Hey there, welcome back. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time for for for for for for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show like well like so um start brushing on on on on on on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush um you know like like like like like like like um too hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will will will will will will be talking about different heroic women I mean okay I mean um um um um um um uh from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the I I I I I I mean you know I mean well you know most powerful female warriors in ancient times times times times times times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in uh I mean I mean well well well well well well well Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the the the the the the uh so I mean like so cons and could a union was the the the the the the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good so so so so so so um I mean so I mean form before we get to talking about anything anything anything anything anything anything and everything to do with golf um okay well uh I mean shafts. I got to to to to to to give a big thank you to the man on the phone I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know okay I mean. His name his name his name his name name name name name name his name his name is Don Brown. He is he is he is he is is is is is is he is he is the senior director of marketing Innovation um okay like like like like like like um uh for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I I I I I I know like you know so you know um Don that you have a lot of of of of of of product not just in the Gulf you know like well well so side, but true true true true true true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I I mean mean mean mean mean mean well so I mean uh am I correct on all this before? Before we get going going going going going going. Yeah, that is correct. So like okay you know I mean uh true Sports, so so so so so so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean like middle of last year and then you know, we have a hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey Division. I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh okay lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it it it it it it so it so it so it so it so it made sense well you know know know know know know okay um uh for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True True True True True True Temper sports okay well so like okay or to Templars were really just our our our our our our golf division. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we make a wide I mean well you know I mean so range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back back back back back back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two I mean you know like like like like like like like you know thousand nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the um um um um um um like I mean so you know podcast been a while. Yep, a lots changed since since since since since since the few years our last Co-op view um well uh um uh you've you've you've you've you've you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not been been been been been been you know um okay okay you know on the scoresheet what's changed for for for for for for you and your career since In a few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down down you know you know like so I mean the top 31 Sports scandals of of of of of of the past 31 years today. We're looking we're looking we're looking we're we're we're we're we're we're looking we're looking we're looking so um you know you know well back to April 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only well you know know know know know know um uh uh two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg open or opponent uh you know so uh like. Steffi. Graf would be the least least least least least least of her problems as a crazed fan with uh okay you know uh I I I I I I mean a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is celes is celes celes celes celes celes celes is celes is celes is celes is career for more shocking sports events from history history history history history history I mean like I mean well um tune in right here every day to to to to to to our March Madness special. Listen free okay you know um you know uh on Spotify or or or or or or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th april 30th april 30th april 30th april 30th april april april april april april 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of well you know um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay like podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about about about about about about Caroline Calloway, and for some um okay so um like reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Ryan. And and and and and and and and and and and and today today today today today today we are shifting a little um well you know well you know bit bit bit bit bit bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling with okay um um so okay pumping them out at the moment boys thing thing thing thing thing thing you don't know about this episode is okay so um uh um I've opened opened opened opened opened opened up the line. So at so at so at so at so at so at at at at at at any stage, you may get a call okay okay I mean well so from from from from from from a listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're we're we're we're we're we're well I mean uh uh uh doing answer the question and and and and and and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys okay you know so so so so so so like like are swept that is this If is this the quad point is is is is is is this you know um so okay you know or we getting cold. I feel like this this this this this this - I think this has the makings like you know um so like of a a a a a a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like just as you just smack it down six months months months months months months because I it's been nagging us for I mean you know so so so the the the the the the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough signal okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know okay and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys are the best I I I I I I do prong collar place for extending time before structured I mean well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think think think think think think I think I mean you know well like like duration work in general helps dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how so you know um okay well to to to to to to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get don't get get get get get get don't get don't get don't get don't get me well like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay you know wrong. I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk talk talk talk talk talk about exercise you know so um I mean okay on the show, but it's it's it's it's it's it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a well um I mean I mean so so so so so so huge advocate of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, raw, raw, raw, raw, raw, but there's you know uh well like like not too many good. Good Good Good Good Good Good commercial good commercial good commercial good commercial good commercial good commercial grade Kibbles Kibbles Kibbles Kibbles Kibbles Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great okay um um so like like like like like like how to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can can can can can can you know uh well so I mean buy. It's like 1999 and you can can can can can can download it and and then we're big on engagement okay so okay you know know know know know know you know games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember we're pet dog uh um well well well trainers. So as a pet dog trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer most of the time the dogs that we've well I mean well I mean like got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
You must you must you must you must you must you must tell me all all all all all all your secrets. Remember we remember we remember we remember we remember we remember we must must must must must must share everything together. Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies and you know you know um um I mean gentlemen, go go for a wild wild wild wild wild wild wild ride with the want to see cats, but beware the I mean like like like like like like like you know like sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own own own own own own safety seen Faster Pussycat I mean okay okay I mean so kill kill kill kill kill kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
On this on this on this on this on this on this week's week's week's week's week's week's episode of the show. We have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we have a 3 Rojas Anthony is someone uh like um uh um who is is is is is is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has he has he has he has he has has has has has has he has been on the podium. Odium at odium at odium at odium at odium at at at at at at odium at the uh okay um like well national yo-yo contest is always exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
I'm spouting off. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm trying to so so so so so so so so okay so think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about about about about about about beating a wife on well uh so uh so Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because because because because because because I do beat my wife. It's because I don't have a uh so so so so so so so you know um wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring in in in in in in a glass okay you know um uh um. What's up what's up what's up what's what's what's what's what's what's up what's up what's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to to to to to to start this okay like uh well um pod with water dripping and 2f words. That That That That That That was dank. We we just started uh like okay I mean well. It's actually actually actually actually actually actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
Due to due to due to due to due to due to the graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode like okay um um um um um um so um includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive offensive offensive offensive offensive offensive I mean you know like you know uh. We advise Extreme Caution for children children children children children children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was um um like so you know a a a a a a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming I mean mean mean mean mean mean well like okay well rain snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich you know so okay you know so water. It was was was was was was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone um okay I mean like like like like like like I mean angler stood in the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop drop drop drop drop drop his line like well you know well like as his gaze traveled down the river river river river river river his I caught something unusual a shadow just well well like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean beneath the surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this this this this this this episode uh so like um you know is going to be about adrenochrome. And And And And And And if that has actually played a huge I mean okay you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're okay I I I I I I mean so like you know actually going to be speaking about how we we we we we we have evidence and different theories about I mean okay well like like how adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so in Hollywood. We are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored um I I I I I I mean um um well messages. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor if you have well like um I mean so heard about anchor is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real like so okay you know like quick and and and and and and let you know that it's completely free. There's these there's these there's these there's there's there's there's there's there's these there's these there's these creation tools that allow you okay okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super it's super it's super it's super it's super it's super easy and anchor.
Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends friends friends friends friends friends um um um you know okay Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going going going going going going to feel better and that you know like okay okay you know are are are are are are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where we we we we we we I mean I mean uh you know so sit with ourselves each other and and and and and and special guests to share the Journey of going uh well well so you know from from from from from from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the the the the the the well you know well you know uh ideas. We have about relationship to others and and and and and and relationship to sell for six years. Yeah so so you know you know uh. It's kind kind kind kind kind kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through well okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay like and learn things over again. It's the it's the it's the the the the the the it's the it's the it's the world is because you kind of lived lived lived lived lived lived okay well so you know um in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really really really really really really the real life. It's just um I mean well okay I mean like you build build build build build build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has has has has has has been told I uh okay I mean I mean so have read that back in in in in in in the day a massive School of sardines underneath the Golden I mean okay you know know know know know know you know you know Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines sardines sardines sardines sardines sardines was powerful enough together to well um uh I mean um force force force force force force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it the other uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know I mean okay way tile friends. If you want to change change change change change change for better in this industry, if um like you know like so you want want want want want want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi met Javi met Javi met Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi met Javi met Javi our job subsea up I mean like so like okay. Next Next Next Next Next Next podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be well like I I I I I I mean uh um active Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big big big big big big question like like okay uh you know mark on that hair Chirac are are are are are are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly sickly sickly sickly sickly sickly maybe sickly a teacher who showed so uh um like um a total total total total total total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial well uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know okay actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do um um um um um um okay um so okay with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to to to to to to unplug a podcast series um you know uh I mean like were a child child child child child child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families I I I I I I mean okay you know um like. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure sure sure sure sure sure that you stay tuned and follow so okay uh I mean well me on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and follow I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so okay okay as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting posting posting posting posting posting every week. So if you miss a uh like well um well week Weak don't don't don't don't don't don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure that so well uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family family family family family family to anyone well uh like I mean you know who has a need to to to to to to listen send it to them and I'll be more than well so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into well well well well well well well you know okay you know the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
Hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my friends and and and and and and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast like so like like like like like like well I mean. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk talk talk talk talk talk about giving up okay um uh uh uh Perfection or this idea of perfection for for for for for for progress. And for peace. I think I mean um I mean well I mean I I I I I I think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We you you you you you you know um well okay um are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to to to to to to know that every single um I mean well well okay person on planet Earth is not not not not not not getting it. All right, they may look like they're you know well like like like like like like like I mean getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that that that that that that they're so like well like so really focused on and really paying a lot lot lot lot lot lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee I mean um um I mean so so so so so so like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast like like like like like like um like like so. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is a free app that you know I mean I mean well you know allows allows allows allows allows allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an I mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean so like idea. They've got all the creation tools the the the the the the recording the editing and everything you need I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your okay um um so uh phone or computer download the anchor app app app app app app today or it over to Anchor FM um okay um so so to to to to to to get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can you you you you you you know you know I mean I mean um do in 5 minutes per day day day day day day to start changing your life get excited because this okay um you know okay um um um um um um is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made made made made with only the okay okay so I mean uh freshest milk and cream. It's the the the the the the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel well like well so um um um um um um. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh uh I mean the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this this this this this this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear um like like I mean like perfection. Welcome to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the hottest take I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined uh you know uh well okay by Craig gains Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um like well. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send send send send send send him send him off well um so okay like the Earth. What is your problem problem problem problem problem problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at so uh um well I mean a a a a a a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of this um like like like like like like so like um is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do so you you you you you you know I mean well okay see Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want want want want want want you want you want you want you want you want to talk okay I I I I I I mean well like you know about some things you want to tell some stories. You want want want want want want to crack jokes and like I mean um okay so be a a a a a a comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to so uh I I I I I I mean okay well your mobile device is free and it's easy to use. You can can can can can can record while okay so well you know uh you're at home. You can record record record record record record on the go. Some of you you travel for um um like well um work work work work work work and you travel far distances, you can record while on the road you like I I I I I I mean uh like um don't have to do it at home and and and and and and it's easy to use you just recorded uh okay um I mean well episode you you you you you you publish it. It uploads all the platforms that you want to I mean mean mean mean mean mean um well like I mean use it to and boom. You've got a podcast in in in in in in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for for for for for for Chompers um okay well I mean um your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start Start Start Start Start Start brushing on the top of your um so um uh um mouth on one side, side, side, side, side, side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story story story story story story of two heroines well okay okay like like Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent spent spent spent spent spent their lives helping people who are blind and well I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years years years years years years okay like okay I mean so ago. Helen was helen was helen was helen was was was was was was helen was helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her her her her her her world was um okay like you know well dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure um um um okay um out out out out out out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
So eventually so eventually so eventually so eventually so eventually so eventually video video video video video video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case um okay well well well well well well well I mean we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off off off off off off or something like I mean like I mean well okay that. Yes that specific specific specific specific specific specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We uh we uh we uh uh uh uh uh uh we uh we uh we uh so um okay like couldn't have we we can't can't can't can't can't can't publish the video of what I'm telling like like like uh okay the the the the the the lotion story because It's part of it is like the visual is at like like like like like like uh I mean so uh least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, same goes goes goes goes goes goes for the football story that uh uh so okay you know I want to tell tell tell tell tell tell ya but the the it was still funny. I like I mean so so so so so so uh well got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the the the the the the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March so like well so so so so so so uh 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video video video video video video games and okay so um um uh entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City City City City City City and bounce around cables and satellites like so I mean you know you know all all all all all all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As always. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Paula I mean you know okay um well to my oh and this week week week week week week we got to change the copy but what my one you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know uh and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in in in in in in the house. Yeah, you know well I mean I mean I mean you know, they they they they they they could Chase for being here - out to chase you guys you know I I I I I I mean you know I mean okay that was a really good episode. Yeah, man man man man man man. Thanks to chase again for yeah step well okay like okay like in there. It It It It It It was it was it was it was it was it was it was dope to to to to to to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
Grand Prince grand Prince grand Prince grand Prince grand Prince grand Prince Vasily the third third third third third third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber the well well so you you you you you you know well fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born born born born born born as he so well I mean you know you know rushed past the Windows. He He He He He He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of rain spattering against like I mean mean mean mean mean mean so so so the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him him him him him him of a I mean so uh like uh prophecy. He'd heard years before if if if if if if you do. Do this evil thing you shall have I mean I mean you you you you you you know uh well an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears tears tears tears tears tears rivers of uh uh so I mean well blood will flow. The heads of the the the the the the mighty will fall your cities will be devoured by you know you know know know know know know I mean okay um Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those those those those those those words now his sin well so so you know uh had already been committed now, now, now, now, now, now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so you know like um you know like much for tuning in listening. We We We We We We hope you like it. We hope you enjoy it. If like if like if if if if if if like if like if like if like I mean well so so you do, please leave leave leave leave leave leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will really help us uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow grow grow grow grow grow this thing. This so okay well um uh first one really is just us talking talking talking talking talking talking about some stories going to get you, okay like I mean okay I mean you know know know know know know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this. We I I I I I I mean well uh you know you know hope you like it. Also a big shout shout shout shout shout shout out to Eric case dude. Thank um you know well uh well you so much for for for for for for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right right right right right right track now also forgive us for you know like uh well like the sound sound sound sound sound sound quality at the moment. That's something that's something that's something that's something that's something that's that's that's that's that's that's something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're well so you know so um um um um um um trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that's okay you you you you you you know um um like best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the the the the the the podcast as much like so so um so as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode of bricks bricks bricks bricks bricks bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor you know like um um um um um um um so the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their their their their their their um uh uh okay you know creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and edit the podcast right from your okay um I mean you know so phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so um well you you you you you you know uh so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming streaming streaming streaming streaming streaming service okay well I mean uh uh you can really imagine you can make money money money money money money from your podcast with no like uh well you know okay minimum listenership and it's it's it's it's it's it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place you know like like like like like like I mean I mean you know just on their app. So guys so guys so so so so so so guys so guys so guys so guys go download the free anchor app or or or or or or so I mean you know okay um go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets uh uh well so so so so so so you know podcast. We are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out um you you you you you you know okay um um here recording just having a good time. We first off off off off off off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab lab lab lab lab lab today. My so um you know you know uh my guest is Kyle Curry who who who who who who formerly played for the now folded London City okay uh uh you know like Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win win win win win win the BBL okay um um um I mean Championship his toughest opponents and how how how how how how it was playing for the Royals and I mean okay okay I mean well well well well well well more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's that's that's that's that's that's you know okay like okay you know segment is going to be about five minutes, but but but but but but the whole thing's a whole so like um you know um show. Hit when you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll see how long it is about not listening to it um okay well well like. But But But But But But before but before but before but before but before but before we get get get get get get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm well you know you know know know know know know uh I mean just going to run give you a rundown of the all the the the the the the games this weekend um I mean um okay you know and I will I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to talk about something else as well. So first game well well you you you you you you know like so and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 80 80 80 80 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a a a a a a quick like well okay uh I mean minute and talk about one of of of of of of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard well um so so like about anger, it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let uh like like okay okay okay okay okay okay so me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your so um okay like um podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you know okay so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps apps apps apps apps apps. You can you know well so you know you know also make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum. Starship which starship which starship which starship which starship which starship which which which which which which is pretty huge well like okay so I mean you guys it's everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know well so free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started back so so so okay well to the show. Hey there, how how how how how how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can I mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh well so listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in in in in in in one place for free I mean okay well you know like without a premium account account account account account account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every well you know um you know know know know know know okay imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an an an an an an I mean like like okay well episode premium users can download episodes to listen to to to to to to offline wherever and whenever and like uh so I mean um easily share what what what what what what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't uh you you you you you you know like well you know done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app app app app app app search for Optimal I mean like you know you know you know Health daily daily daily daily daily daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure okay okay okay okay okay okay um um I mean I mean to follow me. So you never miss an an an an an an episode of Optimal Health okay so okay like so daily. This is this is is is is is is this is this is this is this is Optimal Health daily episode 949 mechanical mechanical mechanical mechanical mechanical mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way like okay um well okay to build build build build build build muscle fast by John. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we before we before before before before before before we before we before we before we begin, please well um I mean so you you you you you you know find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get well well well well well well I mean like okay you know cornered into being the guy who has all the the the the the the answers. I'd like to take this uh I mean um um okay opportunity to make a confession confession confession confession confession confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I okay I okay I okay I I I I I I okay I okay I okay well I mean like um have theories. I have questions. I I I I I I find myself looking around and I'm like, we uh like um so like can't stay stay stay stay stay stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my okay you know know know know know know uh okay uh journey. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's It's It's It's It's It's time to become you know okay you know well I mean reformers. These are are are are are are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers okay you know you you you you you you know okay you know show.com Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My My My My My My Shero. We're going okay um uh so well to talk about Prosperity today today today today today today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and and and and and and well I mean uh you know um I am ready to talk about some crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop well so um you know I mean who who who who who who has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you you you you you you follow like like uh like uh me at all then you know, I have have have have have have said since day one the beginning like uh uh so like that she was guilty guilty guilty guilty guilty guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she like you know so so so so so so so okay did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be be be be be be brought like um like um I mean to justice for what she has has has has has has done and be arrested and it has finally um um so you know so happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to well like like like like like like so well so do with uploading it and putting it online. But now but but but but but but now but now but now but now but now we do it was so I I I I I I mean okay okay I mean kind of complicated and confusing it was nice nice nice nice nice nice to have it all done for um um I mean I mean so us and and and and and and we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor so um um um um um um um um like dot f m which is awesome and who we currently use now it's it's it's it's it's it's free. It's like like well you know well got creation tools that allow you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right well you know uh you know you know know know know know know from your phone or computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it it it it it it well well okay you know you know can be heard on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all all all all all all over the place and okay so you know I mean um you can make money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you uh like you know so so so so so so uh have a hundred listeners a month, guess what you can so make a a a a a a okay uh so I mean uh couple of bucks from that and I think it's it's it's it's it's it's worth it all the other sites well like like I mean well make you pay pay pay pay pay pay to upload your podcast and do not get you money in the um I mean mean mean mean mean mean well so okay process. So it's everything that you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place well I mean I mean okay like download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
Hello everyone. This is this is this is this is this is this is Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to I mean so um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of of of of of of like um you know okay well the 2020s baby had. Height we're going going going going going going to talk about that some 80 uh okay like like um percenters were talking talking talking talking talking talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a well I mean you know know know know know know uh like unique beast on confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last the last the last the last the last the last one in February or was legendary.
Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't well don't well don't don't don't don't don't don't well don't well don't well don't literally well I mean like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean have Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me send me send send send send send send me send me send me send me the Koozie send me like I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean you know the Koozies know send me yours that I I I I I I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like um so well like okay I stole that that that that that that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back so so so okay okay okay okay okay okay like. I know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so okay I mean okay, and also I have TVs on my counter counter counter counter counter counter. I got cookies on my well uh okay well so counters, who's they also also also also also also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone okay I mean so so so so so so uh like to I dig it. I dig it. It's fucking it's fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking it's fucking it's fucking it's fucking it's fucking like so okay. I may um um um um um um okay okay like I mean have shot the wedding's it may it may not even even even even even even like been friends. I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay well well well well well well okay okay I mean don't know. I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding we um you know uh uh so did a koozie were who could steal steal steal steal steal steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine um so so okay okay of them half half half half half half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann Bachmann Bachmann Bachmann Bachmann Bachmann and we are so okay uh so I mean to a mature relationship Scholars Scholars Scholars Scholars Scholars Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well research in okay so um like like like like like like okay sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live work um um um um um um um I mean I mean uh and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and and and and and and this is you and like I mean um I mean okay everyone else. So So So So So So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce um so uh um like like like like like like ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this this this this this this to look like so well like uh uh and we pretty much established. We're We're We're We're We're We're not famous. So why so why so why so why so why so why should you you you you you you listen to me? okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so like So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind kind kind kind kind kind of who we are so so um okay you know what kind of identities we we we we we we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my um um um um um um um well uh so God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and and and and and and in specific well like so like like embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various various various various various various. I think I think I think I think I think I think he's okay. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll go okay okay um uh like first because I got a good one. This This This This This This happened just this morning. I see so okay well um like all might might might might might might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so um so known as polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings wings wings wings wings wings the podcast where we um I mean well uh so read through Saga one issue at at at at at at a time. Yes, and we will finally so okay like okay well answer the the the the the the question. Will we will we will we will we will we will we make a a a a a a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's well um so okay I mean our other podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. He said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually I mean well like you you you you you you know like that still works. Okay, that's fast. How long how long were were were were were were you sitting on okay I mean so so uh that one? How long was was was was was was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give well, give well, give give give give give give well, give well, give well, give me the um you know um like you know name name name name name name of this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This you you you you you you know well like so um is a good book. I just looked at this this this this this this cover. This is a good book. I so like uh I mean uh love love love love love love this cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is is is is is is my favorite cover. We've hit we've hit we've hit we've hit we've hit we've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um you know I mean s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is is is is is is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott well uh I mean I mean I mean Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart Stewart here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like we blinked all of a like okay well okay okay sudden the 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How you you you you you you know like okay uh well is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel feel feel feel feel feel kind of refreshed uh uh you know like well ready to go? Just blacked out out out out out out and then woke up and it was like we're uh like like like so so so so so so about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up up up up up up okay you know um I mean I mean in time. Then sort then sort sort sort sort sort sort then sort then sort then sort then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God God God God God God. I set my alarm you know uh um um you know. Yeah, and I I I I I I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason so like like like like like like well okay um game or something. I showed I showed I showed I showed I I I I I I showed I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's uh okay okay okay okay okay okay like so well like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat beat beat beat beat beat Montreal. I was just like I mean I mean so okay uh yeah, we're back in the the the the the the swing of things. We are good for real back in the okay um um um um um um um I mean well swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
Before we before we before we before we before we before we kick off today's episode episode episode episode episode episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you so so I mean well well well well well well I mean guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of of of of of of your well okay I mean well well favorite artists and podcasts in one place place place place place place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account you know well well um well necessary Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one um okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so um you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So So So So So So you never miss well okay okay well you know an episode you can can can can can can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And um and um and um and and and and and and um and um and um well so so like if you are a premium premium premium premium premium premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no so like um so um um um um um um matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to to to to to to well okay so like uh download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships daily or browse podcasts in the well like you know I mean like like like like like like your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode episode episode episode episode episode well well I mean uh you know speaking of which let's see what we've got on on on on on on The Ledger today. This like this like this like this like this like this like I I I I I I mean you know I mean okay is optimal relationships daily episode 647 what I I I I I I wish someone had told me right after so so so well well my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode 12 12 12 12 12 12 of the how to become a personal trainer I mean I mean so I I I I I I mean well podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and and and and and and in uh okay like um uh this episode we talk about the pyramid that that that that that that you need to know for muscle gain, well well um um so essentially the order of of of of of of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're building you know okay okay okay okay okay okay so well okay muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode episode episode episode episode episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This well um I mean well like is not a one-take one-take one-take one-take one-take one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute into the podcast uh you know know know know know know uh so um and then I realized that we have a little bit of a a a a a a new setup here so I mean I mean okay okay and our audio engineer extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around the set up uh uh okay okay um um um um um um and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly to par. But But But But But But now but now but now but now but now but now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on on on on on on like you know uh okay uh I'll say this till till I die. You only have have have have have have the next breath. That's um um so you know okay all you have have have have have have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all okay I mean I mean like like like like like like uh you got. What's up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 well well well well well well I mean well okay well and technically for the people watching on YouTube for you you you you you you. This is episode 2 there I mean you know well like like were 19 episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes on your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on so well okay you you you you you you know so Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year 11 year 11 11 11 11 11 11 year 11 year 11 year 11 year old patient. Timothy uh timothy uh timothy uh uh uh uh uh uh timothy uh timothy uh timothy uh uh well like okay Hardwick was admitted to to to to to to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die in the you know know know know know know okay like you know uh care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to today and true-crime true-crime true-crime true-crime true-crime true-crime like so you know so um a par cast original due to the graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is uh like okay um I mean advised advised advised advised advised advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one um um um um um um I mean well well so of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who who who who who who was later nicknamed the Angel of you know well I mean you know like like like like like like Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's well well well well well well I mean okay um so I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the the the the the the back of doing some live you know um um you know like training to to to to to to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power I I I I I I mean you know well uh okay of the internet and amazing technological technological technological technological technological technological breakthrough where you can be in four places you know I mean okay like like like like like like okay at one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired. Is this you know I mean I mean uh like little podcast that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm putting together for you today? But before but before but before but before but before before before before before before but before we get uh I mean so I mean I mean into that, I want want want want want want to give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've uh uh uh uh uh uh well um so so been running a little bit of a giveaway. So So So So So So for so for so for so for so for so for anyone that leaves a a a a a a so you know like you know you know review on iTunes and sends me over over over over over over a screenshot. I will I will I will I will I will I will enter enter enter enter enter enter them into a I mean like you know uh you know draw to win win win win win win a little little gift from me. So I just been I mean like you you you you you you know uh you know scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for for for for for for divine spiritual uh well you know well well Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and and and and and and aligned with their purpose. I am your host so uh well like I I I I I I mean e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and and and and and and awaken to your well okay okay um okay truth together. We will cover a a a a a a multitude of spiritual topics share stories and deeply dive okay like you know uh um um um um um um into what it means to be a soul having a human experience. So come come come come come come so come so come so come so come so come on like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin qin qin qin qin qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea of Love Light and healing energy okay I I I I I I mean uh well well emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, I hello, I hello, I hello, I hello, I am back. So I mean mean mean mean mean mean well well I mean okay it has been about a month since my last episode episode episode episode episode episode but I went off uh uh okay like okay to have a baby most most most most most most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement basement basement basement basement basement so I mean okay so you know on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard heard heard heard heard heard it all a chance to skirt. It so I mean you know you know well all a a a a a a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic cards so you you you you you you know I mean well um got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering towering towering towering towering towering Drive. I put I put I put I put I put I put the the the the the the well I mean I mean um so ram in the ram slots driving the the the the the the larger Bay topped it off too fast well okay you know okay you know. Like Like Like Like Like Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a rig you know know know know know know I mean uh like okay like a BP engineer. My friends my friends my my my my my my friends my friends my friends my friends and family smile is working on make fun fun fun fun fun fun of you know uh okay um okay me, but I'm a make them them them them them them eat their words because I don't know really going um um like you know so billionaire billionaire billionaire billionaire billionaire billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear. I'm gonna I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna be so uh uh you know um a a a a a a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking out my favorite you you you you you you know I mean well uh I mean - like a Penn State coach Rick Rick Rick Rick Rick Rick me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth um uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did Did Did Did Did Did we like okay like I mean well just say that each week? We'll be we'll be be be be be be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So like like like like like like so well you know like you create some atmosphere light some candles turn off off off off off off the TV you are trying to like you know well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be be be be be be a well so um you know you know good escort done done. Don't want want want want want want don't want don't want don't want don't want don't want with bitches or or or or or or whatever the hell this okay well well so like is all you see is the creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I I I I I I mean I mean um like okay I'm here to talk about my life experiences as as as as as as a model share my best tips and um you know um I mean so advices on on on on on on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry and so so so so so so I mean okay you know so so much more basically reminding you all to to to to to to stand tall. Today I'll be talking about I mean okay like so so who I I I I I I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier. Well, you know I I I I I I mean so um um first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening listening listening listening listening listening to my very okay well you know you know um first episode. I am so so so so so so excited. I had I had I had I had I had I had been thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking about doing a podcast so uh so uh so for over a year now and kept kept kept kept kept kept pushing it off, but I just had to okay like I mean like like do do do do do do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor so so so so so so so like well okay if you don't know about anchor it's the platform platform platform platform platform platform that we use to like uh well um okay make all of our podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast well you know like like like like like like okay um. Let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free so uh uh uh uh uh uh so well well. There's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing there's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of so um um um um um um okay you know like creation tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from um uh so I mean I mean your phone or your computer wherever it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so you know like so like you know know know know know know that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want want want want want want to well like like I mean well put it you can make money from from from from from from your podcast right out the gate okay okay you know okay you know. No No No No No No minimum listenership. You can you can you can you can you can you can start start start start start start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's you know okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean like literally everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well so um download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get okay you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh so started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box and I'll look this this this this this this way um I mean so you know um too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing doing doing doing doing doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like you know like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay so within a week of doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes you you you you you you know so well so um out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's what's what's what's what's what's it's what's it's what's it's what's it's what's it's what's under bro. Come um come um come come come come come come um come um come um come um okay well so okay on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a a a a a a I mean okay I mean well like stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping Sleeping Sleeping Sleeping Sleeping Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think well okay okay okay um my uncle killed someone someone someone someone someone someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? like okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh okay Welcome back to another week of beyond the secret. My name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name is Ace Fanning like like like like like like uh um like you know and I have had a revelation of sorts after last last last last last last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people some people some people some people some people some people might be listening to this and getting.
It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened happened happened happened happened happened to chrysippus of you know you know you know uh like solely if you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to hear so like so so so so so so I mean so more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our our our our our our series famous Fates. You like you like you like you like you like you you you you you you like okay so um well can hear the entire catalog all 45 45 45 45 45 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous well I mean uh I mean like faiths faiths faiths faiths faiths faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it I mean mean mean mean mean mean well so so so that you need? Are you indeed who I I I I I I think you are? I'm not like I mean um I mean so certain any any any any any any man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, well, sir, well, sir, well, sir, well, well, well, well, well, well, sir, well, sir, are you not chrysippus like so you know okay well the the the the the the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about my son uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like so phileas. He is he is he is he is he is he he he he he he is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for for for for for for well um you know I mean okay three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what what what what what what's the point of being six so um okay I mean like degrees from everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally um like uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low low low low low low. I don't think anyone um you know um so you know could ever ever ever ever ever ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon you know so so so so so so so well you know. He stole he stole he stole he stole he stole stole stole stole stole stole he stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree of um um um um um um well so like okay Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine killing for all those years. He um um okay okay um was just some boring boring boring boring boring boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and well you know so I I I I I I mean so Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin. You You You You You You have you have you have you have you have you have to make um like well okay okay okay okay okay okay um this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, it's it's it's it's it's it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm not um um um um um um uh like so uh racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. So today we're uh um I mean um okay here with some little special guests guests guests guests guests guests and they are going to be joining our I mean um you know so you know conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the I'm the I'm the senior at st. Francis I mean well I I I I I I mean uh um. Okay. And so and so and so and so and so and and and and and and so I guess the first question is have you ever I guess experience I I I I I I mean um well uh okay like a stereotype at least a racial one. And And And And And And if so, what was it and you know I mean okay like well yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I can start there. Stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for stereotype stereotype stereotype stereotype stereotype stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a well a well a well a well a well a general one. I see I'm.
Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about about about about about about well uh so you know okay anchor get it is the easiest way to make make make make make make a podcast. I want to okay uh so I mean okay explain. It's actually where we we we we we we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from your phone so well you know uh uh or your computer if that's how you you you you you you want to do it. That's not well um so well okay how we do do do do do do it. But I but I but I but I but I but I suppose you you you you you you could anchor will distribute your podcast well like I mean okay well for you you you you you you. So it so it so it so it so it so it can be heard everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many so well um um well many many many many many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum okay like so so so so so so like like listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So So So So So So go okay I mean uh you know like ahead and download the free anchor app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- uh so so so so so so um like I mean to get started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's a um uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean so spool back to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you you you you you you know okay um well like I mean Spotify for music, but now guess guess guess guess guess guess what you can find all your favorite well I mean um you know know know know know know well podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to another another another another another another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but uh okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean other podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, um um um um um um uh okay so uh no, it's not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide decide decide decide decide decide how I want like well so like well. To another episode of what the the the the the the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You um uh um okay um um um um um um complain about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay uh you know right. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was was was was was was this was this was this was this was this was the entire show show show show show show you how it's I mean uh you know you know like done, right? You You You You You You know you want okay do it. You know you know you know you know know know know know know you know you know you already well um uh uh I mean did the the the the the the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have why have why have why have have have have have have why have why have you been out like like um okay well here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
Are you are you are you are you are you are you all ready for for for for for for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't um I mean I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay wait to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was was was was was was so I mean okay well uh like wow, this is like a real roller roller roller roller roller roller coaster. It was just like one so like uh so okay of those those those those those those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that like like like like like like you know I mean uh so we're going to get into but I know know know know know know that it was a good movie because you know okay you know I mean uh I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot lot lot lot lot lot to okay I mean uh you know I mean talk about and it feels like like like like like like are we getting into it or my okay now, let's you know uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know uh not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest you know um um so like films podcast. My My My My My My name my name my name my name my name my name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, sorry sitting across from me is my well so I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh so about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to to to to to to all of your favorite artists and I mean uh um well um podcast and and and and and and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh I mean that is great because let's face it. We are are are are are are all trying to save a little um okay you know I mean like bit these days days days days days days. So with so with so with so with so with so with Spotify, you can can can can can can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss so you know okay um I I I I I I mean an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram like so so you know I mean and premium users can even download episodes to to to to to to listen to offline wherever and whenever you uh I mean like I mean like are are are are are are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this you you you you you you know uh I mean you know uh one is actually useful. So if you you you you you you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search so um like uh okay for for for for for for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library Library Library Library Library Library tab. Also, well okay uh you know I mean make sure to follow follow follow follow follow follow us on there. So you never miss an episode you know I mean okay like like like like like like you know of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode episode episode episode episode episode. Hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody I mean you you you you you you know so you know okay Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode of wriggles wriggles wriggles wriggles wriggles wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding you know uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay you know out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve jayhawks soft-serve jayhawks soft-serve jayhawks soft-serve soft-serve soft-serve soft-serve soft-serve soft-serve jayhawks soft-serve jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort of well well well well well well well well um okay thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds nerds nerds nerds nerds nerds out like NerdWallet real nerds who offer well um so uh so expert guidance guidance guidance guidance guidance guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor um um um um um um um well okay uh it's the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first first first first first first it's free uh well uh well you know and everybody loves free things. Like Like Like Like Like Like Rick like Rick like Rick like Rick like Rick like Rick don't you do do do do do do it? Yeah. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I I I I I I mean I mean well so like I love free things. So there's so there's there's there's there's there's there's so there's so there's so there's so there's also creation tools that allow you you you you you you to I mean so you know you know you know record and edit your own own own own own own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor uh well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay so will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple um uh uh okay so podcast Pandora all these platforms so that way people can can can can can can hear your podcast you can you know like I mean okay well make Money Money Money Money Money Money from your own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make well well well well well well well so so well a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app today today today today today today or go I mean uh um I mean okay to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know well like for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Alba Alba Alba Alba Alba Casado a student sharing her journey okay I mean I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't forget um um um um um um well um um uh to hit subscribe. So you so you so you you you you you you so you so you so you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back okay well well so um in today's episode. We are going to to to to to to talk about the tasks in the C2 okay you know you know well well well well well well I mean proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We We We We We We already I mean like uh well you know talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
Moans and moans and moans and moans and moans and moans and groans moans and you you you you you you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting as like so so I mean like like like like like like we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life. You uh uh uh uh uh uh you uh you uh you uh you uh you uh like well I I I I I I mean I mean come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm calm calm calm calm calm and you well like well um um fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and moans moans moans moans moans moans and moans and moans and moans and moans and groans the sounds of making making making making making making love you know I mean uh so you know my breath is a fucking that that that that that that you're not forget. Your breath the Breath of Life uh so I mean like like like like like like well kissing my lips. You're breathing you're breathing you're breathing you're breathing you're breathing you're you're you're you're you're you're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher than the okay okay you you you you you you know well um mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean so really appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out out out out out out of studying the Bible in okay so uh I mean you know this way way way way way way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something well well well well well well like okay I mean okay we don't often talk about enough, but we we we we we we need to we need to talk like okay um so well about it more and today today today today today today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's okay you know I mean um okay quite quite quite quite quite quite unlike everything else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to to to to to to like okay like you know so 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter and James and his brother John so you know I mean like well and led them up up up up up up a high mountain where they could be alone. There in there in there in in in in in in there in there in there in their you know okay uh I mean um presence presence presence presence presence presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back back back back back back well like so like like today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? well like like so okay You just do pause, but but but but but but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean knew you'd want to say the full title. Right love it it it it it it before we jump into uh um you know you know you know this episode episode episode episode episode episode. I would I would I would I would I would I would like to remind everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. If you find yourself in a situation so I mean uh uh well where you you you you you you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available available available available available available like well um okay I mean to help you at any time. Their number their their their their their their number their number their number their number their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We We We We We We uh we uh we uh we uh we uh we uh so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean um discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of of of of of of The Wizarding World I mean so uh um okay be warned. This is a spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna I'm Brianna I'm Brianna I'm Brianna I'm Brianna I'm Brianna and I'm Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin. We were we were we were we were we were we were really well well well well well well uh I mean well okay excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts and feelings about the uh like so okay well original book theories, but that's that's that's that's that's that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 of um uh you know um like Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and and and and and and reminders is well I mean okay like well an interactive podcast. We want we want want want want want want we want we want we want we want to know your thoughts. So, please please please please please please feel free to tweet along well I mean okay uh okay with us. You can can can can can can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to join the um you know well well well well well well well I mean conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few few few few few few extra guy in flying around you know so uh okay like donate to block us us us us us us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills you know so so so so so so um like so and I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right right right right right right now. Thank uh so okay uh I mean you for listening by the way, but if if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the like uh uh like uh easiest way to make make make make make make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during well okay I mean like you you you you you you know this quarantine and a few people have reached out to me and asked for for for for for for well well okay I mean um advice on how to get their podcast started started started started started started or distribute it out there and anchors the uh uh well um uh best way to to to to to to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you okay I mean I mean um um um um um um like to record and edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You You You You You You can have well okay uh okay well your fans leave messages. Thank you you you you you you to those of you that have been doing that by I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean you know the way, keep them come and keep keep keep keep keep keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast I mean well well well well well well well well I mean for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a a a a a a bunch more like well I mean well I mean this so many channels that that that that that that are podcast is on some of them. I well I well I well well well well well well I well I well I well I mean um well I mean never even heard heard heard heard heard heard of so it does the work for you and you well uh I mean like like like like like like so can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're I I I I I I mean I mean okay like like listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking talking talking talking talking talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep okay you know um like well in in in in in in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink well like like so so so so so so uh it. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the the the the the the well I mean okay you know uh end. I'm Jon John. Jon was jon jon jon jon jon jon was jon was jon was jon was jon was a real quick. What do you play? play play play play play uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well um like like like like like like you know Play guitar. Okay again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All All All All All All so uh okay um so right. I'm Carlos and I play drums. And I and and and and and and I and I and I and I and I am Daniel and I play uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean like um the bass. All right, let's let's let's do a this this this this this this is our first time like I mean like so um doing it with multi multi multi multi multi multi people can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay I mean. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm procedure right? right right right right right you know well um like so I am South African and I've been living living living living living living in Munich for almost seven and a half okay um uh okay uh years and and and and and and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus goes you know well so you you you you you you know okay into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago ago ago ago ago ago. It was uh like I mean you know okay really interesting because I grew up up up up up up under the time of Apartheid. And so I grew up so okay um um um um um um um um thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Pearson Fowler so okay well well I I I I I I mean with me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks I mean like like I mean like this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate hate hate hate hate hate that you have to wear um well so uh like that albatross around your your your your your your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot um you know know know know know know you know you know uh of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and like so um okay I mean I sound sound sound sound sound sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the in the in the the the the the the in the in the in the morning, but I'm I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You You You You You You covered the baseball game and then Saturday I mean okay okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And then you you you you you you like I mean okay well you know said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina so I mean I mean okay you you you you you you know first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then came back to to to to to to okay okay well I mean so Colombia. And the and the and the and the the the the the the and the and the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not not not not not not necessarily stay I mean I mean well um okay or reflect those of of of of of of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions um you know know know know know know well I mean um of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 1 1 1 1 1 episode 17 the uh well I mean you know I mean rivals. Let's just go and and and and and and tell a little bit about what is actually uh I mean well well you you you you you you know happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see see see see see see okay so uh you know um which is a podcast in which this young young young young young young lady here with a mouthful okay uh um like uh of toast. Hyah, Heather Heather Heather Heather Heather Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years um like like like like like like okay um you know of age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on on on on on on musician's uh well I mean so I mean health and wellness. It's two days after after after after after after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's um okay I mean okay so really really really really really really cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back in okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean so so um the podcast Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7 7 7 7 7 7. I've been really like uh you know so you know excited and looking forward to to to to to to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce well uh um um um um um um like I mean that our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I I I I I I would like um um you know well um to welcome you to my nerd Marine Marine Marine Marine Marine Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge so you know so so so so so so uh like today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back. Back so okay like well like everyone in 2008. I had the the the the the the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California uh you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay uh coast from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train train train train train train before so uh well well like. But this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about I I I I I I mean okay like okay okay starting your own podcast? You know you you you you you you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's um um well um I mean the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh okay uh free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has has has has has has creation tools that okay well like um so allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's well so I I I I I I mean you know you know just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So it so it so it so it so it so it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard on like um um like like Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera opera opera opera opera opera royalty podcast is on so okay I mean well I mean eight different. Forms Forms Forms Forms Forms Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast you you you you you you know uh so you know I mean and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor is everything I mean you know like so like you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. So what do you do so well I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get get get get get get um uh you know um so started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to to to to to to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in uh so like I I I I I I mean okay a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you you you you you you so okay like okay okay that did notice they be a large percentage of you you you you you you that didn't notice but I mean well um you know okay we did promise that it it it it it it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it uh uh well well well well well well okay um is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and and and and and and Mike well you know you know like like as always so M. How are you you you you you you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I okay you know okay like like like like like like okay am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the the the the the the world well you know uh like okay goes around I think so. We are are are are are are actually joined by another and we are honored so so you know you know so so so so so so and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes Grimes Grimes Grimes Grimes Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning uh okay I I I I I I mean so well science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not not not not not not just saying this because well so well like like he's they're here. I I I I I I did actually say it to Mike off air as uh uh uh so like well well well well well well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was was was was was was um well um well I mean very traumatized after seeing a man turn into into into into into into some messed up organism right in front like um uh so I mean of of of of of of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules well okay like well well well well well well like again. And again, it was so dark in here that I had to to to to to to use like I mean you know you know uh the small lamp on the the the the the the table next to me. They really need uh um okay um like to fix fix fix fix fix fix the lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the well like well well well well well well um you know first rule. Hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully other than traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is this is this is this this this this this this is this is this is um um well you know I mean going going going going going going to be a great shift. The first thing I tried was to walk out like like like like like like you know like like you know but I could see movement in my peripheral peripheral peripheral peripheral peripheral peripheral vision. They got closer as I like okay I mean you know like moved towards the the the the the the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is is is is is is I mean like like like like Adam. I am your host. Thank you to to to to to to everybody who listened to the last uh so you know like like episode and welcome to to to to to to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, well like I I I I I I mean okay you know I'm going to be doing something a little bit bit bit bit bit bit different I am going so I'm trying you know like I mean um well to to to to to to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of of of of of of film uh like uh like like and put together. Kind of kind of kind of of of of of of kind of kind of kind of making it I guess is the best way to to to to to to um well like okay uh put it I mean so I've been looking into like like like like like like I've talked about in the uh um okay like um past I talked about in the last last last last last last episode that I really am a big uh okay I mean you you you you you you know uh fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not so not not not not not not so not so not so not so not the Bowman Prospect cards the um um um um um um so well well so ones with the RC logo. So I was putting putting putting putting putting putting together some statistics with the PSA like well uh you know uh Pop reports reports reports reports reports reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what well okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh um I got, so like I was looking at like players basically basically basically basically basically basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll you know okay okay okay okay okay okay well um well never have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk milk milk milk milk milk Master 2000. Treat your like well I mean like uh fling flang, right? I I I I I I am before you're going to see how easy okay well you know um I I I I I I mean this is to do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton so so so so so so so uh so I mean. Oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and and and and and and oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other other other other other other words, otherwise I mean um you know well I mean known as it's it's it's it's it's it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's okay what's okay what's what's what's what's what's what's okay what's okay what's okay what's okay uh so well you know your name name name name name name Chris? Mr. Darkness mr. Darkness mr. Darkness mr. Darkness mr. Darkness mr. Darkness Mystic Mist Mist Mist Mist Mist Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino like well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean like tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself uh like like like like like like so well uh. They call me. Mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs mr mr mr mr mr mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really really really really really really gotta you know uh so um like you gotta really get into and a a a a a a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's well well uh uh okay a problematic pause pause pause pause pause pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, so like like like like like like like okay I mean stay stage and screen if you wish and there you go go go go go go you are without uh you know well I mean uh electricity today. So we're going going going going going going to try to make this a brief show. I know so um so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh you're working on battery power over there. So I have a good signal and and and and and and you know I mean you know like okay I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a a a a a a bad reputation um you know um you know well for everything they do do do do do do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry like um so well like the the the the the the diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation well so so so so so so I mean well like and none of them are immune from job hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping myths industry experts told Business uh so like so okay News Daily that that that that that that these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem okay uh uh uh uh uh uh well so so here are a few common ones and how to combat them. One One One One One One Millennials change okay I mean like uh I mean jobs after one year one myth myth myth myth myth myth that some might not know or even care to well well well you know know know know know know so disprove is that Millennials jump from job to job because we're never satisfied but but but but but but data okay you know so um so from the US Bureau of of of of of of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with so you know know know know know know uh I mean well companies longer than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The The The The The The average the average the average the average the average the average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign sign sign sign sign sign you know I mean I mean well I mean me up. Hi welcome. My name name name name name name is Christina Dean. I am I am I am I am I am I am the the the the the the owner of um well um okay like seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been been been been been been a reseller for about half a year so um I mean okay so. I've created created created created created created an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean so you know in the community here. I will talk talk talk talk talk talk about all the tips and tricks like you know um well uh I've Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop along the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you I mean mean mean mean mean mean so so like um to help you enhance and possibly pick up your own side side side side side side gig or full-time gig you know like uh you know um with being being being being being being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean you know know know know know know like um uh like. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like like all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now Now Now Now Now Now in this lesson, you guys so so so um like are going to learn about singular singular singular singular singular singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used um so okay uh you know know know know know know with the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back Back Back Back Back Back like so so I mean well again for another English lesson, welcome back. For For For For For For those of you who are um like uh like well new. I want to quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an well so okay um um um um um um like American English teacher. I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to I mean well well well well well well uh well like speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently I I I I I I currently I currently I currently I currently I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey jockey jockey jockey jockey jockey like like uh uh I mean it those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's It's It's It's It's It's great it's great it's great it's great it's great it's great to be back with with with with with with my you know uh so well like favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair hair hair hair hair hair up they are hey, if you are very well okay I mean so so so so so so so distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the the the the the the kahane um um well you know I mean heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt Bhatt Bhatt Bhatt Bhatt Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career path. Coffee like you know like like so so so so so so popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies are 90 90 90 90 90 90 Arjun um um like well like made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, data, data, data, data, data, but then it did I mean uh like so like not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today I I I I I I mean okay well like okay is Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch touch touch touch touch touch base with all of you because okay so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay it feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though well so so so so so so so well like we've been on spring break. I usually only send an email with with with with with with a link to uh okay uh I mean um the theory courses. So if you you you you you you have a friend or relative a classmate well uh I mean I mean you know who's who's who's who's who's who's in the in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this this this this this this um I mean uh you know uh information on to them or tell tell tell tell tell tell them to contact me so I so like so okay so can can can can can can send them the link. This is important information that I want all of you you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like well to have. It's going it's going it's going it's going it's it's it's it's it's it's going it's going to be even more important than usual for us to um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay be in communication for you to have good communication with the the the the the the nursing program over the like um well well so next several weeks. You need need need need need need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay um you you you you you you know need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I I I I I I have a uh I mean you know you know uh neglected you guys. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas okay so well uh okay and and and and and and then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is I I I I I I mean um okay so I mean Series 2. So we've now got new guests, which which which which which which is amazing and I've I mean so uh uh um got some really really good good good good good good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and you know uh um um um um um um so so I hope you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that that that that that that would so uh I mean like well be great for the podcast and you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd like to come on please to give me a you know like like like like like like like well well message because I'd love to chat to you before we start. I I I I I I just wanted to like you know so I mean so quickly just mention the sad death death death death death death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to you know well um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay say to people just to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And And And And And And well and well and well and well and well and well okay well like like like like like like so if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to to to to to to like uh so uh like exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what what what what what what it's like to live with borderline well um well well like personality disorder and other other other other other other mental health problems. My name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name is Celine and I am your so you know uh well I mean host for for for for for for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of the Podcast uh I I I I I I mean so like I mean which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for for for for for for professional mental health okay you know you know like uh and medical intervention. So, So, So, So, So, So, please seek out those sources of support if you I mean uh so okay you you you you you you know need them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's month's month's month's month's month's episode I mean so I mean so um. We've got an interview with John Rudd who who who who who who is a national performance director at so so so you know I mean swim swim swim swim swim swim Ireland. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to to to to to to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some of so like so so so so so so so uh the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about about about about about about what is expecting okay so you know you know I mean from from Tokyo Tokyo Tokyo Tokyo Tokyo Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for the you know know know know know know like um you know I mean quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start start start start start start. I so I mean uh uh I mean wanted to welcome you to our our our our our our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this I mean like so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS um okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean like going forward as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our Our Our Our Our Our budget plan well you know I mean so like was formally submitted and approved approved approved approved approved approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we also, we also, we we we we we we also, we also, we also, we like well um okay okay presented our our our our our our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well you know uh has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that that that that that that no additional changes have you know so well okay so been made to to to to to to our budget up to this point. This is this is this is this is is is is is is this is this is a positive step for uh I mean I mean you know know know know know know you know the department and helps us better plan and assess our word the next next next next next next steps will like so um um like be for the legislature to Begin work on the the the the the the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've selected selected selected selected selected selected we've selected we've selected we've selected we've selected we've selected those well so so so you you you you you you know we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with additional additional additional additional additional additional Research I mean so I mean okay um into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from from from from from from oral tradition. There's a wide variety across well okay um I mean so sources sources sources sources sources sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but we hope hope hope hope hope hope uh so uh you know you know you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow Arrow Arrow Arrow Arrow Arrow long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not to to to to to to lose I mean you know so well okay the trail of his people people people people people people. He'd been he'd been he'd been he'd been he'd been he'd been following them them them them them them day and night. He was I mean well um well um filthy hungry. And for the the the the the the first time in his life alone. Oh long arrows foot uh uh so I I I I I I mean uh hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf and and and and and and assumed you know I mean okay so um to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
Join me join me join me join me join me join me to understand my my my my my my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed well you know you know okay like like like like like like with the global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel well um um um well features marble is an American film and television television television television television television Studio. They are best known for producing um um okay you know you know the Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back back back back back back um well you know you know you know to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about like so you know you know know know know know know so today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a a a a a a um like so I mean I mean trip to the movie theater to to to to to to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was well like I mean so so currently unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting like like so you know you you you you you you know my life to be altered that day since then. I've had I've I've I've I've I've I've had I've had I've had I've had I've had a huge crush um um well well well well well well I mean you know on Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing fantasizing fantasizing fantasizing fantasizing fantasizing about a man 10 years older uh I mean you know like you know know know know know know than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better um I I I I I I mean you know like well best the number one sports gambling podcast on on on on on on the entire internet and podcast like well you know okay uh landscape and place place place place place place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest um like like like like like like well I mean you know supporters of Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel dorel dorel dorel dorel dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we well like I mean um well just change change change change change change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well like far as the pics were concerned just a tad not much much much much much much the the luck so you know uh uh I mean ran out of the money money money money money money song that that one money song that we've been using well I mean mean mean mean mean mean like well so boy. You better give me that money. Yeah that one one one one one one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now well you know so like okay. It was it was it was it was was was was was was it was it was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have Alexis here with uh you you you you you you know like I mean uh a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out out out out out out and ready and Alexis um I mean I mean like um. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
Hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And like and like like like like like like and like and like and like and like okay okay well okay as you may may may may may may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a because we I mean so you you you you you you know okay like actually didn't have one of those this week. But But But But But But if you're hankering for your weekly like well uh well um slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show show show show show show I mean okay so um like. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training training training training training training cards podcast and video series we have rebranded you know uh uh you know know know know know know so it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really I really I really I I I I I I really I really I really appreciate you guys tuning in um like uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so and let's get back to business today. So I'm so I'm so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm making this video and podcast right well well well well well well so uh uh I mean after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds Rebounds Rebounds Rebounds Rebounds Rebounds and 10 assists on the Pelicans now um so like uh um that got got got got got got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports card market like so um um um um um um uh like and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards cards cards cards cards cards of you know you know so I mean I mean is right. Now Now Now Now Now Now that people can go out and buy based on what his base well um you know know know know know know I mean well prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film so you you you you you you know like so um television and everything in between when my clients come into the the the the the the color grading sweet to okay um I mean well okay work on their projects. They They They They They They sit on this color couch of mine for an um I mean so um well well well well well well hour a day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might might might might might might be directors like okay like uh uh writers producers or cinematographers. It varies it varies it it it it it it varies it varies it varies it varies considerably depending on the project now our our our our our our work. On uh uh I mean I mean okay the project we talked about a a a a a a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color so okay so um I mean but not not not not not not necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean you know. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast will talk about so well so um uh color from time to time, time, time, time, time, time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is this is this is this this this this this this is this is this is your One Stop Shop you know you know um um um um um um well you know for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking news coming out in the like uh well okay you know market, but want to to to to to to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson you know so well like like like like like like I mean what's going on sir? Not much not much not much not much not not not not not not much not much and I've got to say folks that was you know I I I I I I mean so like uh very impressive that he got all those words out because that was was was was was was his so um you know you know I mean fifth attempt and the first four times times times times times times all he was trying to say is hey you know okay okay um um um um um um I mean y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled it. We We We We We We this is uh uh um you know um a this is a one-take one-take one-take one-take one-take one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, it so okay okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man well so so so so so so okay uh so he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make you know um well you know um a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free free free free free free. How could you get so like you know I mean you know anything better at at at at at at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record like so so so so so so I mean uh um and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient anchor will also um you know I mean okay okay distribute your podcast for you you you you you you. So it so it so it so it so it so it can be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast uh you know uh okay uh and many more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership well uh well well well well well well like okay. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free free free free free free anchor app uh you know uh okay so or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored like uh like so um on FM to to to to to to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and um okay you you you you you you know um you know be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming coming coming coming coming coming at you week three, um like okay okay well but four you probably week one one one one one one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. It's been good. We're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting we're getting better though mistakes.
What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? um I I I I I I mean um uh uh And this is a sip and chill show Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the second episode. It is the so okay um so uh beginning of of of of of of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole so um like like like like like like you know so nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new new new new new new this week you know I mean I mean um um next week the following following following following following following week. You have you have you have you have you have you have a 30-something 30-something 30-something 30-something 30-something 30-something days and get your money up. And so I mean so like like like like like like uh yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my my my my my my March baby like uh you know um I mean. Shout out to all the birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode features features features features features features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener like like like like like like like well you know you know discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old old old old old old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo Maura okay well uh uh so stared in shock at at at at at at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him to so well okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door door door door door door flung open well like you know I mean um Aldo was lifted out of his his his his his his seat and dragged across the Narrow Street. He so I mean okay well well well well well well well shouted let me go. What do you want from me? But his but but but but but but his but his but his but his but his captors didn't I mean so so so so so so so okay well reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting Fiats and sped off. Inside uh so uh I mean so the car Aldo's kidnappers kidnappers kidnappers kidnappers kidnappers kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him I mean well so um um um um um um um then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we here we here here here here here here we here we here we here we are with the like okay uh well like like like like like like body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk good talk good talk talk talk talk talk talk good talk good talk good talk anyways, okay uh you know so uh alright, we're what what what what what what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate like you know know know know know know uh so I mean shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let Let Let Let Let Let them let them let them let them let them let them know but All okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know so okay right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind mind mind mind mind mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what you know like um um I mean we we we we we we talked about today today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna well uh like I mean well say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These These These These These These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, so we had people send.
Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen listen listen listen listen listen. Congratulations so you know so I mean okay on qualifying for your third Olympics. So So So So So So pretty cool to be going to 3, right okay well uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles you know okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay like kind of been different but really thrilled for this third third third third third third Olympics after each Olympics um I mean um so like. Do you take time to to to to to to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have how have have have have have have how have how have how have how have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast today's podcast today's podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast today's podcast today's podcast today's podcast is number 42 I mean like um well well well well well well so. Now, if now, if now, if now, if now, if now, if you've been following following following following following following us over the past couple of episodes you would uh um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay have noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, now, now, now, now, now, we've already well well uh I mean so had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked talked talked talked talked talked to us about praying daily. Then we um uh uh like like had Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay well like kind of continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the the the the the the mrs you know so so you know like. Camera. Joining us joining us joining us us us us us us joining us joining us joining us and she talks about the gift of hunger hunger hunger hunger hunger hunger. Now the Lord gives uh um okay you know like this to us as a a a a a a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean. So thank so thank so thank so thank so thank so thank you Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana for joining us right here with you guys. So your so your so your so so so so so so your so your so your mom like um okay like you know you're a loving loving loving loving loving loving wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time um well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean um. So you've so you've so you've so you've so you've so you've obviously spent spent spent spent spent spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well. So you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric uh so um um well elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bulletscom bulletscom bulletscom bulletscom bulletscom bulletscom. Pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in older like like okay okay um children defined as as as as as as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean so um you know other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment uh so I mean okay um is usually closed reduction followed followed followed followed followed followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated like like so so so so so so uh I mean fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow dislocations, make up three okay so um you know well to six percent percent percent percent percent percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is I mean okay like like like like like like okay you know 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in in in in in in 10 to 15 year olds. And I and I and I and I and I I I I I I and I mean you know okay well uh these are very rare in in in in in in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of like uh like well well well well well well okay a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as as as as as as far I mean uh okay well so as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy so well you know know know know know know I mean so. Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, all, all, all, all, all, I'd like I mean well um um well to introduce myself to those who don't don't don't don't don't don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified you know like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh well Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 40 40 40 40 40 I mean uh well you know so 50 patients a day and the office I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll still go to the hospital and usually have a you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical critical critical critical critical critical heal patients. So literally my um like well uh okay patients have been very very very very very very worried about the core virus and to be honest who well I mean mean mean mean mean mean um um so is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is is is is is is you know so um I mean like the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It is a platform that speaking of you know you know um uh you you you you you you know which uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to so so uh I mean um record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will you know so uh okay so distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple I mean okay uh like like like like like like like podcast and many more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum well uh well like okay listenership, and it's everything that you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one uh um you know like so place download the free anchor app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
Today is today is today is today is today is today is Monday and it's it's it's it's it's it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee so okay uh well I I I I I I mean. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we are we are we are we we we we we we are we are we even going to come up with a name name name name name name I mean so uh um I mean for this? We'll get started right after after after after after after this a lot of stream coach clients um I mean I mean so well well well well well well and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So So So So So So this okay so uh um uh is something that is interesting for you. Let Let Let Let Let Let me talk to you well well okay I mean so about my favorite platform platform platform platform platform platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean um um it's free. There are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right I mean um well like like from your phone. Or your computer. The The The The The The first the first the first the first the first the first episode episode episode episode episode episode of this podcast was actually recorded um um uh like like on my phone phone phone phone phone phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working uh you know you know know know know know know okay uh for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify I mean uh uh I mean you know Apple podcasts like 12 others at this this this this this this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
Starting a starting a starting a starting a starting a starting a business is is is is is is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a like so uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in in in in in in with enough experience uh um okay I mean okay experience of 26 years. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here to guide you join me as I go along uh you know know know know know know I mean okay you know you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which Which Which Which Which Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have hey, have hey, have hey, have hey, have have have have have have hey, have uh so well so um you heard about anchor dot? F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've uh um um um uh been been been been been been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it engine. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh like oh like oh like oh like oh like oh like like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay um when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
Hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, welcome back back back back back back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the lovely okay uh um like like like like like like okay Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is a well well well well well well well so so I mean fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition and I wanted to bring so like okay uh um her in today because because because because because because I am getting so many questions about ways to optimize okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly frankly frankly frankly frankly frankly. I don't feel qualified so like um um I mean to talk to about that but I I I I I I do think that Kathleen has a um you know you know okay like wealth of of of of of of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone so well well well well well well I mean okay okay. Sure Joy. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am a like well well well well well well like well I mean mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and and and and and and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of like like like like like like I mean you know okay you know days and days. I'm your your your your your your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right um like like like um um um um um um is called Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals gals gals gals gals gals to um I mean okay you know well his right is Omar. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys hey guys hey guys hey guys hey guys hey guys and Owens right is cow, cow, cow, cow, cow, cow, Bloomfield well okay I mean um like. How's it going? There? It is and behind behind behind behind behind behind me is roommate cow with okay um so well uh if you can can can can can can hear him. I don't know if you guys can hear him you know you you you you you you know um uh um. And then tonight we welcome on a very very special special special special special special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our probably our probably our probably our probably our probably our number one.
Hello, everyone. You are you are you are you are you are you are listening to to to to to to walk your truth. I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I have my homegirl my uh I mean um you know I mean boo my my my my my my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's good? good good good good good well like well uh okay It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are are are are are are. Like, what do you do so well okay I mean so like what U into into into into into into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I I I I I I yeah, I yeah, I do well um like like you know. I don't I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't like to limit too much with the the the the the the words. But um, but um, but um, but um, but um, but um, I kind kind kind kind kind kind of do uh um I mean you know so a little bit of everything everything everything everything everything everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm mhm mhm mhm mhm mhm amongst mhm amongst other I mean uh so I mean well things yoga yoga yoga yoga yoga yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you here girl. Yeah, well well well well well well well I mean so like you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself myself myself myself myself myself. I make I mean okay um okay well candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually actually actually actually actually actually I'm in the process of making medicine to yeah, like so you know um I I I I I I mean and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you I mean okay so so so so so so like well doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do do do do do do you well uh so like so want to talk about today? We got a a a a a a breakdown. I know there's not much okay okay okay you know like stock boat boat boat boat boat boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / you know well well well well well well uh well I mean comeback kids come back. You know what that game room room room room room room. Okay, I believe off the where so so I mean I mean well we we we we we we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house well well well well well well okay okay so like like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked sucked sucked sucked sucked sucked back in. Yep. And then you know okay okay you know I mean I I I I I I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is well okay you you you you you you know um you know fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that that that that that that podcast. I was I was I was I was I was I was you know okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know uh like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt too many times by these um so okay okay you know guys, but by by by by by by the end of that podcast we switched but I was still you know um um um um um um okay I mean so whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back back back back back back. I'm proud. I'm uh you know so um um not fully back. They've sucked me me me me me me in that Columbus game. Got me got me got me got me got got got got got got me got me back uh uh okay well you know to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring the first of two episodes on the so so so so so so like okay um you know big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 87 87 87 87 87 people perished in okay so uh I mean so a horrific two-day wildfire that that that that that that burned three million Acres. It would change the way people looked I mean you know know know know know know so so um at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the us us us us us us. Forest service like okay so like you know to hear more episodes like this follow follow follow follow follow follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you you know like okay well you know get get get get get get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution I mean uh I mean um so is advised for listeners under 13 13 13 13 13 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger okay like like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge ridge ridge ridge ridge ridge like I mean okay well I mean above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, I mean well you you you you you you know so um and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked talked talked talked talked talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked about getting started the well well well well well well you know you know so so painting that I talked about last week. I have have have have have have finished and now I'm sharing all well so okay so uh the tips and techniques techniques techniques techniques techniques techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean so like when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and and and and and and finishing this podcast is like so you know okay um brought to you by by by by by by my online class layer by layer where you will see well you know know know know know know um you know so Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So So So So So So if so if so if so if so if so if you'd like to to to to to to like like um okay um see that process head on over to Laura horn artcom artcom artcom artcom artcom artcom. Forward slash classes click on layer I mean uh um I mean well by by by by by by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon the coupon the the the the the the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon is 20 in Feb um uh okay like like like like like like so 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on that class class class class class class up to like okay I mean I mean uh the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether Whether Whether Whether Whether Whether this um I mean so you know I mean is your first time tuning in in in in in in or you're returning guest. Thank you um like I mean I mean you know know know know know know so much for your support. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your I'm your I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining uh so well well well well well well well you know me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today today today today today today. Cody. Remember, uh um like like um excuse me. If you're new here, you you you you you you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is um well okay you know okay. It's It's It's It's It's It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline we outline we outline we outline outline outline outline outline outline we outline we outline all things. Faucets related so okay uh like um we talked to to to to to to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, uh uh uh uh uh uh like well you know so we just kind of cover it all remember if if if if if if you need Wheels tires suspension you know I mean like you know like custom custom custom custom custom custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head on over okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay like um to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just just just just just just launched a okay I mean I mean I mean um new giveaway yesterday and it's it's it's it's it's it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host well so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Doyle an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a a a a a a fucking well like I mean so like week yesterday was it was sick the the the the the the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got okay um okay you know you know know know know know know with us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? so well I I I I I I mean well um Now but yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who who who who who who wants cavity was um like well so okay on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain pain pain pain pain pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you so okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that that that that that that sure was well like you know I mean uh it was if you you you you you you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
You have you have you have you have you have you have not heard about about about about about about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast I mean so um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record record record record record record like well like well like and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or or or or or or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for well okay uh um like you. So it so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it can be heard on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you okay I mean I mean um so so so so so so can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything you need uh well um okay uh to make a podcast in one place place place place place place. I want I want I want I want I want I want to to to to to to ask you a question. Are um are um are um are um are um are are are are are are um so so I mean you know you living the life you want to to to to to to live? Everybody has everybody has everybody has everybody has everybody has everybody has a dream dream dream dream dream dream life. We um um um so um all have that picture in our our our our our our mind not that life. You want to live my so well uh uh uh uh uh uh um so question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would would would would would would so you know so uh well say no. Well why the answers are often often often often often often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's so I mean okay okay so too hard. It It It It It It doesn't seem feasible. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have have have have have have those kind of opportunities. I well I mean okay okay so don't have it it it it it it in me. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on on on on on on the go I mean uh I mean so I mean Hi, this is me me me me me me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving I mean well um so so so so so so so. Once upon once upon once upon once upon once upon once upon a time in in in in in in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He I mean like well okay okay okay okay okay okay uh had received an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he so he so so so so so so he so he so he so he booked his ticket but um like like okay so so so so so so due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport. As a as a as a as a as a as a uh um so so so so so so so uh frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his his his his his his preferred seat um well well uh I mean for him. On the day of his his his his his his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment podcast the well I mean um like um art of empowerment podcasts or photographers photographers photographers photographers photographers photographers who want to see a change in our industry I mean okay so you know I I I I I I mean who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become become become become become become part of a well well well um like community that elevates each other and makes a a a a a a true and lasting impact on this world. Are uh like uh you know I mean you you you you you you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here I'm here here here here here here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here today with I mean well well well well well well like so um a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never called called called called called called you um so well like like Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your your your your your your last name right? You did um so like uh so. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and and and and and and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, let's start there well you know so like you know know know know know know. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard editing um uh uh uh uh uh uh like so I mean and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
Hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my name is is is is is is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our leadership so I mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh okay series for 2020 for international women's day as part part part part part part of this series. We've sat so well um so okay down with some some some some some some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what um well so so so so so so you know um makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign campaign campaign campaign campaign campaign for international women's okay uh uh I mean okay day. We hope you enjoy the the the the the the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode. We okay you know know know know know know okay um you know sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the the the the the the Davidson group Jackie has over you know you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean um 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them being in senior senior senior senior senior senior like uh uh uh okay leadership roles. I also I also I also also also also also also I also I also I also had the privilege of working with Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie at Chandler MacLeod okay uh I mean I mean I mean. We hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of of of of TV talk uh okay um you know you know now. It was the buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new um I mean uh I mean um um um um um um gossip. I cannot I cannot I cannot I cannot I cannot I cannot wait to just just just just just just Dive Right into yeah. It's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like it's like it's like a super show you know okay well um I mean. We have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have so much new to get get get get get get through so much gossip II just you know uh like you know well well well well well well they stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree um um um um um um well I mean like like and to my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden Bowden Bowden Bowden Bowden Bowden. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back guys and I I I I I I mean well uh uh I mean Daddy love having you here. So So So So So So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's like you know so I I I I I I mean well start with AB pulp. Well, let's well, let's well, let's well, let's well, well, well, well, well, well, let's well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you so you so you so you you you you you you so you so you guys prayers up like I mean um um um. First of of of of of of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around so you you you you you you know well you know um the world. It's time for the only podcast like like like like like like at the mound rigid with your um you know I mean I mean well well well well well well host other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about you know know know know know know I mean well I mean uh the start of any number two. And And And And And And before we get going we want to give uh uh I mean well I I I I I I mean a big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the the the the the the premier you know I mean um you know you know enhance quality catching equipment. If you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're looking to enhance your receiving receiving receiving receiving receiving receiving game going over to so so well like uh their website wwwultratrustcom wwwultratrustcom wwwultratrustcom wwwultratrustcom wwwultratrustcom wwwultratrustcom. Star sports.com and you will find an array of great training gloves so okay um you you you you you you know so anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or or or or or or even the so um um you know you know glove that was designed by by by by by by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite like so so uh um um um um um um Welcome to our weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you I I I I I I mean like so so um Ace your a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You You You You You You might also find this podcast like you know well I mean you know helpful to to to to to to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered um so so so so so so I mean well uh surveyor, this week's blog. We take a look. Six year rule rule rule rule rule rule clarifying what this might like so like so uh mean for you and your EPC EPC EPC EPC EPC EPC we've been asked about this many times. So like so like so like so like like like like like like so like so like you know well so so we now have official official official official official official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you like like well uh um um um um um um firstly. What is what is what is what is what is what is the six-year six-year six-year six-year six-year six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like. It states that when you enroll as a candidate you you you you you you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
This is this is this is this is this is this is Ottoman and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the time we um okay you you you you you you know um you know do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us us us us us us. In fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, even uh uh uh uh uh uh so so uh you know this physical body which appears to be in physical form form form form form form is essentially energy because um I mean uh so um if you break down all all all all all all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells like uh so um uh into into into into into into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are Energies. They They They They They They are a you know well you know like you know form of energy your your your your your your body is in energy. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi like like like like like like you know like like I mean. The run the run the run the run the the the the the the run the run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to to to to to to transform I mean so like you know um your training to reach your goals. We We We We We We ask all the expert run coaches well so uh I mean so and athletes the the the the the the questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we like I mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh so will get the inside scoop on what really makes you the the the the the the best athlete that like um um so I mean you can be. Have you ever ever ever ever ever ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how like okay well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean did they get so fast well, This podcast is for you. We are going going going going going going to okay okay okay you know so do a deep dive to reveal the secrets secrets secrets secrets secrets secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner well okay you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean. How to how to how to how to how to how to gain endurance running running running running running running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a I mean um uh I mean so so so so so so previous background in a robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have have have have have have an aerobic um you know okay like I mean base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some some some some some some have been through I mean so like um well multiple exits others. This This This This This This is a first-time kind of thing, but they all have one common okay okay okay okay okay okay like like um um thread which is they know where there's a pain in in in in in in sports or Esports. They okay they okay they okay they okay they okay they okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay uh like know they have a solution for that and they know that that that that that that there are people willing to pay uh like well I mean um for that that that that that that pain to go away. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening listening listening listening listening listening to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology I mean you know well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom okay you you you you you you know I mean uh uh salome's great to have you joining us. Once Once Once Once Once Once again, we've got a really insightful and like uh um uh like interesting discussion today today today today today today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia uh well so uh uh uh uh uh uh well is a global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage early-stage early-stage early-stage early-stage early-stage investments in sports so I mean I mean so I mean and Esports. They've They've They've They've They've They've had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including so I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um you know five successful exits, and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a okay okay okay okay okay okay so um okay okay Lisa Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and author author author author author author um I mean um well um but most importantly an astrologer and she's she's she's she's she's she's not any astrologer. She is she is she is she is she is she she she she she she is the resident astrologer well um I mean okay like of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's She's She's She's She's She's written two books working on a third. She's basically like the hottest Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro Astro um um you know well um bitch and the planet because like if if if if if if I'm gonna bring you guys some astrology um so I mean uh um um um um um um It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can ever have have have have have have so she you know um you know um I mean is a weekly podcast stars like like like like like like us that I just was on she read I mean okay like okay okay my my my my my my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers it's Chompers it's Chompers it's it's it's it's it's it's Chompers it's Chompers it's Chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh like so show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one one one one one one side and brush the inside you know okay um okay well the outside and and and and and and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and tonight's so so uh uh uh uh uh uh um like heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black black black black black black women all over well well uh well I mean America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but but but but but but before she was Madame CJ Walker, she had a like uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had sarah had sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah sarah had sarah had sarah had sarah had a okay well so like uh uh uh uh uh uh hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson you you you you you you know like well so I mean today. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona escalona escalona escalona escalona escalona about shift in the mindset to I mean well like uh so help you achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's learn let's apply and um uh you know like so let's Inspire Inspire Inspire Inspire Inspire Inspire. Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have so well well well well well well I mean I mean you know been for many years. Now. Did that spark appear appear appear appear appear appear very early on in your um um so like you know life or did did did did did did it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I um like well well okay was was was was was was about 6 and yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals I I I I I I mean well so um like in general and yeah sat on my first horse horse horse horse horse horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope hope hope hope hope hope like you know well okay um y'all are growing in your faith some from from from from from from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, like okay uh I mean well well well well well well so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash smash smash smash smash smash the Subscribe button you know you know uh okay like. If you loved us us us us us us then that would be so sweet of you. If you if you if you if you you you you you you if you if you I mean okay so you know like could smash the the the the the the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets the you know uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well so message out to more people with the way the algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm works. Anyways you know um okay uh like now, let me introduce my lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh well I mean okay well well well well well well I mean. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something about that, you know know know know know know um okay well uh right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just just just just just just like I'm a skip to um okay so so well 20 seconds. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still on our uh uh um um um um um um well you know demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here here here here here here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to discuss legalism and the.
So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys guys guys guys guys guys haven't okay uh so you know um heard of it definitely easy way to make make make make make make a podcast because one it's free well well I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean and there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and um um um um um um you know you know you know I mean edit your podcast right from your your your your your your phone and computer and anchor is just all you know I mean um um um um um um I mean so around hassle-free. And once and once and once and once and once and once once once once once once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify uh okay I mean you you you you you you know uh Apple podcasts, so you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here here here here here here and just like I mean well okay well sharing your Yes. Thank you you you you you you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may um well well uh uh know know know know know know me as tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate um um um um um um okay like so you know an Excel as a minority in Academia, but more more more more more more specifically students in physics because we you know like well I mean so so so so so so know that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host um um um um um um okay uh uh okay Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of of of of of of an intro for the podcast you know like well okay you know in in in in in in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be be be be be be I mean well well uh um about for those who don't know what the the the the the the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit I mean I mean you know uh like about about about about about about our community. And yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's kind of go through the basics before so like so uh uh we get get get get get get any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not you know so so so so so so like um like necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their their their their their their more like well so you know so the views and opinions of the guests and and and and and and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Murph this week week week week week week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan I mean I mean you know well well well well well well you know former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and and and and and and he gave so so okay I mean I mean us 40 minutes of his time time time time time time to really cover, you know, some solid tips uh you know I mean okay like and and and and and and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they you you you you you you know you know uh you know I mean can A&R their own own own own own own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career how you know you know know know know know know uh like you know they can start to, you know, reach out to you you you you you you know, bigger and uh uh well well um ours and work with a and and and and and and ours at labels as well. So so this is a well uh uh you know uh great great great great great great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are I mean mean mean mean mean mean well so you know uh looking for more information on how Studio talk can can can can can can help you out. Check us so okay well so I mean out at Studio talking talking talking talking talking talking dotco. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up guys? guys guys guys guys guys This is Eric McClellan former A&R okay well like um you know at Warner Warner Warner Warner Warner Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo you know uh like like like like like like okay like peep this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today today today today today today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm your well well well well well well okay I mean you know well host Chris Ferrara and we have a great great great great great great show in store for you so well like like you know today. Today. We're going going going going going going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk so uh well well well well well well like uh about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me me me me me me a first-hand animator uh you know uh uh like and one of my dear friends and and and and and and Rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody look guys Andrew you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay and me had been talking about how we could get him on the the the the the the podcast uh so so well uh and stuff. He wanted to talk about and and and and and and me and Andrew always talk about like uh you know well so animated films. So So So So So So we thought this would be you know, the perfect category to kind okay like like like like like like like um so of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick five okay uh uh okay well minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of of of of of of you who have been listening to me um you know like okay um for a a a a a a while have been following me on the internet out there in the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know like social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the the the the the the concept of experience trumps like like okay uh uh everything actually created a hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not um um you know know know know know know I mean so skipping a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining gaining gaining gaining gaining gaining experience. If you if you if you if you if you if you okay I I I I I I mean you know so well plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your your your your your your skills as a nurse uh I mean okay I mean I mean you need need need need need need experience. There is there is there is there is there is there is nothing there there there there there there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave everyone Dave everyone Dave everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone Dave everyone Dave everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay score last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating defeating defeating defeating defeating defeating the Houston okay like okay so like Rockets just a waste of time of of of of of of us trying to win so we well so like you know like like like like like like can get a higher spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh I mean you know the first but anyway, it's a lottery lottery lottery lottery lottery lottery best will gods have turned their back I mean like uh so um on us us us us us us besides the point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update um um um um um um uh uh like well Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I had two of of of of of of them. I sold one of them for a uh like um you know know know know know know like hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had had had had had had this okay um okay so you know card for $125 for the longest time time time time time time and I took it off because I was afraid um like um like like like like like like like that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
Hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your your your your your your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank uh thank uh thank uh thank uh uh uh uh uh uh thank uh thank uh um well um I mean you so much for listening listening listening listening listening listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over okay uh well uh uh to to to to to to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and um well okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um browse some pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up up up up up up or even go to I mean like like so like our patreon page page page page page page and see what how you can support us monthly. We love I mean uh like well like like like like like like bringing you awesome content just as much As you like listening to you know uh um um um um um um okay uh it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so glad you could join us. I hope you uh you know know know know know know you know I mean so brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in so so so so so so uh uh I mean uh the woods with DDS a thank you guys so so so so so so much for tuning in and we look um I mean like so you know forward forward forward forward forward forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, alrighty guys, alrighty guys, alrighty alrighty alrighty alrighty alrighty alrighty guys, alrighty guys, alrighty guys, thank you so much you know I mean so so so so so so uh uh for tuning in again. This is the first episode of in in in in in in the woods like so uh you know um with EDSA. So bear with us us us us us us and we plan to get better at you know um so like I mean each each each each each each one of these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different different different different different different well I mean well you know okay different guest on the show each week. We We We We We We have a trio of different co-hosts I mean I mean well you you you you you you know so that are going to be going to be helping out and joining us us us us us us the so so you know I mean like first of which is my very very very very very very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how so like uh so I mean are are are are are are you? What was going on? Everybody just everybody just everybody just everybody just everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody just everybody just happy to be here. He's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny Vinny Vinny Vinny Vinny Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just here to I mean well so so so so so so okay well let you guys know that anchor is the best way to to to to to to make a podcast online. If so well uh you know uh you're looking to make make make make make make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast I mean so I I I I I I mean so like. It gives you everything you need in one place for free, free, free, free, free, free, which you can use uh um so so uh right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer creation tools allows you to record and okay like so okay uh edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for you so um uh like um um um um um um uh it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and and and and and and many more you okay you know okay um like can easily make money from your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. That's right. You can okay uh so like like like like like like so make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can make money I I I I I I mean so so I mean like from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I guess I guess I guess guess guess guess guess guess I guess I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing um uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean like probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time time time time time time Now I mean uh okay well well if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to tell you that he's staying okay you know like like so put but if if if if if if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it just you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh well doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has has has has has has been in the NFL uh I mean I mean you know um for just about about about about about about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't so okay um so um make make make make make make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean it doesn't make sense to me for this man the go go go go go go out and play for um like uh um you know another team at 43 years years years years years years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just it just it just it just it just it just doesn't make sense for.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get get get get get get like so um I mean like you going. All you have to do is go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get like like so uh uh started and and and and and and you know what? It's totally free just download the free well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on on on on on on your way um like uh uh okay to your own podcast. You can can can can can can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want I mean so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay um to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever you want to I mean okay you know well uh make it about. It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the get so I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well well the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in in in in in in you on your way uh like uh well um. He's not he's not he's not not not not not not he's not he's not he's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor well uh I mean uh you know its easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's so um um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your you know I mean like like so phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it could be so I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I mean heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from from from from from from your so like you know um well podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a a a a a a podcast all in one place I mean well uh uh you know. So download download download download download download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FMcom um um uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um. To get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight we're going to you know um so you know you know talk about a meme meme meme meme meme meme and it's not just a meme in the sense I mean well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of an image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look into into into into into into you know uh you know like well it understand that nothing. I say I I I I I I say I say I say I say I say tonight should be taken as as as as as as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam alongside Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam Kaplan Adam um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get get get get get get uh I mean well well well enough free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, yeah, you know what you left you know I mean um uh uh like we we we we we we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a well well well well well well you know so so okay record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we we we we we we were in Indianapolis. We okay so uh well um did our free agency agency agency agency agency agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously so obviously so obviously so obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously so obviously so obviously um well I mean like so we both a new especially especially especially especially especially especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop I mean like you you you you you you know um okay. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it it it it it it and that people well okay I mean you know so really listen so that was was was was was was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, you you you you you you know um uh um I mean but it's confusing because we release the last last last last last last two episodes out of order. When one I mean okay so well well one three two two two two two two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are we we we we we we you know I mean you know uh you know gonna get through this as as as as as as a group? I think I think that all hate mail to okay uh um like um um um um um um at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an avant-garde movie where where where where where where like so I mean um so they Least like where it's like they don't show show show show show show you the current timeline like Witcher um you know I mean so okay. I've hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of order. I'm playing uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean so would you right now? It's ruining my life life life life life life. It is ruining your life. Yeah, you you know I mean so so so so so so so okay get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So what what what what what what are your you know um um so so biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and and and and and and now which are you like medieval don't you I do um well like I I I I I I mean uh. What about war? What about what about what about what about what what what what what what about what about like like guns big fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little little little little little little idea um like well well like how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We use we use we use we use we use we use the anchor uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well like dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many many many many many many different platforms so so I mean well uh. There's creation tools to allowed you you you you you you to record and edit podcast right from your okay you know okay I mean like like like like like like phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the like like like like like like I mean I mean so well free anchor app to get started. This segment segment segment segment segment segment this segment this segment this segment this segment this segment is brought to you by jig jig jig jig jig jig Master jigs when well like you know uh uh in doubt get the the the the the the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean like like. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to another another another another another another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we like uh uh so well raised a a a a a a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We I I I I I I mean um you know you know so are going to take you on a journey journey journey journey journey journey blank to the Future and before you so uh uh like like and ask where we we we we we we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good thing well well well well well well okay well so I mean because you're not going to get them here at at at at at at least not in like okay I mean so I mean this episode kind kind kind kind kind kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the uh well um you know know know know know know um Past tear up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like like like like like like myself, too. 80s um well so well uh film references and of course I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm talking about the likes of a Macos okay like like so okay Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso brace which Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many okay okay okay okay okay okay so um like so ways he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things um well well well well well well uh I mean so Animal Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon uh uh um well well patrons today Sergio and and and and and and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions like like so so so so so so so so talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and you know um um um um um um like you know um there will be a very special interview with Great Great Great Great Great Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience like okay I mean you know I mean playing Animal Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How uh how uh how uh uh uh uh uh uh how uh how uh how uh I mean okay well like you doing? Hello. Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really you know okay so so so so so so like okay productive week. But in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of of of of of of weight like I mean okay I mean um. It's been filled with a lot lot lot lot lot lot of news and then I also got some amiibo you know so well like like like like like like like cards. I mean putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great great great great great great week. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to to to to to to say like um so like um thank you a very very big thank you for for for for for for tuning in today. I am going to like I mean uh like um focus on on on on on on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very close to my my my my my my you know well I mean um so heart. It's a very sensitive topic and and and and and and I just decided today that you know my needed um you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay like to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously I I I I I I mean so I mean okay I mean a lot of people have been talking about about about about about about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host um so so so so so so well well so Luke Aven. I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want want want want want want to well like so uh well say thank you to everyone who has been been been been been been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging so I mean uh well um on Instagram following following following following following following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So um um um um um um well well okay like thank you to everyone today. We're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going we're going we're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League action action action action action action so you know so so okay and the repercussions of everything everything everything everything everything everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest uh like like like okay okay okay okay okay okay story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know I mean I mean a disappointing loss to be honest. The first first first first first first the first the first the first the first the first loss that you go go go go go go off is 3-nil you know okay so um I mean against walk further further further further further further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media a a a a a a uh uh well you know okay weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the the the the the the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings to well uh um okay well help you and and and and and and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding Porter I mean mean mean mean mean mean um um you know well and as you might have heard last week, we're we're we're we're we're we're working on a brand new 10 well uh so like well times version of the science science science science science science of social media. We can't wait to share it uh okay well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit revisit revisit revisit revisit revisit a really I mean like well well well Popular episode on microcopy copywriting copywriting copywriting copywriting copywriting copywriting is one of the most essential skills for a I mean um um um um um um um well okay marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog blog blog blog blog blog posts and especially on social uh you know so like I mean media in in in in in in this episode. We'll give you the tools to write exceptional copy like like um I I I I I I mean okay for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a a a a a a like I mean um uh uh daily devotional where we dig into God's God's God's God's God's God's word and explore what it means to live like like well so uh with. Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here you know so so so so so so you know you know I mean in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going we're going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going to start this section section section section section section in verses well I mean um so you know 1 through 4 today 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know um you know you know know know know know know you know you know that if the tent that is our Earthly home is is is is is is destroyed. We have a building uh um I mean like um from God a a a a a a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this uh I I I I I I mean you know okay well tent we groan longing to put on our our our our our our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it on well you know um uh well well well well well well we may not be found naked for while we are still in this tent tent tent tent tent tent we um I mean like like um groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to like like like like like like um uh I mean like talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app app app app app app that I use well you know you know like I mean to record record record record record record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent like like like like like like like so I mean okay free and it allows you to use tools that that that that that that allow you to record and edit so you know okay um I mean your podcast straight straight straight straight straight straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with okay um so so so so so so I mean I mean friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor and go will then like okay I mean you know like distribute your podcast for you you you you you you so I can be heard on Spotify app a um uh okay okay um um um um um um podcast and many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast well um um um um um um you know you know you know with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to make a podcast in one I mean well okay I mean uh place place place place place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get so well well well well well well well um you know started. Before I start this podcast, I just want to let let let let let let you guys know if you um uh okay like like are listening to this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going okay I mean well well well well well well well uh through the left here. I want to believe because that's just the way way way way way way my like okay like I mean I mean my whole setup. It works I I I I I I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach teach teach teach teach teach data, uh well uh so uh we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable downloadable downloadable downloadable downloadable downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms um so um like well to make your classroom classroom classroom classroom classroom classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers hey teachers hey teachers hey teachers hey hey hey hey hey hey teachers hey teachers for on here like um okay well um. Thanks so thanks so thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so much for listening to For the Love of of of of of of teaching. Please rate and review you know I mean uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I mean okay like you know know know know know know um you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has um um um um um um like so like well used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful students she's okay uh so well um a huge fan of the daily 5 and and and and and and she documents her students learnings um you know so um you know on on on on on on her Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has been a uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay um so game-changer for her and her students. My students came to to to to to to school on the well like you know I mean I mean second day day day day day day and they were like, when are we doing daily 5 and so okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean that for me I was just sold so I knew it was worth worth worth worth worth worth uh um like uh well it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are how are are are are are are how are how are how are how are you know so so so so so so so so um you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me me me me me me even happier so like okay um you know. Well, I told you we can't keep doing doing doing doing doing doing that. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a conflict of interest interest interest interest interest interest. Oh I mean you know so I mean so get your mind out of of of of of of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that now you know uh uh well well well well well well uh. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into the foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign I mean uh um well uh exchange program that she is that she she she she she she is but it's gonna take a pretty like well I mean like you know hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after after after after after after. You know okay well you know okay so why they call her her her her her her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of well so well well well well well well so um them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not 20 20 20 20 20 20 minutes okay like so so so later scored a 96 on our our our our our our biology midterm. Just shy just shy just shy just shy just shy just shy of of of of of of an A+. Look point look point look point look point look point look point okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know um I mean is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not about to give her up for a I mean well um um so so so so so so pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog dog dog dog dog dog so um okay well you know will be a great fit in the halls of of of of of of our school and coming I mean okay so uh okay to Barcelona will be an an an an an an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Lara Cisco um you know you know well so Kid metal. Whoa. Um Um Um Um Um Um we um we um we um we um we um we want to share share share share share share with you guys the Jack Welsh passed okay well well I mean uh away away away away away away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person with with with with with with a okay so uh so you know beautiful leadership. His leadership was base base base base base base is all about your team. It's all about the uh you know okay well well well well well well well people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share share share share share share with you um I mean well you know so guys. The fact that I I I I I I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say okay uh okay uh um Super Super Super Super Super Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and I I I I I I mean okay uh okay I mean it's all about what we have built and where where where where where where we were going. He's other he's other he's other he's other he's other he's he's he's he's he's he's other portion I mean I mean um so well of his leadership is scouting on on on on on on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation you know well uh um uh coming up today. And for and for and for for for for for for and for and for and for me, I stress it that period in my my my my my my life. I bucked I bucked I bucked I bucked I bucked I bucked like like like like like like okay um so um Authority. I can I can I can I can can can can can can I can I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so so so so so so uh well well like you know if any teacher a male teacher specially came came came came came came to me and said, oh you should um well like uh I I I I I I mean be making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking looking looking looking looking looking things um okay you know okay I mean. I would just feel said that. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug okay okay I mean um um um um um um uh. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first first first first first first in a uh well so um okay series of very special live episodes recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded right here at the Armory show okay um well you know well in New York York York York York York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to I mean mean mean mean mean mean well um well so check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And And And And And And we managed um I mean I mean okay you know to NAB ourselves a a a a a a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're like okay well um um um um um um uh listening to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes Sykes Sykes Sykes Sykes Sykes. Thank I mean okay well uh I mean you for tuning in again for another another another another another another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery like uh like okay like. If this if if if if if if this if this if this if this if this is your first time listening to the the the the the the podcast shame on you start well well well so like from the fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to so um um um um um um um okay well rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but but but but but but you should pour um okay well um you know yourself a drink because I I I I I I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean so so my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several several several several several several months and you know uh well um I mean I absolutely love it. If you if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make you know so like uh you know a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record uh um like um um um um um um like and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will even well so okay uh so distribute your podcast for you so so so so so so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple um you know I mean you know know know know know know well podcast and many more you can even make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no well like um like um minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. All you have okay well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to uh like uh well you know get started. I got a question about extended extended extended extended extended extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd and I'd and I'd and I'd and I'd and I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you like uh well well well well well well like so haven't heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your get your your your your your your get your get your get your get your life together, I mean um so well like like like like like like but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make a podcast I mean uh you know like uh and I will elaborate first of of of of of of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's like um um um so creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from well so so so so so so like um okay your phone or your computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about about about about about about I mean um um uh I mean that therefore, I'm doing it from my my my my my my phone. In addition to that it doesn't end here you know uh um um well guys guys guys guys guys guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can so can so can can can can can can so can so can so can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts um um you you you you you you know you know well and many more row many more dude. You'll be getting your your your your your your clout and so like I mean like you know your coin you can make money from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which like you know you know like you you you you you you know is awesome for me because I probably had your listeners right now okay like like like like like like so okay I mean and it's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay well um night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and and and and and and brush so like I mean so I mean a little circles all the way around each each each each each each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero like like I mean like I I I I I I mean is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? Bridge Bridge Bridge Bridge Bridge The Brooklyn um uh um like um Bridge is a giant bridge in New York City City City City City City the goes over a big river and uh um like um I mean it's beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each like like like like like like like I mean like uh year and take pictures of it. And one of of of of of of the main people who helped I mean okay well um okay build that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update so uh I mean um um um um um um uh on the John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand four hundred you know well um okay I mean twenty seven cases worldwide 300 300 300 300 300 300. I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry 3116 3116 3116 3116 3116 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the well okay I mean like um United States. We We We We We We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not we're not we're not we're not we're we're we're we're we're we're not we're not at one. 102 cases confirmed well uh like uh uh with six six six six six six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had any deaths deaths deaths deaths deaths deaths uh so like so well in California. And so there might be something specific look going going going going going going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from um okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know you know our villains podcast. He was he was he was he he he he he he was he was he was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end end end end end end of the 1920s um well okay so okay. He was one of the most feared feared feared feared feared feared Mobsters inside and outside the criminal underworld well well like like uh to hear more more more more more more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or wherever you like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of of of of of of New York uh uh you know okay so City sits one of the most notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921 uh I mean well I mean so. The The The The The The criminals the criminals the criminals the criminals the criminals the criminals imprisoned there with a a a a a a worst of the worst many of them were there so okay well well I I I I I I mean for Life others for death by that time. The electric the electric the electric the electric electric electric electric electric electric the electric the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation situation situation situation situation situation well like uh okay okay right here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that that that that that that touches on breakup stories that okay well um I mean okay people would like to to to to to to talk about with your view to give lessons that they um so uh you you you you you you know like learned from their experiences. We hope we hope we hope we hope we we we we we we hope we hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful you know know know know know know well um um you know given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about about about about about about today. Now in this episode. We so okay so well uh are outside the great city city city city city city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where but uh so um um um um um um I mean I mean it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather weather weather weather weather weather. Lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows cheese okay so I I I I I I mean like um it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. People kind well um um like so of Penny but this is next level. I am am am am am am not used to this. How'd you well uh um so you know guys cope? cope cope cope cope cope There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's so I I I I I I mean well uh like not even go there. So this has been a a a a a a meeting that's been in the making you know you know like you know know know know know know like for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about about about about about about uh like well like uh the world of True Crime letting you dive dive dive dive dive dive even deeper into some of the most I mean like uh like um notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring we're we're we're we're we're we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring you know you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected collected collected collected collected collected okay well uh well well short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals Originals Originals Originals Originals Originals to help us explore ideas like like so um well. Ideas, like motivation method method method method method method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime so I mean I mean so so so so so so um world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you um like I mean so so listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we we we we we we used will be posted in the description well you know like I mean you know know know know know know today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
Right this right this right this right this right this right this podcast is going going going going going going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard okay okay uh I mean uh and John John John John John John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to well okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh okay be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in in in in in in the medieval period things were very different so okay okay uh like in regards regards regards regards regards regards to how people lived. So most people in England lived and you know okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean um worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless unless unless unless unless unless you were rich okay I mean like like um life was at actually a pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle you know okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean to survive and live tended to be very short for so for I mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean okay you know those people within a medieval village, you're looking at a a a a a a life expectancy I mean like well so uh as low as 25 and if you're you're you're you're you're you're lucky as high as 40 So a you know you know okay okay so so so so so so medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn you know uh um I mean like and brains. So this week we have a really really really really really really interesting guest. His name is uh you know I mean uh like Zach so up, up, up, up, up, up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know uh actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year year year year year year before he revealed himself as I mean so uh like so the Nittany Lion because because because because because because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part well you know you you you you you you know okay I mean of said that the The line was actually in our our our our our our major. So I so I so I so I so I so I had a a a a a a uh um um um like little heads-up who is going to be but not really a a a a a a lot of people uh uh I mean well I mean have had classes Zach and and and and and and I were new so that was kind of cool um well I mean like um a a a a a a Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and and and and and and uh uh you know you know you know a few months ago during football football football football football football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool uh well okay okay you know know know know know know. You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my my my my my my well well uh okay so name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having having having having having having the I mean so uh um so massively same put you, you know, we're we're we're we're we're we're back to say they will intro there um well I mean like like like like like like um but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the the the the the the toffee Blues. It's you know I mean I mean well um all be in in in in in in America about a cat America and this week. I'm you uh I mean so well so so so so so so know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on to well well well well well well uh I mean okay um talk about that shortly. It's light its which and big big big big big big old Mitch and we've well uh uh like okay got quite a lot of topics topics topics topics topics topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always do I mean mean mean mean mean mean um well I mean uh talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may you may may may may may may you may you may you may you may see that I've barely got I I I I I I mean so okay I mean like a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your your your your your your host I mean uh um okay okay and each week. I'll be bringing you you you you you you all the tips and tools you need to raise uh you know okay I I I I I I mean uh that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life. So you're you're you're you're you're you're you know um okay you know okay ready. Let's turn let's turn let's turn let's let's let's let's let's let's turn let's turn let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you you you you you you in on you know you know so uh well one of my key marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over the you know okay uh okay you know know know know know know past year. And that and that and that and that and that and that is using using using using using using this podcast as a platform to share my message uh um like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into into into into into into my uh I mean I mean you know like space a podcast is an amazing way way way way way way to share. Whatever is on your well um uh well um heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name name name name name name you know I mean um like so. Is he is he is he is is is is is is he is he is he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little little little little little little more Olive near the bottom of the you know I mean I mean well well well well well well so mood about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction pisciotta near so okay uh okay uh Toledo. And in that case the on these these these these these these sticks his hand into the house um um so so so and either places something into into into into into into the hand of the ball by it or take something so okay um well you know know know know know know out of his open hand and brings it out and then D is high up up up up up up. Now I like well so okay so might have why is it clay of I'll be they're they're they're they're they're they're not Kira want to come here like you know um um you know. I'll give give give give give give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying um you you you you you you know um I mean okay something involves really three acts. One act is Akira Akira Akira Akira Akira Akira literally uprooting which means to pick you know okay well you know like something something something something something something up from a place of rest then to is traversing which is to either um um um um um um uh I mean um well transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or in in in in in in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
Welcome to we're not there yet. My name my name my name my name name name name name name my name my name is Dori. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, I'm sorry, and I'm Joe and like uh um so I mean Welcome to our our our our our our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, I just talked um um so well well well well well well so a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I and and and and and and I and I and I and I and I work on different well well like well well well well well well uh type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I just just just just just just hope like like so um well people feel better and just be able to move move move move move move and have more energy. So well uh you know so I mean that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this like well well well well well well like um okay podcast comes to be. Remember. I started I started I started I I I I I I started I started I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I like well well well well well well you know um okay needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of of of of of of mine who's a uh I mean um you know I mean podcast producer. How do do do do do do I do this? And he just told me anchor use well well okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a a a a a a podcast on the Internet. It's also okay you know well like um free free free free free free. You can you can you can you can you can you can edit edit edit edit edit edit record your podcast right from your phone or your I mean um so uh like like like like like like computer and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for for for for for for you, so so well you know you know so it can be heard on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can make so uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small small small small small small you are. You okay you know well well so can make money from your your your your your your podcast. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make like well so I mean like a podcast all in in in in in in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
Oh, we oh, we oh, we oh, we oh, we oh, we are are are are are are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We uh like uh like like like like like like so are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was this was was was was was was this was this was this was this was a very special episode. I like like like like like like I like I like I like I like I like you know like you know um um um um um um okay these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or um um um um um um well so like so the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since and and and and and and since and since and since and since and since it was you you you you you you know so okay uh so the second time we had him on we'd already covered his his his his his his career. And so and so and so and so and so and so I like uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um so got to talk about a lot of things on this show and I I I I I I had I'd get okay so like um I mean to hear a lot of Yanni's Yanni's Yanni's Yanni's Yanni's Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and um you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay you know we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg Greg Greg Greg Greg Greg I mean so uh so so just want his fifth State title High School in in in in in in New York. And so uh I mean um like um we talked a a a a a a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At At At At At At all at all at all at all at all at all my mother well you you you you you you know uh I mean you know. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom mom mom mom mom mom used to come into you know you know like okay okay my bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try I mean um um um um um um um uh I mean to like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just just just just just just kind of paints a I mean well you know so well picture of like boundaries boundaries boundaries boundaries boundaries boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh like so so like at all costs, right and instead I would be like, like, like, like, like, like, maybe pick a setting um so I mean okay like where like, I'm not not not not not not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like like okay well well well well well well I mean you know a mirror right across from my back to our it was was was was was was like a glass I mean you know like like you know shower. So it's it's it's it's it's it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? well uh you know know know know know know uh uh No. Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank well thank well thank well thank well thank well thank well like well like you you you you you you know you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I I I I I I so uh um so uh promise you it was not planned. I have another friend with with with with with with me today. She came so I mean like okay well visiting for my my my my my my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these okay uh you know know know know know know I mean uh things in order for the journey ahead and we were just having having having having having having conversations about, you know okay so uh okay you know, doing things by by by by by by yourself. Cough now, cough now, cough now, cough now, cough now, cough now, you know, know, know, know, know, know, there's this whole part of um um you know well well it that says, you you you you you you know, you have to collaborate and do all those so so like okay so so so so so so great things. But there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well um so goal by yourself, but me how far now you know, so so so so so so I mean, we're just I mean like I mean well you know we're just just just just just just going to flow today and we just hope that you guys get what well well well well well well um um like so you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old old old old old old I mean uh uh you know I mean daughter found brutally murdered in in in in in in their home. And as if it couldn't like well so well uh get any worse, worse, worse, worse, worse, worse, no one knows who did it. If you if you if you if you if you you you you you you if you enjoy this episode you know you know I mean um so on the the the the the the mysterious brick of murders and want to hear more like it check I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so um you know out our series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the the the the the the clues question the facts and well I mean so you know well dig dig dig dig dig dig deeper into some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is so so uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to to to to to to the graphic well um um uh I mean nature of this murder case case case case case case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and um you know uh um um um um um um uh discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of a young girl girl girl girl girl girl that well um okay uh so some people may find offensive. We advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
New ideas new ideas new ideas new ideas new ideas new ideas thought thought thought thought thought thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the um uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay well podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht neht neht neht neht neht and naht so so I mean well so Edge. This month's episode is a technology technology technology technology technology technology special in which we asked whether technology can well uh like I mean well support support support support support support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the I mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know like you know next big Ed Tech development is likely likely likely likely likely likely to be and also this Gus whether or like like so you know okay not mobile devices devices devices devices devices devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing so so I mean so so so so so so like insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will will will will will will be um okay I mean uh you know well known to our regular podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author I mean uh uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay of a number of education-based books days. He's also he's also he's also he's also also also also also also he's also he's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually actually actually actually actually actually about well I mean um um um the fucking word genus species. But back to to to to to to chapter 24 to see you know I mean you know I mean well what it actually actually actually actually actually actually is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean uh biology for bastards teaching biology and the most profane profane profane profane profane profane way you've ever seen or um well uh so okay heard. I'm your your your your your your host John Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP well uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay um Biology one chapter at a time this week. We're on the the the the the the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance 90-day fiance News well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of of of of of of a for the so well like you know uh 90 days, but we know that that that that that that she has a plastic anemia that her girlfriend from so like okay well okay the the the the the the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that she's well I mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know like dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie though is that she sells naked like so um uh like photos of herself herself herself herself herself herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she has content well I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay like. That's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a bit bit bit bit bit bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out though as like like like like like like like well like so Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she she she she she she states that she um well like you know okay is not ashamed of this content content content content content content and that having the patron has financed her okay so you know like like documentary documentary documentary documentary documentary documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income in general general general general general general I mean okay okay okay uh. She ends it saying I'm a hello an an an an an an advocate a writer a content creator a well well uh like um um um um um um dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I okay you you you you you you know well I mean well want. I am not definable good for you girl. A A A A A A woman should be so you know well like well allowed to do whatever she she she she she she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus like like okay well well well well well well you know. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
Keep a keep a keep a keep a keep a keep a good distance distance distance distance distance distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that you know well well well well well well well like so guy next to him? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host host host host host host Marc Murphy so so you know so like. And today we have a a a a a a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host I mean well you you you you you you know you know well. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New New New New New New Tyler and college so how'd uh okay like um you know you guys meet meet meet meet meet meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I uh like you know know know know know know okay like barely showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We We We We We We first met but so so uh uh you know it was there be but it it it it it it was there. We took we took we took we took we took we took the the the the the the we just say I mean uh I mean well I mean major so we had had had had had had all the same classes together and decide to sit um um like um okay by by by by by by each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree tree tree tree tree tree like like like uh well planter art for this podcast comes from another tree tree tree tree tree tree planter Bethany Davis as part of uh like well uh um her illustration series follow follow follow follow follow follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a you know know know know know know uh like like so reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are are are are are are a collective of people who um uh like uh so spend much of their lives lives lives lives lives lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree uh I mean like you know know know know know know okay planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings seedlings seedlings seedlings seedlings seedlings uh so okay you know like in the ground day after day as a a a a a a Job, it is about the connections experiences okay you know um you know um um um um um um bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed you you you you you you know you know I mean well you know light on the culture that is is is is is is mostly contained within those who have stuck with you know um okay I mean you you you you you you know shovel in the ground. It is it is it is it is it it it it it it is it is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting so so so so so so you know okay so okay as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So So So So So So wherever so wherever so wherever so wherever so wherever so wherever you're okay uh um um um um um um uh uh coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the the the the the the podcast uh okay you know um well in today's episode. We're going to talk about about about about about about what products you should not drop ship now I mean okay well so okay okay okay okay okay okay when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build a new new new new new new so um uh okay you know store or launch a new product line. There are are are are are are three different levels of okay uh like well you know where you want to to to to to to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, the I mean so like like like like like like like like first level is the niche level. That's the that's the that's the that's the the the the the the that's the that's the highest one, right? What type what type what type what what what what what what type what type what type of products do uh I mean okay you know um um um um um um you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move to the the the the the the supplier so like uh I mean um level and make sure that the suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually want to um uh like I mean you you you you you you know work with if you want to make money doing this and then finally finally finally finally finally finally the well you know um so so deepest level is the product level. So So So So So So what I'm going to share with you I mean I mean so uh uh in in in in in in this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to make sure sure sure sure sure sure uh okay so well um you're not wasting your time. If you decide decide decide decide decide decide to build one of these stores and well you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay actually build a real business now before we get into it, I should should should should should should let I mean I mean um uh I mean you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for for for for for for you to so um like you know okay get more life. We focus on heart heart heart heart heart heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce results you know you know I mean um um um um um um well from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn um um um um um um so uh well I mean more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor monitor monitor monitor monitor monitor your results in I mean um well uh well real time. Each workout is inspired and and and and and and led by certified coaches to make sure uh like like uh I mean you you you you you you don't overtrain or under train. So what are you currently well okay so I mean like like like like like like doing to get more life out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this this this this this this um I mean you know like so Seek to help you with. All right. So, So, So, So, So, So, let's kick it up you okay so well you know um guys I'm here with Coach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible passages to well you know you know okay like help you fall asleep. You You You You You You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble falling like so you know so well well well well well well asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the word okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like I mean well of God. I'm able I'm able I'm able able able able able able I'm able I'm able I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully fully fully fully fully fully rest And so okay I mean um well okay as you listen to to to to to to night focusing on the word of God. Let It I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so Be an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to to to to to to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this this this this this this I mean well uh uh okay. Hey, you want to know why my brain brain brain brain brain brain doesn't work, right if you text K okay so like um um out out out out out out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light well well well well well well well okay like okay it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during during during during during during a manic. I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I was so okay you know um so like braised. I hate you. Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't leave me who came up with this list given on okay well okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this couch and recline well well well well well well you know okay okay well you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I I I I I I love friends. I'm um I mean I mean like uh Monica Geller and I I I I I I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi like okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and and and and and and I'm failing okay um okay I mean so Villa dough and we have a show show show show show show for you. Any you're any you're any you're any you're any you're any you're you're you're you're you're you're supposed to introduce yourself well so I mean you know I mean know that I was was was was was was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm on I'm on I'm on the mic today. So we so we so we so we so we so we are on the.
Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a uh um um um um um um well I mean uh spicy hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right right right right right right. Well, it has to start okay like like um um with the club because because because because because because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to so okay uh uh um um um um um um know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw raw raw raw raw raw well well um so uh circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and and and and and and today we have one of I mean okay well I mean like our guests. Shravan Shravan Shravan Shravan Shravan Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was that was that was that was that was that that that that that that was so hot somatic. Yo, well okay I mean okay um it's your boy. I I I I I I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All uh like you you you you you you know you know so right. Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD UCSD UCSD UCSD UCSD UCSD Alum. He was I mean well you know okay well on Ross All-Stars 11 board board board board board board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever so so so so so so so uh like uh take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I I I I I I had no prior knowledge of the I mean I mean um like like planned assault assault assault assault assault assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm deeply I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish I mean I mean you know know know know know know like okay behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the the the the the the podcast we are joined um okay like okay okay as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest you know okay um okay um today today today today today today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but like like like like like like well um you know uh I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my my my my my my director my I mean, well so well okay I mean I really divided up up up up up up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to I mean uh okay so so so so so so okay be fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago ago ago ago ago ago. I walked in okay you know well you know uh and he told me on the the the the the the spot that it was going to be on camera like uh well uh I I I I I I mean and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have have have have have have to let people you know um okay well well fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day day day day day day. My uh my uh my uh my uh my uh my uh okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's That's That's That's That's That's 60 okay um well um um. We are in the really in the final stretch stretch stretch stretch stretch stretch. It's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard to believe and and and and and and like I mean you know well okay it's very exciting. I want to notify notify notify notify notify notify you all again about our CM our um uh well okay well virtual CM that that that that that that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 so okay um I mean you you you you you you know 10 a.m. Eastern standard time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you live in like I mean like uh okay the world, you can associate associate associate associate associate associate you know the time that your clock with that with well you know you know you you you you you you know you know those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people people people people people people some people some people some people some people some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean so I mean we're excited to share our free Guide to the the the the the the 11 essential business tools that successful you know uh okay I mean like entrepreneurs are are are are are are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / / / / / / create okay so um so so to access your free guide and turn your your your your your your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward well well um uh okay slash create. Well, the the the the the the only other thing I was wondering about is and I think um well like like like like like like like you know I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not as unconditional as okay okay so well well unconditionally aligned as I'd like like like like like like to be and I am affected sometimes by other people okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh well so if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so say say say say say say that in a different way. I'm focused I'm focused I'm focused I'm focused I'm focused I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're We're We're We're We're We're here like well like I mean uh with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder founder founder founder founder founder operator and super gangster from Murder you know so I mean so uh Town USA. Our Our Our Our Our Our favorite our favorite our favorite our favorite our favorite our favorite clothing company. That is how how how how how how you doing today man. Doing okay you know you know well okay great man man man man man man. Yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if you excited excited excited excited excited excited this year, it's like a first thing right for uh you know well I mean you you you you you you know yeah. I have I have I have I have I have I have never never never never never never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but like like well like like like like like like I mean I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's you let's you let's you let's you let's you let's you know uh like I I I I I I mean so do this. Yeah. Well, don't well, don't well, don't well, don't well, don't don't don't don't don't don't well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so so you know I I I I I I mean I mean I mean fucking yeah, we got like real faithful follower and and and and and and I feel bad every time we put uh I mean like uh um something out out out out out out because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry worry worry worry worry worry um okay uh um um and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space um um um um um um so I mean like okay docks podcast where we cover all things space in in in in in in this podcast. We will be uh well okay so I mean covering all the latest space space space space space space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies so so so uh you know know know know know know or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from from from from from from well you know I mean like I mean the Apollo mission to the first first first first first first image of the black hole to the latest news you know you know I I I I I I mean well uh on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the the the the the the moon you know so okay well so. So if like us you are another another another another another another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with like I mean um well I I I I I I mean all that is happening in the field. This is this is this this this this this this is this is this is this is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean um I mean consumption only it may not be suitable for for for for for for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised um like uh I mean I mean Takashi. 6-9 was was was was was was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to according to according to to to to to to according to according to according to okay you know well like uh TMZ. All All All All All All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I so so like so so so so so so okay was in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and kidnap and and and and and and kidnap and kidnap and kidnap and kidnap and and beat up a well so I I I I I I mean okay so little bit to you know, I definitely brought it back back back back back back down a human level. And um and um and um and um um um um um um and um and um well okay um so I started talking to God. I'm like you you you you you you don't only when I could get me um so so so uh out of of of of of of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in in in in in in partnership well so I mean okay I mean with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that that that that that that can lead a hero to I mean like so like uh fighting himself in in in in in in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the podcast that um uh uh um um um um um um I mean explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite video video video video video video games. I'm uh okay um okay so Caleb. I'm Kevin I'm Kevin I'm Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin I'm Kevin I'm Kevin I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring two Paths so um well like you know of One Life. This episode is is is is is is going to have Major Spoilers for BioShock so um uh okay well Infinite. And And And And And And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make it I I I I I I mean uh well you know um this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I I I I I I hope like I mean uh okay so you guys are having a beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part um so like well like 2 of of of of of of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um you know this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood and man. There so well so well okay are some nuggets up in here. I can't can't can't can't can't can't wait for you guys to hear it okay uh you know um okay. If this is is is is is is the first one that you're tapping on I do well so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay recommend. Going back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But well well well well well well okay um okay I mean I do think that all of the information in in in in in in part to her story all like you know so like well her tips the the the the the the way that she parents it's all like so much more interesting uh you you you you you you know so um I mean and almost more like valuable when you know where she she she she she she came from part 1 so like okay I mean okay is all about about about about about about her life as a young girl how she was parented her you know okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like I mean family story Dynamic her as a young woman woman woman woman woman woman and it's fascinating and it like uh you know uh so makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing show well uh um like I mean start brushing on the top of your mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth on one side and brush the inside outside like like so um like and and and and and and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're talking about about about about about about so okay like like so real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are are are are are are a pair of sisters who fought for I mean okay uh okay I mean the the the the the the freedom of their country their names were Trung truck and Trung knee. A I mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean you know you know long long time ago the Trung sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters were born in a country in Asia called so um you know well I mean Vietnam Vietnam Vietnam Vietnam Vietnam Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have them trained in martial arts arts arts arts arts arts back in so I mean so so I mean those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can be be be be be be okay like okay so so a long thing, you know, so let's get get get get get get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey uh like uh you know well guys, it's your girl girl girl girl girl girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello. We're okay we're we're we're we're we're we're okay we're okay we're okay we're okay we're okay um um you know like joined joined joined joined joined joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re free. Rio Rio Rio Rio Rio Rio I mean well um like I mean well Cambria found a how was your day? day day day day day How was your day tiring long uh I mean well um so as it was was was was was was productive. That's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that that that that that that matters. Come on, the love that like like I mean uh I mean now Monday. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the like um like like like like like like like I mean fires are so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in in in in in in first place of the so like okay so uh Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand understand understand understand understand understand the Caps are still in first place due to so well um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that that that that that that would you know uh well uh well make the most sense, but of course not listen, I I I I I I don't care if technically they're not in I mean um you know like uh first. All All All All All All I care about is when you look at the points it is okay okay okay okay okay okay um um you know uh tied. This very moment and just the fact that that that that that that that is the situation we are I mean okay okay I mean um discussing right now now now now now now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers beat the so you you you you you you know um um okay Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of of of of of of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and and and and the topic of um um so so uh today's video is going to be going with with with with with with the flow and I got an email well uh uh I mean uh here here here here here here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably since okay you know know know know know know you know okay like late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess guess guess guess guess guess. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been coaching him um um um um um um uh you know so so now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this this this this this this email and he's got a couple uh well I mean um well of situations situations situations situations situations situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets his All so I mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know uh at a concert and I guess his group and her her her her her her group of friends kind of so you know you know I mean okay emerged emerged emerged emerged emerged emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told him to to to to to to um uh uh so so text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
My habit my habit my habit my habit my habit my habit by its its its its its its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a um uh uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not not not not not not Billy I mean well well I mean like Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in in in in in in here and Martin. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's um like uh um I mean up, and you're listening to good. So my my my my my my God Bernard in I everything about what I you know um okay you know know know know know know I mean mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's What's What's What's What's What's I mean you know you know okay you know a draugr my I love saying saying saying saying saying saying among. I know monkey. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I don't believe nothing going so you know uh well okay in secret. We can can can can can can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to to to to to to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of you know so you know know know know know know um I mean stuff to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, which I want to so um uh um like get to First. The NHL is apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics uh I I I I I I mean I mean like um and they're going to be testing out during the the the the the the playoffs. This is the first I mean so I mean like okay time they're going to to to to to to throw it in used at least that we know uh uh so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh of so read a little article about this AQ and we were just talking talking talking talking talking talking about this uh you know well like so before we went live here. They've apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently used this puck in a couple so okay okay you know well games games games games games games during the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were like well well well well well well so so you know using it. They've given it to a few of the the the the the the Superstar players throughout the league I mean so you know well you know the practice practice practice practice practice practice with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about about about about about about like I mean like well well anchor which is the platform. I used to make make make make make make this podcast. If you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard uh well well well I mean about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and let me explain it's free like uh I mean you know okay. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your um well well well well well well you know okay like phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard um uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um so on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make make make make make make money from your well um so you know I mean podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast so I mean uh well well well well well well you know in one place. So download so download so download so download so download download download download download download so download the free anchor app or go to Anchor so well um um um um um um like so dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode episode episode episode episode episode of Laguna okay so um okay well Beach the podcast. Thank you thank you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you so much for tuning in as always always always always always always. It's your host okay so you know you know well Kelly. So excited so excited so so so so so so excited so excited so excited so excited to be here feel like I just sounded like like like like like like Heidi like so like uh okay okay okay excited but we got our finale of of of of of of Love is Blind this past week, um um okay okay I mean and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form form form form form form of uh um well so okay a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to create it by so okay well like um using anchor I'm able to share share share share share share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you um so so so so so so so so so everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right from you you you you you you know I mean uh I mean okay your phone tablet or computer. They're easy easy easy easy easy easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the uh um um so um um um um um um app to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute um well you know I mean uh your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes like like um well um Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you can you can also easily make money from okay well so uh well your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go go go go go go to Anchor dot so um you know well like f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast um you know I mean well I mean. Let me explain. First of of of of of of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money up like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There There There There There There are okay uh like uh okay creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your podcast right from your well you know um um I mean phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money buying like I mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean I mean software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can you know I mean like uh like be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part you uh uh uh uh uh uh like so okay you know can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to like I mean like uh like make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go to like okay I mean you you you you you you know I mean Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza well well well okay okay and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself find yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself needing a lawyer for a you know okay okay okay okay okay okay like um um DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if if if if if if you need a personal injury lawyer, I mean so you know so so Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to the the the the the the I mean um um okay okay Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March March March March March March 1st episode of dishes and uh uh like you know um dimes were a a a a a a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts today well so so well I I I I I I mean. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month month month month month month ever. Whoo-hoo okay okay I mean uh like. Yes, bring a head waiting for some some some some some some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about about about about about about well well like okay um all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the the the the the the day he was um I mean you know uh well taken up to heaven after after after after after after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles you know so so um um um um um um so. He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many many many many many many convincing you know I mean like okay well proofs that he was was was was was was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 like so well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh days and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating eating eating eating eating eating you know you know uh uh well with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I I I I I wanted I mean like well so you know to take a brief moment today today today today today today to let you know about the easiest way possible okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are are are are are are actually having okay you know you know so I mean a service to host host host host host host and distribute the show as well as software to record each uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host host host host host host the packet a like so I mean like okay podcast and have a distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I well um um um um um um you know uh like tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything everything everything everything everything everything we need to record um um well uh uh host and Ribbit our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone I mean you know know know know know know so so uh. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money money money money money money with no uh like I mean uh uh minimum listenership. If you're if you're if if if if if if you're if you're if you're if you're serious about starting your own podcast, you you you you you you better be serious okay uh like okay well about using anchor download the anchor app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're hope you're hope you're hope you're hope you're you're you're you're you're you're hope you're all doing well. And you I mean I mean so you know like ready ready ready ready ready ready to hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely he's definitely he's he's he's he's he's he's definitely he's definitely he's definitely he's definitely someone I should have like uh okay well well well well well well um called before now as he's one of the few people I've played with with with with with with whom I looked uh uh you know um well up to for a very very very very very very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on okay I mean well like so so so so so so the field but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my my my my my my you know okay I mean okay you know conversation with Premier League winner and good good good good good good friend. My darling my darling my darling my darling my darling my darling darling darling darling darling darling let's go. Please enjoy please enjoy please enjoy please enjoy please enjoy please enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy like like like well so. Just what I needed just what I needed. How are are are are are are you my brother? That's you that's you that's you that's you that's you that's that's that's that's that's that's you know um like so you know all how are you bro? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, um, um, um, um, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, so so um um I mean you know, same old old old old old old same old. I need to start this though with a bit um well so like like like like like like I mean of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing thing thing thing thing thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke to Alexa.
Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way like like like like like like I mean well so so to make a podcast and it's free their creation tools tools tools tools tools tools that you can use to like like well like uh record and edit your podcast from from from from from from your phone and your computer an anchor will uh well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard on on on on on on every platform such as like you know like okay uh Spotify and apple you can can can can can can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in okay like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh um one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you you you you you you have to say. Peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and love your magic Love Queen.
Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my my my my my my friend um like like like like. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name name name name name name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once again okay um you know I mean okay for joining me me me me me me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean um well. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is is is is is is Iron Lion like so I mean so um soap. You can find them on Instagram at at at at at at Iron Lion soap and iron line like uh like you know I mean soap.com they they they they they they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so so so so so so in you know so okay well so love with and so grateful that that that that that that I made the connection with Avi, and we had okay so you know like like like like like like I mean a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first first first first first first well well okay like um time we're going to talk about the Acres Acres Acres Acres Acres Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going so you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of of of of of of diamonds miss any like um like okay so Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you I mean like so I mean I mean have have have have have have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk we talk talk talk talk talk talk we talk we talk we talk we talk okay I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay so to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's that's that's that's that's that's you know well okay okay like probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in in in in in in acres of diamonds. If you think well like okay okay so we can talk to to to to to to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me so like like well well well well well well um trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm assuming you can talk to like so so I I I I I I mean okay your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, away, away, away, away, away, right, but well uh uh so you know me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like uh uh Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have have have have have have top ten lists. These are the like so like um like audio versions versions versions versions versions versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you if you if if if if if if you if you if you if you I mean I mean um I I I I I I mean you know enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on on on on on on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast okay uh um um so. Also, you are say hi to me me me me me me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of well well well I mean so so so so so so that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi well um um um um um um well so well to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's let's let's let's let's let's get um uh uh I mean I mean into it. Hello. I'm Simon West West West West West West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the like um um so so so so so so uh video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without without without without without without using um um like okay so drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and and and and and and ghostly apparitions many people will um okay well I mean so tell you that at at at at at at one point or another they have had some experience where like uh so so so so so so like well they thought they heard a sound when nothing should be there or or or or or or they saw an well um uh so uh apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high high high high high high Central I mean like so so like and your host for everything Central Central Central Central Central Central my guest. This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode will will will will will will be seniors who were uh uh uh so okay recently honored for earning the highest highest highest highest highest highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at the okay okay like you know so so so so so so end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and ninety so so so so so so okay well like um who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We We We We We We have a couple I mean um I mean you know like of those Those Those Those Those Those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us today I I I I I I mean well um uh um guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name name name name name name and the activities you've been so like well um uh involved with with with with with with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and you know know know know know know I mean okay I mean so basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with lots lots lots lots lots lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both so both so both so both so both so both of you.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back we're we're we're we're we're we're back we're back we're back we're back we're back so I mean so so so so so so well I mean with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have have have have have have escalated. In the last well so um well uh few weeks new cases of this this this this this this virus have been going up and up you know like uh like um as as as as as as of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 like like like like like like I mean so okay I mean dead. And this virus has spread fast outside outside outside outside outside outside of China with more than 70 uh uh so you know well countries now now now now now now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the um um um um um um okay I mean you know well governor of Washington declaring a state of emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency after the first known uh I mean uh okay okay coronavirus death in the the the the the the US. The virus has killed at least nine people so okay I mean well I I I I I I mean in this country. We just keep hearing about more and more infections. There There There There There There are now at uh like okay I mean uh least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
If you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast you know uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh um. Let me explain it's free. Its creation its creation its creation its its its its its its creation its creation its creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit uh okay like so so your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute pop your podcast for like um um um um um um you know okay uh you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many more you I mean like like well so can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need well um okay well I mean to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. Because obviously because obviously because obviously because because because because because because obviously because obviously because obviously we wouldn't be able to do so like okay so so so so so so you know this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the the the the the the free anchor well uh I mean you know I mean app or go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We okay like like like like like like like okay like just wanted to let you know for this one starts starts starts starts starts starts. It's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not a full podcast night night night night night night. We I we I we I we I we I we I mean um um um um um um so so so just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and and and and and and y'all do well uh okay like uh a special special edition this week. We're still still still still still still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars okay okay okay okay okay okay so well uh like session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning morning morning morning morning morning afternoon uh okay you know okay I mean or evening wherever you are in the the the the the the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions so um like so like come for for for for for for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I Ka you you you you you you know uh uh well like achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as as as as as as ever in the cockpit like uh well well um of the Essex Falcon Falcon Falcon Falcon Falcon Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam cam cam cam cam cam and I mean you know okay well you know I'm here with Eric and and and and and and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric lives in well um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh like Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We talk talk talk talk talk talk about I mean okay like well like conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today today today today today today and today and today and today and today and today we're talking about Dan Schneider to to to to to to was um uh I mean um okay the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we we we we we we both watch when we were I mean you know well uh well younger and and and and and and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's a lot like I I I I I I mean well like um of different elements to him in a lot of of of of of of different components that we have like well so you know like to get get get get get get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So like like I I I I I I mean you know okay you know Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in in in in in in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's going on on on on on on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest one to use it's free and like so I mean uh so there's creation tools straight straight straight straight straight straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from okay well I I I I I I mean like I mean your phone or computer and it will also distribute your your your your your your podcast to Spotify like well okay like well apple and many more without without without without without without having to do anything which is great and you can like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean um well make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great great great great great great man. You gotta uh I mean you know well I mean grind you got to to to to to to get to where you're going. So it's so it's so it's so it's so so so so so so it's so it's everything you need well uh like you know okay to do do do do do do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the uh so so so so so so so uh you know App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get get get get get get in the uh uh like you know uh madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and and and and and and YG. You're welcome to episode well I mean I mean uh so so so so so so 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited I'm excited I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone uh you know know know know know know um so um did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and and and and and and checking it out and okay you know you know like uh reviewing it and and and and and and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic I I I I I I mean I mean well so you know of today's newsletter is going to be what to to to to to to do when your girl goes psycho well you know like uh like. So obviously I've I've I've I've I've I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who you have have have have have have okay well you know well well met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with with with with with with us the other day well so um so so and we got a bunch of of of of of of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the well uh I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there there there there there there it's like talked like like like um you know about in my first book book book book book book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully well um so so so so so so like I mean not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other other other other other other out and Keen well like you know okay well each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first first first first first first um you know okay well okay episode of podcasts devoted to cube in this this this this this this season. We want to show like um uh okay uh you guys the the the the the the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to so um um um um um um um like like your own Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different different different different different different aspect of cube design uh well um well like and hopefully like say in a a a a a a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own okay I mean like so so so so so so so Cube. Ooh, I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, you know know know know know know so um uh like and I'm thankful file coming from the lovely island of Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland. So Rupert, so Rupert, so Rupert, so Rupert, so Rupert, so Rupert, like well so so so so so so I mean uh what are we here to do? So essentially we are trying to to to to to to give you a so like so uh well short rundown as this for this this this this this this first episode on what the former cube is all so okay uh you know I I I I I I mean about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is right right right right right right okay uh like I mean okay now. It is me Jared and Gabe Gabe Gabe Gabe Gabe Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender uh okay okay okay uh Courtney Nance coming coming coming coming coming coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo boys. Did you know know know know know know like well um um you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the the the the the the back to the roots. We're uh uh you know um um going back to her Roots. I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back In uh like you know uh well Town. That's That's That's That's That's That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the um I mean I mean well well well well well well I mean dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you you you you you you say that I uh you know so um uh wouldn't have chosen to say it it it it it it myself but but you're okay with you know so I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean you need okay? Yeah, as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna hate okay I mean uh um uh it always support your right to see see see see see see random things. I support my right to party I mean uh um so well well well well well well and you always you got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've I've I've I've I've I've like I mean well like so always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I I I I I I okay so uh um like became good friends when we were taking an anatomy anatomy anatomy anatomy anatomy anatomy lab at Cal State Long Beach um okay well well you know Bree was actually actually actually actually actually actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational therapy like like like like like like uh so like okay school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud proud proud proud proud proud of her Bree like well um well okay also has a background in kinesiology, which which which which which which is what she studied for her undergraduate like well um like I mean major and when when when when when when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA Division II okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean you know uh at Cal State East Bay. So this so this this this this this this so this so this so this so this woman has a lot of knowledge about about about about about about so um um so well not only how to exercise but also how to to to to to to exercise confidence. We're going so like um I mean I mean to dive into some of the the the the the the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations and I mean like I I I I I I mean so you know she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going going going going going going in the um like well um well face of some situations where she she she she she she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you you you you you you human design and okay so uh you know like business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a leading human design expert expert expert expert expert expert and energetic alignment um you know okay you know like business coach. I lead lead lead lead lead lead I lead I lead I lead I lead I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift shift shift shift shift shift your business where it's not working um okay um okay so so that it starts starts starts starts starts starts to work for you through human design and Alignment you know uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of of of of of of course income I mean you know so okay okay each week. I'm going to be be be be be be bringing you the human design and business in well okay uh like I mean a a a a a a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to uh well well well well well well like you know well align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip lip lip lip lip lip balms beard so you know um uh uh care and much much more all all all all all all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed um like uh so I mean and and and and and and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your your your your your your okay well you know uh like entire order use promotional code Rua at at at at at at checkout. And please and please and please and please and please and please check out out out out out out well well you know so uh the link in the show notes. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray pray pray pray pray pray more uh like like well well novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray pray pray pray pray pray more Retreat dot-org this online um so okay uh like Retreat will help you you you you you you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know online and at your own pace and you can can can can can can find the time to listen like so you know so um to the five inspiring inspiring inspiring inspiring inspiring inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to I mean okay okay so like like like like like like the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 well uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know um year old came home from a long day at work work work work work work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita okay so uh like well Lopez over dinner. He glanced out out out out out out a window to watch the Summer sun setting like like you know so um over over over over over over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as so so so so so so okay uh um you know idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He went to his his his his his his bedroom and injected himself I mean you know well well well with Heroin just just just just just just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all um well well well well well well so you know um wrong. The drugs the drugs the drugs the drugs the drugs the the the the the the drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before like like like like like like okay okay uh well he began to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth okay okay well um I mean of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP GDP GDP GDP GDP GDP data for the December quarter, which means okay I mean I mean well uh it it it it it it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit we I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um well I mean saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up up up up up up from 1.8% This means that so well you know like well GDP was up by by by by by by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 0.4% that like so well well well well well well uh well economists were expecting. This does this does this does this does this this this this this this does this does show that the RBA is reading at the economy like um um um um um um like like um was at a gentle turning points towards the end of of of of of of last year was correct. However, it uh um okay like so looks looks looks looks looks looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due to so so so so so so uh um so you know the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home um uh I mean okay well moms. And we just kind of want to share share share share share share our experiences since I stay at so um I mean you know um home with with with with with with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of you know know know know know know you know like um you know bring a little bit of insight and show you that that that that that that there are really great things like uh I mean you know well. There are some some some some some some really messy Parts about each roll. So go so go so go so go go go go go go so go so go and do whatever you okay so um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your well well well well well well well well um you know kiddos in their stroller and go for a a a a a a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, so you know um uh um I'm Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the um I mean mean mean mean mean mean like so well messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings brings brings brings brings brings. We're completely okay um um you know I mean unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we we we we we we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean so so going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your your your your your your story so um well okay um advocate for your babies and connect with the the the the the the other messy moms in our community well you know well okay I I I I I I mean dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to level out with with with with with with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your health you know well um um um um um um well so Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level level level level level level up. Hello and I mean well so uh you know welcome to episode 14 of of of of of of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is called movement like like okay you you you you you you know I mean is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? it it it it it Does it does it does it does it does it does it I think think think think think think it's um uh like so so what we've been saying for the last few weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks. I feel like we've okay I mean uh like I mean been saying movement movement movement movement movement movement is medicine. It's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool cool cool cool cool cool to see everyone sharing the arm the okay well like so okay post that we put put put put put put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about yes um so okay uh well branding branding branding branding branding branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to to to to to to really talk okay well uh you know you know about something that I'm super super super super super super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday like so um well so your training working hard and all all all all all all of that. I work as an osteopath. So this um um you know know know know know know um um is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's well, it's well, it's it's it's it's it's it's well, it's well, it's well, it's your bread and butter, okay okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay well but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always you're always you're always you're you're you're you're you're you're always you're always you're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's like what's like what's like like like like like like what's like what's like what's the muscle that you're trying to I mean um um um um um um okay I mean I mean build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more more more more more more present like okay I mean uh like is it that you want to to to to to to be more intentional is it that uh like so so you know you want to feel more more more more more more of a sense of like trust and connection uh like okay so um um um um um um to intuition is it that you want to feel less stress is it you know so so so so so so well uh you know that you want to sleep better? You know, what is it it it it it it physically mentally emotionally spiritually you know um well uh I mean. What are you craving craving craving craving craving craving and notice in your life and it will show up. It's the I mean um um um um um um like well I mean beauty of meditation notice when those things start to shift. A A A A A A hurdlers uh I mean I mean uh okay Emily a body here bringing you you you you you you episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where okay so um well you know know know know know know I sit down with inspiring individuals to talk about everything from their big so I I I I I I mean I mean well you know wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy this guy this guy this this this this this this guy this guy this guy friends podcast like um okay you know you know rid of of of of of of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested like um I I I I I I mean you know I mean by many of you and we're going to to to to to to title it books. I recommend I recommend I recommend I recommend I recommend I I I I I I recommend or top reads uh like I mean you know so for 2020 something like like like like like like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy what like well okay um um um um um um like books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well Well Well Well Well Well books to well you know okay I mean um recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to to to to to to share with you at least the ones so like okay so uh that that that that that that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that are In so um um um um um um okay well uh the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book book book book book book that I've read um well you know I mean um and listened to over over over over over over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a pretty uh so I mean like like like like like like so good list and I did a version of this a long time time time time time time ago, which you know um uh you know so is somewhere on the blog and my my my my my my goal is to put these onto the I mean uh so like okay blog blog blog blog blog blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or so. I just just just just just just so okay okay like well have a lot of real I say say say say say say quote unquote real work to do but I like uh uh so well will get get get get get get to this but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact fact fact fact fact fact like you know I mean like you know that someone created pics insight and I happen happen happen happen happen happen to work hard to learn it so okay so well so and actually really fell fell fell fell fell fell in love with it. A lot of them are just like okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay so really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for for for for for for us to be like uh you know uh so doing this in our our our our our our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the realm well uh um um um um um um like well of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Nielsen to our um so well uh I mean podcast. He is an astro astro astro astro astro astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a website uh like well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark I mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay I mean so Astro. He is a big user of picks in in in in in in sight. So let's get started. Hello uh okay well like like everyone and welcome to to to to to to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of okay uh like like like like like like uh okay amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye eye eye eye eye eye towards providing. You with you with you with you with you with you with the latest information and advice.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate fate fate fate fate fate of Malaysia Flight I mean okay uh uh um 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press press press press press press releases and feature films Millions have tried to so like like okay um stitch together together together together together together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes on so uh I I I I I I mean um you know The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast every Wednesday. We so we so we so we so we so we we we we we we so so well um uh tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events events events events events events and possible cover-ups follow I mean um well you know you know conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV well well well well well well you know you know uh so talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are are are are are are on the bachelorette have to Show Low like well uh you know like like like like like like here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and and and and and and um like uh uh uh we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love love love love love love our audience and we like like like like you know will give you you you you you you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on on on on on on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz I mean you know like okay uh is an actress no network. We We We We We We covered we covered we covered we covered we covered we covered just about everything on on on on on on TV. And this is well um uh I mean okay of course your Bachelor crew led led led led led led by me or moderated by me. I should well uh uh so well say said yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce so so like like like like like like you know so myself. Only first only first only first only first only first only only only only only only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and I I I I I I mean you know um um well a host here at the network. So excited excited excited excited excited excited to be here, but me Christine you know um so well uh be be be be be be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and and and and and and everything in so so so so okay between because they would have called your for for for for for for hydropower birthday. Did I don't also like okay well like okay much what you mean by by by by by by are usually gas by D the middle amounts so uh okay I mean um and and and and and and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All right right right right right right you know so okay uh uh. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you you you you you you look like you've never listened to so uh uh so I mean bash me a a a a a a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV so uh okay so like talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is is is is is is happening with this uh like well well I mean show guys are hanging hanging hanging hanging hanging hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay you know so here. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going we're going to go through it. You know what it is. You know how we we we we we we like well um so like do first. I want to introduce. My panel panel panel panel panel panel I am over here by myself um uh so I mean okay on the team team team team team team married side, but to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may may may may may may okay I mean I mean uh uh have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those those those those those those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a Draconian a so okay okay so so humanoid and and and and and and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid alien. Welcome to well well well well well well you know um um so aliens like us with me of course button below below below below below below the other alien and Ethan Hello well like um I mean like. Both of you you you you you you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show this time. We're okay we're okay okay okay okay okay okay we're okay we're okay we're okay we're okay so um like okay going to to to to to to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in US. Yeah, you guys I I I I I I mean well like okay like heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early early early early early early for this okay um uh so you know but their cat at 6:00 6:00 6:00 6:00 6:00 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to do like well I I I I I I mean like uh a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let let let let let let no, let no, let no, let no, let no, let me have my my my my my my fun okay so like uh well. If you hear little sniffling and and and and and and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's like um um well I mean our our our our our our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or two kitchen kitchen kitchen kitchen kitchen kitchen so like um okay like. You're so like you come up with the the the the the the stupidest jokes when we feel like like um I mean well so they're they're bad bad bad bad bad bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that that that that that that documents okay like uh you know okay everything about the world of live music music music music music music speaking with choreographers costume and set so like like you know like designers the people who who who who who who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians like like so so so so so so you know so about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek peek peek peek peek peek behind okay like you know well you know the curtain at consequence of sound darknet darknet darknet darknet darknet darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to like you know um you know um. Fight class class class class class class consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with uh well uh you you you you you you know well the interview series presented by W FP k @ W FP FP FP FP FP FP K dot org you know I mean you know okay okay consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to to to to to to the uh like so you know well very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This This This This This This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode was recorded live live live live live live on like you know um uh okay November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in in in in in in Seattle, Washington. You're going you're going you're going you're going you're going you're going to to to to to to so I mean okay so so hear a very condensed version of that show show show show show show with live Q&A from the audience as well as like uh so so okay questions questions questions questions questions questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with okay uh well well well well well well uh so somebody on our crew and I should mention this room was very big big big big big big like so you know uh well very bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode episode episode episode episode episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen before before before before before before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's uh like like like like like like okay uh uh the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation you know I I I I I I mean I mean well um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right from your you know you know I mean so I mean phone or computer anchor distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify you know um you know know know know know know so okay Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money money money money money money from your podcast so well well I mean um with no minimum listenership, and and and and and and it's everything you need to make a podcast in okay well like so so one one one one one one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- I I I I I I mean like uh like so to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, thank you for well you know I mean uh you know tuning in. This This This This This This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no we're no we're no we're no we're no we're we're we're we're we're we're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We you we you we you we you you you you you you we you we you know uh well okay okay felt it. Waterfowl kind waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind of just kept us on one one one one one one basis and we kind of do um uh okay I mean so so so so so so a little bit of this that and everything else. So we so we so so so so so so we so we so we so we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow okay okay okay okay okay okay well like okay you know your favorite podcast. So you never miss miss miss miss miss miss an episode like this one or like I mean so you know well well well well well well if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can can can can can can um I mean okay okay you know listen to them offline like like like like like like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're you know you know know know know know know um okay so traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. If you haven't done uh okay um uh like so already be sure to download download download download download download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or well so so okay you know know know know know know browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll okay okay so okay well catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to our first episode you like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up up up up up up on a few a few well okay you know um you know sites, but but but but but but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic this uh okay okay okay okay okay okay so so well time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you so so so so so so uh um well uh know across the world. So we're professional now, but she was was was was was was not doing that. It just okay I mean uh I mean um was a bad Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be so um uh like like like like like like like halfway around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're ready ready ready ready ready ready uh well so like uh to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good like like like like like like like so okay okay for you. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The The The The The The Purpose Driven like well I mean like I mean Life. Sharing the benefits of a a a a a a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging I mean I mean I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh you in a meditation of Hope There are five great benefits of living living living living living living a purpose-driven um um you know so so life knowing your purpose gives meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is this is this is this this this this this this is this is this is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is it is it is is is is is is it is it is it is pi C season, and I'm Lisa Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie Marie uh like well like you know and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral astral astral astral astral astral ashes. We are going to be serenading you you know you know like you you you you you you know I mean with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to to to to to to be reading okay okay like I mean um a poem by one of the the the the the the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and okay you know okay well um we we we we we we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really really really really really really okay uh you know um you know spoke to pies. Season so this is is is is is is called I dream of you to okay well like so so wake by Christina Rossetti Rossetti Rossetti Rossetti Rossetti Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that I might dream uh so um um um um um um uh so of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine fine fine fine fine fine with dreams. The dear uh um like okay um companion gone as summer ended summer summer summer summer summer summer birds take flight and happy dreams uh um well so okay. I hold you full and and and and and and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and and and and and and well so so you know uh we the premise of this podcast is kind of there there there there there there is no premise. There's like so uh okay uh no premise right now. We have have have have have have a loose loose. Concept but concept but concept but concept but concept but concept but but but but but but we the biggest thing that you know you know like um like I think this is is is is is is founded on we found there's just such a like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean lack of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this this this this this this um uh uh well uh males. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely severely severely severely severely severely underrepresented we need us field I mean okay well you know well. So we we we we we we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot so you know know know know know know well so so and maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I so I so so so so so so I so I so I so I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel like like like like like like well you know so uh winter and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're We're We're We're We're We're going to explore topics you know well you know I mean well that are too too too too too too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like I mean so topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow will be your last so each new okay I mean uh you know you you you you you you know day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be covering covering covering covering covering covering introductions like um uh well I mean for Daniel and I where the idea idea idea idea idea idea for the podcast came from and some I mean I mean you know I I I I I I mean like of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, okay, Andrew, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, Andrew, okay, Andrew, okay, Andrew, okay, Andrew, what would you do if you you you you you you know like um okay okay you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going going going going going going to die tomorrow? um so well uh okay I would probably do something involving involving involving involving involving involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at like well okay well I mean the the the the the the same time. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you you you you you you know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I I I I I I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't remember where the guy.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, poking a trick trick trick trick trick trick here. And before we get into another episode of poke you know uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay um dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use use use use use use for um I mean like um I mean podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's free. It's easy to use uh I mean um like like and I just love love love love love love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit so I mean mean mean mean mean mean so well so your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So So So So So So if there was something um uh okay like I mean in my mind mind mind mind mind mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go into I mean like like like like like like I mean so well the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it it it it it it there. It's so I mean um well like um flipping easy. Love it. And And And And And And what else will makes it really interesting and cool is uh well so um you you you you you you know Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify you um um okay so so name it and it's great download anchor now get it it it it it it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
Podcast what's good? Do you do you do you do you do you do do do do do do you eat food? That is that is that is that is that is that is is is is is is a very simple question I have for like uh you know like you know know know know know know you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like you you you you you you know okay you know I mean so delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind kind kind kind kind kind of random shit. Then you need like like so uh you know to go go go go go go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh I mean discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils oils oils oils oils oils pastas hot sauces mustards and so you know uh I mean um other exotic candies candies candies candies candies candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food okay I I I I I I mean you know um like at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up up up up up up Podcast for um so okay you know well today's episode Gary sits down down down down down down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke uh well uh I mean like about about about about about about their different hustles and how most of you need to break out of uh um um um um um um you know so you know the mold. So make sure to hit them up and leave leave leave leave leave leave a review to so well um so I mean let us know what you thought thought thought thought thought thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking looking looking looking looking looking like I mean uh so so at some more educational objectives. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's get right to it starting with fragile X syndrome so so so so so so so like okay I mean. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased increased increased increased increased increased number of cgg trinucleotide uh I mean you know like you know repeats on the fragile fragile fragile fragile fragile fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on the long arm so okay so so so so so so um um of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of of of of of of fmr1 um you know I mean um I mean. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really I really really really really really really I really I really I really I really actually want I mean well like like like like like like I mean so you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V V V V V V and so like uh um so podcast form. So please hit me up on on on on on on Twitter Gary Vee and just put like I mean like like okay hashtag garyvee podcast with with with with with with the W in there as well so I can see well um so um um um um um um I mean your feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on on on on on on Twitter like uh I mean well well on how you like listening to the Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, um like like um uh it's youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience experience experience experience experience experience I mean so like you know well. What up what up what up what what what what what what up what up what up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call call call call call call that Gary had uh I mean uh you know okay with Pearson. He speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes uh you know uh so so so so so so well in all ages shapes and sizes. So make sure to hit them up up up up up up and let uh I mean I mean well okay us know what you thought with with with with with with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I mean I mean you you you you you you know okay you know I'm working on is about his son in the industry industry industry industry industry industry and sort of how I mean um okay you know um even see the the the the the the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so and so and so and so and so and so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a a a a a a like I mean well well you know Christian believe that God resides in absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute absolute truth in black and white. We as we as we as we as we as as as as as as we as so well uh like uh people are stuck here here here here here here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I I I I I I welcome open dialogue for uh you know well so you know know know know know know 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach um um um um um um you know I mean uh I mean and form and simply trade stories with kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness love and mutual respect. If you I mean well you know okay like like like like like like have a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at at at at at at uh um well so uh God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the the the the the the cause and be a part of um okay okay you know um our our our our our our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful hi beautiful hi beautiful hi beautiful hi beautiful hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So well okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know I mean. I got a fat callus on my hand right right right right right right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all it's all it's all it's all all all all all all it's all it's all well I mean well I mean I mean right. But But But But But But yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, so sorry about that that that that that that long break we took we were just really like you know well like um um um um um um busy with midterms papers. We went we went we went we went we went we we we we we we went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, so I mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know like not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants participants participants participants participants participants so you know I mean well uh kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority podcast me. But I guess so um uh okay you know that's cool Gary research research research research research research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy okay you know know know know know know I mean you know I mean is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie pootie pootie pootie pootie pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, such okay you know um I mean you know know know know know know he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not um um um um um um uh okay you know um reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the the the the the the producer and curator of well um okay you know okay this podcast listeners discretion is advised you you you you you you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto well otto well otto well otto well well well well well well otto well otto well okay um like uh have but without a doubt any any any any any any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually I mean um like okay so so so so so so feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he oh, he oh, he oh, he he he he he he oh, he oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as well okay well like okay he he he he he he gets worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I like like like like like like like so well okay deserve all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard um well I mean okay okay about anchor is the easiest way to make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain one I mean uh um I mean you know. It's It's It's It's It's It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you um um um um um um I mean like you know so have to pay any money none. It's free. He's He's He's He's He's He's great. He's awesome, too okay um so okay I mean. There's creation tools that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know you know Phone or computer super simple super easy. You You You You You You don't have to go to some studio and um I mean like like uh pay for for for for for for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you you you you you you okay um I mean I mean uh where you will meet. Today's European today's European European European European European European today's European today's European today's European today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in in in in in in each like so you know so I mean one of us has never ceased to challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge and fascinate me for more uh well I mean well uh than 25 years. I've I've I've I've I've I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion you know um um um um um um okay uh um for the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on like uh so so so so so so uh like Spotify or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on on on on on on. All well so um uh okay right. So today so today so today so today today today today today today so today so today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for for for for for for the and we'll uh like like well okay be considering opening day happens this this this this this this month. So basically the MLB is in I mean you know um like well well well well well well a really weird weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way okay um um um um um um you know um I mean into a World Series and it's possible that the Red Red Red Red Red Red Sox did as I mean I mean uh okay like well. And I just I I I I I I don't really know what to think at this point, but so um um okay so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna make my predictions for next year. So To put it lightly. I like like like like like like I mean you know um okay think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
This is this is this is this is this is this is our our our our our our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down okay uh you you you you you you know okay okay the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years years years years years years in this episode like okay okay you know like were journeying back to 1994 and and and and and and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national you know um well you know know know know know know um team's loss in the World Cup. It was it was it was it was was was was was was it was it was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar uh uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more more more more more more shocking sports okay um so you know like events from history tune in in in in in in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free I mean well like uh like like like like like like on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 22 22 22 22 22 minutes into I mean okay um um I mean Columbia second match in in in in in in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes so like like okay so closed closed closed closed closed closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome to season season season season season season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing okay um like you know know know know know know well that podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom okay um uh I mean uh. Slash Nori podcasts. There are there are there there there there there there are there are there are there are various tiers with different types of goodies available available available available available available well well um I mean I mean. Do you want to receive a special newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter digestive what Nori knots um okay uh um you know are reading that week be be be be be be a part of a Nori book club get special I mean okay um um um um um um I mean um access to Nori events. Go take a look at patreon.com Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori podcast for what we're well well like like like offering and in that Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of well so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean um way that That, you know, we like to do this list of goodies goodies goodies goodies goodies goodies is subject like okay uh uh you know to change and we'd very much like like like like like like your feedback. Is there is there is there is there is there is there something you you you you you you know like um well I mean that you'd really like to see but it isn't listed listed listed listed listed listed here honest feedback does you know so well well well a lot to help us us us us us us shape what we offer to you. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you can you can send okay um you know like uh an email to podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast at Nori.com or fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our okay I mean so so so so so so okay I mean newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so much much much much much much for so um I mean uh like listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a I I I I I I mean okay you know well like while since we had episode with just me and Gerard Gerard Gerard Gerard Gerard Gerard So today we're going to I mean um so uh like have a discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the now the now the now the the the the the the now the now the way we're defining flipping well well I mean well well well well well well well for the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked I I I I I I mean I mean like okay so up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the the the the the the conversation and now onto like um you know like I mean the episode. Hot Hot Hot Hot Hot Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to like like like like like like okay I mean so like leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over over over over over over. We're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording like like like like like like you know I mean um you know this on Monday morning. So at so at at at at at at so at so at so at so at this point we've at least had a a a a a a um okay okay uh like couple days to digest some of the performances from the the the the the the skill position players and okay I mean um I mean I mean that's that's that's that's that's that's what we're going to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay uh like the combine. And I know I said this on last week's show show show show show show but I have so well okay like so to reiterate you cannot freak out about one one one one one one data point from the combine. These I mean I mean well uh well are are are are are are Incredibly talented athletes. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an like like well well well well well well um like example, but they're / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't make you wildly uh okay like um like swinging your view of a player but but but but but but we did learn some things some players so well um you know um had much much much much much much better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest scandals like you know like uh okay in American political history. This is number 36 36 36 36 36 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman was charged okay uh well um uh with three three three three three three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional staff for personal use um um um um um um well okay you know well 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was was was was was was getting ready to participate I mean okay okay uh you know in a sting mission mission mission mission mission mission for the FBI the past few years on the hill you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had had had had had had been poking around okay you know um like you know his Finance records. They were were were were were were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his like so okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play nice nice nice nice nice nice for a you know you know like so um couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the the the the the the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I well well well well well well um um you know you know talked a lot about getting out of your your your your your your mind getting out of the head and why I mean you know so um well that's that's that's that's that's that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um I mean at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she she she she she she shared some awesome insights well um uh um um on what she does to get back back back back back back tuned in with her heart tuned in like I mean okay okay so with source and spirit spirit spirit spirit spirit spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite okay quite okay okay okay okay okay okay quite okay quite okay quite okay quite okay I mean uh okay uh some time ago ago ago ago ago ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would uh uh okay like like like like like like I mean like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a a a a a a schedule. I don't know exactly like okay well like well what that schedule is is is is is is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now I mean so well uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean. So just so just so just so just so just so just just just just just just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it um so so so so so so uh like I mean because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be be be be be be following me on Instagram. I'll post I'll post I'll post I'll post I'll post I'll post it up there.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the the the the the the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we well well well well well well well okay uh so chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light light light light light light through up something delicious and uh well like um like sit with us us us us us us for a spell. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to this episode of The Magic on uh like um like so the inside podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm Sarah head magic maker maker maker maker maker maker at the sisters Enchanted where I mean um I mean I mean well we aim to to to to to to help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and um uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean like everyday magic in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about about about about about about the world like okay well um uh of True Crime letting you dive even even even even even even deeper into some of the most notorious so um like well well subjects every week week week week week week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring the most I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh well fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected collected collected collected collected collected short clips from well okay well uh you know some of our most popular podcast Originals Originals Originals Originals Originals Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, like motivation method um um so well I mean and Madness and show how interconnected the the the the the the True Crime world really is you can find these like um well well so original original original original original original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of of of of of of um you know so so like episodes that we used will be posted in the description description description description description description today. We're discussing cases of uh uh uh you know I mean notorious assassins. What What What What What What motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is today is today today today today today today is today is today is today is March 3rd the boys I mean well um um um um um um well okay from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are are are are are are we um so well I mean um we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We We We We We We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you said with okay so I mean so so so so so so like mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's got an incredible story, but what's um so so so so so so so you know so the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't won't won't won't won't won't believe what this man's well okay uh you know I mean actual name is and and and and and and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his I mean um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean so location just a block away for over four years going it to the University well well well well well well well okay uh like of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more like like like like like like well like like so voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel gospel gospel gospel gospel gospel and holding fast like so okay um like to the Traditions passed down to us us us us us us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There so okay uh you know um um um um um um are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to well well well well well well I mean um uh you know start a podcast anchor dot f m is is is is is is a great podcast hosting platform. If um uh okay like so you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let you know I I I I I I mean so um um me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to to to to to to record and so um so I mean okay edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute your um uh well so well podcast for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more okay uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so so you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything well like so like you know you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested I mean so uh so I I I I I I mean download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm Vincent I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Vincent I'm Vincent I'm Vincent I'm Vincent I'm Vincent Rim I mean I mean like like like like like like um well. I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure it's it's it's it's it's it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week so so uh I I I I I I mean um starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the the the the the the past like uh so uh okay week. We got the NFL. We got the beef beef beef beef beef beef between James Harden and Giannis like so you know okay um antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo. Yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir MVP race and then then then then then then be a and finally talk on it. We're going to I mean uh like like like like like like I mean okay touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them them them them them them. All right okay like okay uh so lot talk about co co Hey, what's up up up up up up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day well um okay so you know outside somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward looking forward looking forward looking forward looking forward forward forward forward forward forward looking forward to this week, but it's I mean uh like I mean okay great pests pests pests pests pests pests who week of sports the past week as far as been amazing okay you know know know know know know I mean like you know. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about um um um um um um I mean well you know so hiring a room in the village hall for for for for for for the evening of September the first let so uh so like okay me just just just just just just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our okay you know uh uh so so so so so so main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the the the the the the so so like like like child sunroom CH AR. LT o lT o lT lT lT lT lT lT o lT o lT o lT o n that's got seating for up to 100 100 100 100 100 100 you know well um uh okay. Well, we well, we well, we well, we well, well, well, well, well, well, we well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity you know like like like like like like you know uh uh and we're hoping for at least a hundred and fifty fifty fifty fifty fifty fifty people so I um you know um like uh think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is well like like I I I I I I mean so not suitable for work because swearing is encouraged. It's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like it's like a Pinchot after dark but so um well okay okay okay okay okay okay well it's a podcast. I'm Kat I'm Kat I'm Kat I'm Kat I'm Kat I'm Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean like like nib episode 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in in in in in in okay I mean um like um literal like a month ago about a month like going going going going going going through withdrawal. We keep okay um well okay uh it withdrawal. It's terrible. We We We We We We usually we usually we usually we usually we usually we usually record In advance and and and and and and we caught up on well well like you know like all of our episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes. So this will come out actually the week we're recording it I mean so so so so so so uh I mean like. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in the air on the way way way way way way to Baltimore. When do you well okay like uh well leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what well, what well, what well, what well, what well, what what what what what what are you drinking John? Hmm you know okay okay so um Ice Mountain cloud castle castle castle castle castle castle spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure like I mean I I I I I I mean I mean okay normalizing what it means to be a mother and a a a a a a sexual being welcome back uh well uh so okay to the mangas and podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this week. We are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are so excited to sit down you know I mean okay I mean well with with with with with with the authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was it was was was was was was it was it was it was it was an well like like so well well well well well well amazing conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How you know know know know know know okay um so like do you use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods periods periods periods periods periods of no flow the postpartum uh um I mean uh I mean void and and and and and and essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who so like um um um um um um uh you know work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I and I and I and and and and and and I and I and I am here to tell like like well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay you about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this this this this this this well well well you know you know is the app. I use to create create create create create create my podcast and I heard about it from you know uh uh well um a friend friend friend friend friend friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first first first first first first like um well you know like oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how how how how how how am I going to uh well like you know um do it? I have I have have have have have have I have I have I have I have no equipment. I have no money and I I I I I I want to ensure that you know um like like like all our voices out here here here here here here in the Midwest get heard and how do we do I mean well you you you you you you know um uh that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of of of of of of money, especially when you don't know uh so well uh I mean what to do do do do do do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation tools okay uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh um that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright bright bright bright bright bright from your phone or computer like uh you know well well anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify well so so so so so so so well um Apple podcast and many more and you can make money with your your your your your your pockets, which like well well so you know is the most amazing thing ever ever ever ever ever ever with no minimum listenership. So if so if so if so if so if if if if if if so if you're ready, I'm okay okay well well like going to tell you right now now now now now now to just do it. It's everything you need well okay I mean I mean you you you you you you know to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England. Join Join Join Join Join Join like join like join like join like join like join like you know um well well well well well well well us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms Realms Realms Realms Realms Realms grab so so like okay well your D6 and get ready for the priority roll roll roll roll roll roll. Hello and welcome to Priority I mean so okay um um roll. My name is Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only Ben um so you know um um um um um um so Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's It's It's It's It's It's really. Weird I mean uh um like well listen to you at normal speed speed speed speed speed speed because when I listen to podcasts so is it I mean like um um um um um um okay well time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe I maybe I maybe I maybe I maybe I maybe I should so so so so so so okay well well um turn to be like this really quickly is that you you you you you you know, my dulcet well so uh uh okay tones at times to you you you you you you surely want to listen to me, you know, get so well you know okay um get get get get get get the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me in well well well well well well I mean like like you know right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there so there so there so so so so so so there so there so there is okay you know so so uh no need need need need need need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, like I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like well this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll pass at some point you know okay well I mean I mean and movement really really really really really really seems to make all the difference which I think is so like okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay you know cool. Hello, everybody today. We are we are we are we are we are are are are are are we are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients and she's you you you you you you know so you know like you know actually turned into a quite a a a a a a dear friend of mine during our time together. And um you know you know know know know know know um you know so today we are going to be having a conversation about her her her her her her journey that I mean I mean I mean um I mean led up to her her her her her her and I working together where she's at. Now what she you know I mean so you you you you you you know I mean likes about our time together things that you can't stand also also also also also also perhaps we'll see where it you know okay so so like goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know you know Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of of of of of of worse shit. Yeah, it's you know uh I mean um I mean usually usually usually usually usually usually a bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally you know know know know know know you know um um so like analgesics and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus. Yeah. I so well I mean I mean like can't wait either. I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little I mean I I I I I I mean you know you know um my hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have have have have have have all the you know like so well okay power say that a normal voice voice voice voice voice voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and so well well well well well well okay uh well I'm Johan and this week. We've got we've got we've got we've we've we've we've we've we've got we've got we've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I I I I I I um I mean so like well guess we're going to try and just talk about about about about about about something reason that's so like okay you know so happened in the news and and and and and and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of I mean um you you you you you you know uh um entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump went um um you know you know um to India. Oh, yes Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, uh you you you you you you know well well um okay look before we These I know everyone like beats beats beats beats beats beats up on well um like uh uh Trump all the time and we've tried tried tried tried tried tried to avoid it because they like to well you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean so be boring right now. I want I want I want I want I I I I I I want I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is um uh well well well well well well I mean um hilariously like this is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would would would would would would have seen you know I mean I mean I mean you know the movie movie movie movie movie movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? uh like uh like like like like like like uh like uh like uh like uh like okay I mean well Yeah, and and and and and and I mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to you know so so so so so so well um like talk about them, which is good. I mean who's having a leave leave leave leave leave leave the most okay like so you know you know unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. That's very very true. But man but man but man but man but man but man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is Pastor Steven lead lead lead lead lead lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you so I mean well you know so so so so so so well much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You You You You You You okay like I mean you know um inspires you and empowers you to follow follow follow follow follow follow Jesus like never before let's go check out you know you know like well like like like like like like today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are are are are are are as I mean okay you know um I mean a church and I just want to to to to to to I just want to take this opportunity to encourage you like uh um um um um um um well well and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco something something something something something something in uncertain like you know uh um okay. May God go in and bring bring bring bring bring bring it on. I believe we are going like you know well so so somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to be be be be be be in our um uh you know you know I mean midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised this like well you know um uh episode includes discussions of murder and assault that that that that that that some people may find offensive I mean like so like okay. We advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night I I I I I I mean so I mean so you know in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb suburb suburb suburb suburb suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson like uh well you know okay a a a a a a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street weighed down down down down down down you know you know okay um like by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She She She She She She had come to Aloha from um okay um I mean well Rochester Minnesota looking for for for for for for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless um okay um well well well well well well um days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Scott Knudson call you know okay I I I I I I mean uh okay today. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High High High High High High School and uh you know you know um I mean a national euphonium player player player player player player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as um I mean like so like like like like like like the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in in in in in in I mean well I mean you know okay 2018 choose accept into the California California California California California California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one okay uh so okay well of of the the the the the the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been okay um so so so so so so well uh accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation nation nation nation nation nation this um you know so okay okay past summer Natalie's placed second in the student division division division division division division of the international euphonium like okay I mean okay okay and tuba is festivals solo solo solo solo solo solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes um okay well so um account called called called called called called youth he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay okay with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear schmear schmear schmear schmear schmear. That's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect for spreading okay okay okay okay okay okay so um so um on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should should should should should should be the like um um well so only subject for debate the cream cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this uh um so I mean I I I I I I mean since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris so so uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler uh uh I mean uh uh you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the the the the the the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay so okay so okay so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so um I mean um you know Southwest this episode of the the the the the the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines okay like um um well. Yeah. It It It It It It is it is it is it is it is it is the airline of of of of of of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not not not not not not a doctor or um well you know well so a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like like like like like like to well um okay okay well encourage all of you to download the free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd well you know you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did did did did did did um like well okay uh not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If If If If If If I had only known it uh like okay uh well like five ten ten ten ten ten ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I okay uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay okay have record my voice in it and just click post and and and and and and anchor will well okay I mean well okay do all the job for me me me me me me. It will publish it in all the major podcast okay like well well so sides sides sides sides sides sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to okay you you you you you you know I mean I mean you know do anything else. So this is just too too too too too too awesome guys. You also need like like like okay okay to make use use use use use use of it. If you if you if you if you if you if you have have have have have have a message if you have some okay uh okay um um come content, which you feel feel feel feel feel feel that needs to reach out to the world or uh like um well so simply simply simply simply simply simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my now my now now now now now now my now my now my now my okay okay uh like you know know know know know know Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to I mean mean mean mean mean mean so um okay well the one Bitcoin show. Today is today is today is today is is is is is is today is today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin you know know know know know know well okay okay I mean is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. We're going so okay I mean you know you know to talk about that today today today today today today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean like like offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you um um um um um um you know like like you know a little bit today about some happen to to to to to to me the other day and they've asked I mean uh so um like me if if if if if if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my life life life life life life. I so well um like uh think it'll change your life. It changed his life life life life life life changed my aunts life changed everybody's life okay like like okay you know. So I was was was was was was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I walked in there and okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so uh you know I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford ain't working right and Skeeter like you know so you know like walk in he he he he he he didn't know I was doing two skaters kind of stupid and he like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean well so was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell you want want want want want want to take like um like I mean okay a seat right there. Tie a seat right right right right right right there. He said he said he said he said he said he said I I I I I I want to tell like um so um well you about something that I found out they they they they they they if you haven't heard about well so like so you know it. I I I I I I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says it's called anchor and um so like like like like like like you know I mean it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I I I I I I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is uh like like like like like like uh uh okay Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited excited excited excited excited excited today. We've got like so I mean you know okay a couple of a couple couple couple couple couple couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop uh well um um um um um um I mean uh on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles and see what's I mean I mean uh you know uh going on over in in in in in in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying The like you know like like like like like like okay well coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do do do do do do this. I want um okay um I mean like to hear scoop. Yeah. So this this this this this this is this is an interesting one and something I've so well um I mean um um um um um um been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening know that that that that that that well like um um like Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot but I mean like um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops of any any any any any any kind so I mean um you know like and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 13 13 13 13 13 okay okay well so um 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old old old old old old who went to I mean well um well okay visit a financial planner planner planner planner planner planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the you know you know know know know know know okay okay okay author of the article shared that through to over the phone phone phone phone phone phone sessions in a couple of you know uh so okay like weeks of financial reflection. She She She She She She found that she didn't have to give up things. She uh so uh well well well well well well well really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and and and and and and helped well like um I mean so her to make productive spending cuts during the the the the the the sessions. Which each lasted uh so so um like about an hour they discussed her her her her her her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit so so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh okay card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended intended intended intended intended intended to I mean well so like uh help her prepare and save for the future future future future future future. It's encouraging it's encouraging it's encouraging it's encouraging it's encouraging it's encouraging to know that that that that that that so you know well so um the Bible is full of wise advice advice advice advice advice advice on how to handle and you know I mean so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the you know know know know know know okay so okay you know Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today today today today today today. Let's hear it again wealth so okay like I mean you know from get-rich-quick schemes quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly disappears. Well from well from well from well from well from well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career career career career career career paths you know um you know well uh creative Endeavors and the every evasive evasive evasive evasive evasive evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The uh so like uh uh Road Less Traveled Traveled Traveled Traveled Traveled Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and Hoops. We well well well well well well we well we well we well we well we well I mean well so so so so so so well all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host host host host host host. Host okay so like um um Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert expert expert expert expert expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor I mean okay so you know well and certified oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know uh you know going to be sitting down with another multi - it whom whom whom whom whom whom I admired deeply to um like like I mean so talk through their their their their their their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot beaches? You You You You You You can't uh well like like you know hope to control we talked about peace peace peace peace peace peace and you kill cuz it's fun. You like um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments well I I I I I I mean well so so participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast me. But I but I but I but I but I but I guess guess guess guess guess guess so uh like like well that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, here, here, here, here, here, but you came a personal experiences okay uh okay like um guy is capoeira capoeira capoeira capoeira capoeira capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie I I I I I I mean like so uh you know such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not do not do not do not do not do do do do do do not well like I mean so like reflect the views and policies of Spotify or or or or or or the producer and curator of I mean you know you know you know like this this this this this this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the because the because the because the because because because because because because the because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an like um I mean okay okay Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast you know know know know know know okay so um you know. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that that that that that that allow you to record and so okay so so so edit your podcast right from from from from from from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for okay you you you you you you know uh like I mean you. So it so it so it so so so so so so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more you uh uh like I mean um can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need like um like um like to make podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo okay well you you you you you you know uh so the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm you know you know I mean so like like like like like like so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom okay okay okay okay okay okay well so well uh expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that that that that that that wealth is not just about how much you know uh okay um you know know know know know know money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your your your your your your personal life um I mean okay I mean so your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that okay okay okay okay okay okay so like I mean like the word of God you can seem to be be be be be be dying light and it will well like you know um so be priced. This This This This This This is this is this is this is this is this is episode number 12 to to to to to to this word will be read from John 15 verses uh well uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay 9 through 17. As the as the as the as the as the as as as as as as the father has loved me. So have so have so have so have so have so so so so so so have I Loved You Now well um like okay so remain in my my my my my my love. If you if you if you if you if you if you keep my my my my my my commands, you will remain in my love you know uh so well you know know know know know know just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love I okay um um um um um um well uh you know have told you this so that my joy may be in in in in in in you and that your well okay well okay you know joy may be complete. My My My My My My command is this love each other as I have loved you like okay you know know know know know know well well greater love has no one than this to lay down one's life for for for for for for As friends I mean you know you know uh okay you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want want want want want want to you know like uh like um thank you for your support and listening to each each each each each each episode and I hope you enjoy this uh well um you know okay one one one one one one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's It's It's It's It's It's you know um okay um so totally free that's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right you know okay you know so well from your your your your your your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you well like like like like like like like uh you know can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and and and and and and many more you can okay you know uh you know uh also make money money money money money money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful um so so so so so so well well so podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to to to to to to get started. Hey, uh so uh you know well what's up guys today? We have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have what is perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps the oldest question in the book one well okay uh uh I mean that that that that that that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one that I I I I I I so uh well okay you know think every single human being comes face-to-face with with with with with with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half half half half half half like so I mean so well Molly's. I am use of Muhammad formerly known known known known known known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm okay like um so well just playing I'm doing good good good good good good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly um like um like um. I'm with with with with with with formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say so so so so so so well uh I mean you know to you is go ahead. And anyways, and anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, and anyways, and anyways, and anyways, and anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the buying Graphics Graphics Graphics Graphics Graphics Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired you know like I mean so like like like like like like on YouTube. So the so the so the so the so the so so so so so so the used to be a visual element. There is there is there is there there there there there there is there is there is not any more you know well uh well well well well well well I mean. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're maybe you're maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe you're maybe you're maybe you're maybe you're out walking the dog or I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know well driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the the the the the the video version. This uh well okay okay I mean is why why why why why why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do well well well well well well okay I mean uh so leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really really really really really really do appreciate it and let's uh uh okay so you know get into this episode. So So So So So So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius um I mean I mean so so so so so so you know of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme theme theme theme theme theme parks the influence you know you know I mean uh you know of Walt Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You okay you you you you you you know I mean I mean so could love him. You can hate him or you you you you you you can love to hate him so well like okay okay but you simply cannot ignore ignore ignore ignore ignore ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is well okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with with with with with with 236 billion okay okay well well um dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when um um um um um um okay you know you know um Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a a a a a a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included uh like like you know okay her reading reading reading reading reading reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like um um Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni are mixed on its you know you know well um so inclusion on Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the well um um uh uh uh uh uh uh well show to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led led led led led led by user like uh um you know I mean and ingenious username saying how the producers producers producers producers producers producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying like so okay so so and and and and and and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at at at at at at The I mean I mean uh um okay Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability for their role in facilitating toxic like okay um you know uh environments. The The The The The The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain like okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like like. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but but but but but but every single season there so I mean well um well will be multiple villains villains villains villains villains villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then like I mean you know well well well well well well you know confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at at at at at at College you know you know uh so you know Christian church for the college age age age age age age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness I mean like uh like like like like like like so in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you you you you you you doing? Girl? I'm so okay um uh well doing so good. Good. We're so so so so so so happy to have you here. Taylor is going to I mean you know okay you know know know know know know well walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today's well I I I I I I mean so uh I mean podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness started with you? It started uh okay like well okay in high school. I could could could could could could see it sprouting, but I had a good Community I mean um well well well well well well so well there, but it really started to take effect my first year in in in in in in college definitely well I mean okay so you know hundred percent and what ways do do do do do do you think like a kind of came about so you know so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay in college? Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I I I I I I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but okay like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean well I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest um um um um um um I mean so you know um way to make a podcast and it's actually made it it it it it it very easy for me to um I mean you know so so provide you all all all all all all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has it has it has it has it it it it it it has it has creation tools that allow me I mean so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may may may may may may remember Episodes okay well um I mean you know of my podcast were originally recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded using my phone and anchor made it very easy well I mean uh I I I I I I mean like for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone phone phone phone phone phone. It's everything you you know so well um well need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the Gospel Gospel Gospel Gospel Gospel Gospel reading I mean uh uh like well from today's mass and then we're going going going going going going to try and provide an exegesis of well um well so so the literal literal literal literal literal literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 like like like like like like like um okay you know verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You You You You You You have you have you have you have you have you have learned how it okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so so so was said you must love your neighbor and hate your your your your your your enemy. But I but I but I but I but I but I say this this this this this this to you know uh you know I mean um you love your enemies and pray pray pray pray pray pray for those who persecute you in this way well uh well okay well. You You You You You You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know I mean I mean sun to rise on bad bad bad bad bad bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m m m m m m uh well um you know like. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool tool tool tool tool tool. And it gives you everything you need you know so so um okay to to to to to to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels um so so so so so so um uh like including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge charge charge charge charge charge you can make um uh so like like money with no minimum listenership and and and and and and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor you know so like so so app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my hello, my my my my my my hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy you you you you you you know I mean so uh like with poles and some killed her today. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder I mean like so um um of two birds birds birds birds birds birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt um okay like like like like like like you know well gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for for for for for for a song by like um so so well brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the the the the the the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when polls like uh well um you know know know know know know at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers beers beers beers beers beers on so uh well um you know tap from two birds and we go go go go go go through the episode and we try and have a uh okay like so so so so so so well taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to par cast cast cast cast cast cast a daily today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring the first of our two episodes like okay uh I mean um on Michelle Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend like um like well well well well well well uh Conrad Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and well well well well well well um okay I mean so then encouraged him to commit suicide he did is is is is is is she responsible for his death or um um so uh okay did the medication she she she she she she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So you know um you you you you you you know like I mean it's like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you get uh okay I mean um okay your podcasts. Due to to to to to to due to due to due to due to due to the graphic nature of of of of of of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode uh so you know well you know know know know know know includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one one one one one one word um okay so like so. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start start start start start start and make a podcast. I'll you know you know like well so explain you see see see see see see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that like you know okay uh you you you you you you know allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or computer. And um okay like well so once you finish recording you let let let let let let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too I mean you know like like like like like like like well many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now now now now now now well like uh I mean you know not only is Anchor easy to use but but but but but but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for I mean well well I mean um um um um um um you to make money talking about the things that you love with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum um okay like like well listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This This This This This This is too good to be true uh like you know um so. How much much much much much much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you are you are you are are are are are are you are you are you ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and and and and and and Channing I mean like well like so show. So I so I so I so so so so so so I so I so I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here here here here here here. Maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's uh like um uh uh uh uh uh uh you know just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who who who who who who aren't uh um um uh so listening in the morning? Good night for another another another another another another episode of the my coolant shitty show I mean okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of that. Does it does it does it does it does it it it it it it does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you well uh you you you you you you know like I mean are listening to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey. Thanks you know so so like you know for listening for the first time. We're We're We're We're We're We're really glad you're nice to meet you like uh well I mean um um um um um um how it look like you hit play Hey for all of you that that that that that that well I mean uh you know like haven't done this already. We'd love for for for for for for you to subscribe and give us five stars um I mean you know so okay. That'll help help help help help help. Bus out you can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow follow follow follow follow follow so uh so like so us on Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for you as well well well well well well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and and and and and and a 30 well so so you know you know day free trial at wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom. Adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand titles uh okay uh so I I I I I I mean to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we we we we we we get into like uh okay so like today's episode. I just I just I just just just just just just I just I just I just want to take a minute to talk to you you you you you you about making um uh you know okay well authentic friendships. You might you might might might might might might you might you might you might you might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode 34 of so like so like like Adventures in autism. She is an an an an an an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web like okay so okay like app that that that that that that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make well well well well well well uh I mean I mean I mean friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic geographic geographic geographic geographic geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign uh uh um you know so up to to to to to to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host host host host host host you know so okay well uh many of you might already know that we we we we we we record each episode using anchor, but like you know like okay um if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's you know okay well well well well well well so so the easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from from from from from from I mean uh well um well the podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy easy easy easy easy easy to use with I mean like well so like creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer so okay you you you you you you know well well anchor distributes your podcast for you. That you can listen on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast okay uh uh like uh and many other platforms and and and and and and the best part is it's free. It's everything you uh okay you know know know know know know you know well need to make a podcast in one place. So get on on on on on on it and go download okay you know okay well uh the free anchor app or or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started so um um uh I mean today today today today today today. Why is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness witness witness witness witness witness nor like okay okay I mean well Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And And And And And And thank God. I don't you know you know okay like so know about you you you you you you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up okay okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh you know to pre-spring and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give give give give give give so uh like um like me something to work with and we certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly have something to work with feel like okay you know okay so like like like like like like we're answering August questions in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's um well well well well well well okay uh okay interested in that stuff and That's what we do but it's good good good good good good to have a practice you know so um so well under our belt we can can can can can can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to well you know okay like like like like like like well start with the in book because and Pete I saw you put out a a a a a a you know I mean I mean so I mean list yesterday of the the the the the the guys that stood out to you and I put out a so I mean mean mean mean mean mean so so so list this morning of the five that the five that thrived I I I I I I thought um I mean I mean well I mean yesterday and I we were were were were were were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your I mean like uh like um um um um um um list, but but Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean he really really threw the football very well.
Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast I mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know I mean okay. I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I hope I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life life life life life life um I mean well you know like again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real real real real real real never perfect and most of the um um I mean um okay time messy. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I so um um um um um um um okay um have my good friend will with me on the show. What up, up, up, up, up, up, he is well um well um so from Texas. Yeah good to have a a a a a a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But uh okay you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh today we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world world world world world world um so you know you know well and what that looks like is that that that that that that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell well um uh well you know me a little little little little little little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the uh I I I I I I mean well you know okay reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova Tova Tova Tova Tova Tova breakfast is also sponsored like so you know I mean okay anonymously in in in in in in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but simcha, but simcha, but simcha, but but but but but but simcha, but simcha, but Sophia will be myth so you know uh I mean well well well well well well karev to her proper. She look she look she look she look she look look look look look look she look today as well as all the singles of marriageable I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo Shlomo Shlomo Shlomo Shlomo Shlomo three, so in loving memory I mean I mean like well I mean and Lena shmatte shmatte shmatte shmatte shmatte shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold brew is I mean um um you you you you you you know um dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas empanadas empanadas empanadas empanadas empanadas and watch uh you know well so uh them out for my in maruyama attack attack attack attack attack attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom family Robert um uh so um well. I Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked it survey the so so so so so so uh so uh I mean pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was you know know know know know know you know uh uh like asking this is a clinic. This is is is is is is Aztec basketball. What's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up as as as as as as tech fans? Welcome um I mean I mean okay like to the Aztec Aztec Aztec Aztec Aztec Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. I'm not joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of I I I I I I mean uh you know uh well scheduling things. Like I've said today the plan is I I I I I I you know, I really uh I mean um you know well struggled over the the the the the the course of the week to come up with things that you know well well well well well well well I mean okay I wanted to talk about. And you and you and you and and and and and and you and you and you know, I woke up this morning and I mean you know know know know know know well well um I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee. We're okay you know so okay um your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby Abby Abby Abby Abby Abby today. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to tell tell tell tell tell tell you guys about the like okay well um like Florence hair salon murders in Montana Montana Montana Montana Montana Montana. And this was a case suggestion by a so so like I mean like like like like like like apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening you you you you you you know um okay so okay and leaving a comment for us and we're excited excited excited excited excited excited to share this case so okay I mean so okay with you support yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On okay I mean uh like like like like like like like November 6 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Florence Florence Florence Florence Florence I mean um okay well well Montana to get her nails done. Her appointment was at at at at at at 11 a.m. She had arrived a so okay uh uh like little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
There were there were there were there were there were there were two two two two two two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found they found they found they found they they they they they they found they found will tell like uh well so okay you how the investigator investigator investigator investigator investigator investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it okay you know like like like like like like um like takes years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959 1959 1959 1959 1959 1959. A man was born who um so so well you know would eventually be tried for for for for for for the murder of a single woman. It would take years like well okay I I I I I I mean well for police to connect him to four other murders years and a a a a a a clever. A gator agator agator agator agator agator like well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, but your bones you know I mean okay like uh chilled sit back and start start start start start start your day with a morning cup of murder on well you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay well May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside inside inside inside inside inside um um you know okay like of her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by by by by by by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But I I I I I I mean you know I mean so well first, let me tell you about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast so so uh I mean uh. Let me me me me me me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation creation creation creation creation creation you know uh um I mean okay tools that allow you to record and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone you know like I mean I mean I I I I I I mean or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be be be be be be um you know so okay so heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places places places places places places to list keeps on well um you know um you know growing and you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you I mean I mean you know you know so need. Need to make a podcast in in in in in in one place. So get started today start your uh okay um so okay podcast get your your your your your your voice out there download the free anchor app or go you know you know know know know know know like like like to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get get get get get get started and now a word about Spotify so like okay so well on Spotify. You You You You You You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts so you know know know know know know like okay I mean about artists all in one place for free. You don't you you you you you you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't even need a I mean like like like like like like you know like so premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on on on on on on every topic including like uh so um uh the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay episode of my beach hats. How are how are how are how how how how how how are how are how are you guys doing today? I hope you you you you you you you know um well I mean so had a good day. We're using the mic this this this this this this time. So you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome for well I mean like so uh that. Yeah, except yeah, except yeah, except yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, except yeah, except yeah, except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it it it it it it to each well okay I mean you know you know other. You're some like that's that's that's that's that's that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa I mean like I I I I I I mean I mean so. Um, we've got some great stuff in store for you. We We We We We We have we have we have we have we have we have a stick listen listen listen listen listen listen so so okay uh like to this. Okay. That was fun. What are what what what what what what are what are what are what are what are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um so second to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way um um uh uh you know to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you know um um um um um um uh um I mean you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from your phone or computer I mean like well well like. Anchor will distribute your your your your your your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify so okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean. Apple pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with with with with with with um like like I mean um no minimum listenership and it's everything you need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place well well uh well like download the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um uh okay started. Are you going to love this one? I put put put put put put out so much content so like you know you know like that if you listen listen listen listen listen listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you know like like like like like like uh you know um you by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors a podcast hosting and okay uh you know well well distribution side and an app app app app app app is well, if you aren't aware of what it okay well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find like like like like like like I mean um well so out anchor will help you distribute a podcast to to to to to to iTunes and the various different platforms um okay well um you know. It also has has has has has has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your like um well um like podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have have have have have have a nice like uh um you know uh podcast all in one place. So, So, So, So, So, So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go um so like um so so so so so so to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, bro, I'm good well well um I mean um. And it's going good. Pretty good good good good good good. Thanks for doing this for me, man. I think like so um uh so I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
Yes. Hi. I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall. See so uh like like like like like like okay like if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to to to to to to hell and uh well um um uh today is going to be extremely exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I with us okay um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I sold myself myself myself myself myself myself okay you know um uh I mean short on the last episode about my my my my my my romantic capabilities. I think I came up on uh so I mean okay uh the the the the the the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My boyfriend for Valentine's so so so so so so I mean okay uh um Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I I I I I I personally think I've trumped his so well uh um um romantic capability is because I I I I I I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay you know uh I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide to to to to to to you know like so like you know get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build build build build build build resilient bodies for life and racing uh I mean you know I mean okay we're we're we're we're we're we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and accomplished I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh well like uh guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained entertained entertained entertained entertained entertained on those long slow runs like I mean uh well okay. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and weightlifting coach uh well um I mean so so so so so so and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert expert expert expert expert expert extraordinaire okay I mean uh like like. You can like us on Facebook at facebookcom facebookcom facebookcom facebookcom facebookcom facebookcom. Slash and draw stronger and on Instagram well um well okay well and Twitter and draw draw draw draw draw draw stronger. You can you can you can you can you can you can also join our our our our our our Facebook Community by clicking so uh uh so like visit group on our page page page page page page and sending us a member of West if you're enjoying well uh like um um um um um um um the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
Welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone to the the the the the the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask um so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean that is my best friend since the second grade when I was was was was was was seven uh so so okay I mean years old Nate nasty couple of nicknames nicknames nicknames nicknames nicknames nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace um so I mean so uh Qbert Qbert Qbert Qbert Qbert Qbert Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure I I I I I I mean well I mean I mean so you I'm going to tell you those those those those those those stories from all over. The years the years the years the years the years years years years years years the years but the so uh you know you know um reason we're looking looking looking looking looking looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity well well well well well well um uh uh you know to disappear and I'm not saying like three four four four four four four weeks at a time or so like I mean well um maybe even a a a a a a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking six like well well well well well well you know I mean well months to a year. This man this man this this this this this this man this man this man this man can disappear at times. He has a lot lot lot lot lot lot of stuff I mean so so like um going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business business business business business business so okay I mean well I mean owners looking for a better way in business business business business business business and life this week. We're so um so you know um looking for a better way way way way way way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know well you know know know know know know I mean um okay what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this this this this this this you know uh so uh you know week because I like I just went went went went went went to revisit it a wee bit and uh like so I mean well I realized realized realized realized realized realized so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um doing since I read this book, but it kind of just just just just just just there so intuitive uh so um so you know they just kind of made their their their their their their way into my routine because I was aware of well um well uh um a a a a a a way to do things better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? this this this this this um so I mean uh I mean Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even even even even even even use it you know uh um I mean um. I know I don't even think think think think think think we get past the Faustian and right so hello so um uh you know know know know know know like. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest for for for for for for haven't uh you know like uh so eaten the sexy. Lift my lift lift lift lift lift lift my lift my lift my lift my lift my English the funding. What are are are are are are you here so like well uh uh for the title of the show some some some some some some Pisco rational brought up but English on you know well uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean the translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend so bend so so so so so so bend so bend so bend so bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben um um um um um um well okay um uh tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating well like I mean well well Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So So So So So So stick around when I so okay so like uh was a kid. Kid growing up up up up up up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or well you know I I I I I I mean like so 14 years old. I was having a tough time making a decision decision decision decision decision decision on whether I wanted like like okay I mean I mean to accept an offer offer offer offer offer offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a uh well you you you you you you know okay uh trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and like like like like like like you know so like I mean the community of Legends of runeterra. This episode is is is is is is supported by listeners like you okay um uh well okay to become a supporter of Legends Legends Legends Legends Legends Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this so well okay like like like like like like so. Hello and welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta and the I mean uh I mean I mean uh community of of of of of of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or I mean mean mean mean mean mean like so okay so the lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, well, well, well, well, well, actually nobody. This is okay you know uh I mean like a bit of an an an an an an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead unfortunately dead unfortunately dead unfortunately dead unfortunately dead unfortunately dead broke nerd nerd nerd nerd nerd nerd and I could not okay uh I mean okay like get our schedules to work work work work work work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen you you you you you you know you know okay so so to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one one one one one one place for free without so like I mean like you know a premium account Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic so uh uh I I I I I I mean so plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode well well well well well well well so you know uh premium users can download episodes to listen to offline offline offline offline offline offline wherever and whenever and easily share well like you know you know like what you're listening listening listening listening listening listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search search search search search search for Optimal Health daily I mean okay well um you know on Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow uh uh you know well well well well well well well me. So you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This I mean so okay okay um um um um um um is Optimal Health daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and and and and and and other I mean I mean so I mean uh fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of of of of of of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric traumatic okay well uh um okay hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho Ortho Ortho Ortho Ortho Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are like um okay um well usually posterior and and and and and and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than than than than than than 10 well I mean okay I mean like years of age treatment is urgent closed closed closed closed closed closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction okay well like like like may may may may may may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know so so injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of of of of of of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations you know okay okay like so. And these these these these these these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries these these these these these these injuries these injuries these injuries these injuries these injuries are um um I mean well you know know know know know know more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in like you you you you you you know well okay well patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low low low low low low energy sports well um so so so injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
Did you did you did you did you did you did you took your daughter go go go go go go to a party tonight stores called The so um so uh so Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky at lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did did did did did did like okay okay like so all that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was so like I mean well okay the unluckiest unluckiest unluckiest unluckiest unluckiest unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the so I I I I I I mean well uh you know island. So if so if so if so if so if if if if if if so if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Hello so like you know um I mean everybody and thanks for hanging hanging hanging hanging hanging hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those for those for those for those those those those those those for those for those so I mean uh um I mean of you who don't don't don't don't don't don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there you know uh um um well well well well well well were some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it it it it it it. I don't um you know I mean okay like know how much time you've had to to to to to to think about this but this is a um well um okay so new story story story story story story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I so I so so so so so so I so I so I so I okay you know well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay think it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette I I I I I I mean like okay uh so it is about the new baby. I figured we'd talk talk talk talk talk talk about it. Yes. I'm so okay uh okay I mean glad this up actually did as as as as as as much research. You looked into it to find out I mean okay well um you you you you you you know what her deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most most most most most most like okay um so well Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend friend friend friend friend friend spending their hard-earned money uh so um like well to buy tickets to come to to to to to to your shows. You don't need this right here. I well so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh promise you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll I mean you you you you you you know like well I mean throw a lasso around. Hey guys, this is Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe. He's a quick little intro on what okay so you know okay um you're about to to to to to to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher I I I I I I mean uh I mean um well At Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class class class class class class called leadership development. So he I mean okay uh okay you you you you you you know asked Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's it's it's it's it's it's really good talks like uh so so so about core values talks about how how how how how how important those are and how vital it is uh I mean uh so like like like like like like to know what your core values are so you can create culture within your team you you you you you you know uh like um like within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled you you you you you you know um you know well okay programming to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line line line line line line. We have um uh um okay you know our Flamingo correspondent Hi, how how how how how how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the like well um you you you you you you know you know American Museum of Natural History. You heard her on on on on on on our do not underestimate the I mean um um like like flamingo episode episode episode episode episode episode where we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature like well uh like like like like like like uh on the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our our our our our our urgent okay okay so um I mean call today. Sure. I don't know if if if if if if you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram like I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh so there has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw I I I I I I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw uh uh so well okay it. It It It It It It was, you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks um um um um um um okay okay uh well like a picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to you know know know know know know okay I mean well I mean the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV TV TV TV TV TV. I'm your host yell Segal uh well you know I mean well. I'm here here here here here here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and like well well well well well well okay I mean so you're the CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with being being being being being being with being with being with being with being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, like like like like like like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like okay uh well okay it's it's it's it's it's it's great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of so so so so so so um well uh okay time that if you find yourself in a situation where you you you you you you need help, uh so I mean well well please reach out to rain. They are they they they they they they are they are they are they are they are wonderful organization. Their hotline hotline hotline hotline hotline hotline is 165 six four so okay um uh you know six seven three one one one one one one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great great great great great great car can you know okay you know like like be an adventure a getaway getaway getaway getaway getaway getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require okay uh uh so so so so so so okay. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it it it it it it. I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um so you you you you you you know well I mean Todd. I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Paul I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am I am am am am am am I am I am I am I am so I mean um like you you you you you you know um happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't you're like um well well you know happy for me. I'm thrilled I'm thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving driving driving driving driving driving. Sports cars in I mean well uh I mean you know the winter sort sort sort sort sort sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I uh okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay I mean last started it the day after Christmas because I I I I I I had to get it out so okay um okay okay of the garage and having having having having having having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my uh uh okay like um um um um um um head around this you started it last night started was the day after Christmas. So So So So So So that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's been so um I I I I I I mean like like like what three months as of this report. Last time time time time time time. It moved was uh well well so I mean a month before that. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, like well I mean well like where where where where where where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car car car car car car well so like I mean you know is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and a you you you you you you know like well uh well husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon believe it or so well I mean uh like not today. We will be discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our uh okay you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay last page of rough road today. We thought we thought we thought we thought thought thought thought thought thought we thought we thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought um well I I I I I I mean so uh for today's death. We would actually just it's really just just just just just just part of an unload like I mean you know well I mean we would would would would would would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um you know uh some of its insights will start with a a a a a a murabbi oven which I mean so uh well like is Really the first topic topic topic topic topic topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins uh uh uh uh like opaque opaque opaque opaque opaque opaque and such trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha well well well well well well so I mean um okay. I need I need I need I need I need need need need need need I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based uh okay so like so practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter is Netter. Just um like um um okay talking to teachers welcome to this week's week's week's week's week's week's Dale is NASA in association with the well uh you know I mean you know know know know know know teacher development trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have well well well well well well I mean well like okay a strip Back Lean podcast this week. So there there there there there there is no teacher development trusts um so like you know so section or the the the the the the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music you know um um um um um um you know like I mean film and books. They will return next week. So So So So So So it's just stripped back to okay uh um uh um feature me and the the the the the the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this well um so well well well well well well um strict back podcast is that I'm recording especially early in the week this this this this this this week because uh um so like I mean I have just been recording a couple couple couple couple couple couple of Epic podcast. So as so as so as so as so as so as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you like like like like like like thinking uh well like okay you know deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of Of Of Of Of Of course? Well, then we've got the um well um so I mean podcast for for for for for for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we like okay uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and so so so so so so well so um well comical. Hey, if hey, if hey, if hey, if hey, if if if if if if hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't okay you you you you you you know uh like like know. We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a a a a a a couple of issues you know well I mean well like like hey, I got a a a a a a couple issues with for we don't have a okay so you know um well low low low low low low blow but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call it like so well well well well well well so well the Tim and Chris Donna podcast for now, of course town and and and and and and Tim podcast, uh uh you know well uh which ever one sounds better. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll figure we'll figure we'll figure we'll figure we'll figure we'll figure it out. I don't don't don't don't don't don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm well I mean you know um okay Tim, this this this this this this is our podcast is first time something new just you know um like like like like like like like like so had an idea one day like hey, you know, we do do do do do do have a lot of uh well uh well um talks and sometimes we're going going going going going going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay okay as well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to to to to to to talk about you know okay I mean uh um the gross margin impact of a a a a a a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid model um uh I I I I I I mean well I mean X on Tesla by this is something I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really really excited about from a well uh so well uh financial perspective. So So So So So So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third row podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean you know so so you know. I came up the idea for this episode episode episode episode episode episode. We were just recording and we're uh you know okay um so talking about this this this this this this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's so it's it's it's it's it's it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so um you know um um um um um um um like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new new new new new new um well well okay okay tire. Hours for hours for hours for hours for hours hours hours hours hours hours for hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you so so so so so so I mean uh you know so pay five and a half Grand more for for for for for for these new tires and these brake like well I mean um you know pads which which which which which which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten it's gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten it's gotten it's gotten it's gotten it's gotten I mean I mean uh um you know know know know know know some awesome reviews. So that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's that's that's that's that's that's a really cool thing. And I and I and I and I and I I I I I I and I was just thinking like I mean like okay you know you you you you you you know wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Performance Performance Performance Performance Performance Brand to okay you know like you know so upsell all of these fancy new features features features features features features and services that sort of Die Hard um like well uh like fans and like like like like like like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one example, but okay I I I I I I mean okay you know you know what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling telling telling telling telling telling okay so like well so you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best best best best best best app to use for any so uh uh like uh type of podcast. It's free free free free free free. It's easy. You can use your phone computer or you know so um um um um um um well well any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't just well I mean um uh okay go on acre. They post it on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify to get your podcast more exposure and you know well uh so I mean to to to to to to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need in one one one one one one I mean um so uh well place and it is the best platform platform platform platform platform platform to create. Any type of podcast I think well um you know so so this is is is is is is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is Braden like like like like like like I mean you know like so. It's a hybrid. Nice to nice to nice to nice nice nice nice nice nice to nice to nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody okay well you know okay I mean lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it it it it it it. We're going to talk about the I mean uh you know so like combine that just just just just just just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the best uh well so so so so so so so okay pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're you're you're you're you're you're having well so you know so like fun. Isn't that right? Having a having a having having having having having having a having a having a having a blast here today shows a good one one one one one one. Nice Feel well like uh like I mean Good Friday to send you in in in in in in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have we have we have we have we have have have have have have we have conversation I mean well I mean well so with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down down down down down down. V play from the New Orleans Saints playoff game that you um I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know okay would want to hear the answer from has a a a a a a very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the okay uh like um I mean Green Green Green Green Green Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that you could potentially want to you you you you you you know okay so okay uh hear about life. We can't we can't we can't we we we we we we can't we can't we can't thank you enough for choosing to listen to this this this this this this show um okay um I mean I mean. I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean you could do a lot of other other other other other other things with your earholes right now. A um I mean uh so I mean lot of of of of of of the things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use use use use use use like uh well okay uh Q-tips all the time. I love me too. I I I I I I love I love I love I love I love I love Q-tips to there's there's there's there's there's there's a war on so um uh well so Q-tips, by the way, though because because because because because because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that like uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look look look look look look no like well okay um okay further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast I mean so like you know you you you you you you know. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host host host host host host well like well well so your content. There's creation tools that allows you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast um okay like well okay right from your your your your your your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I mean mean mean mean mean mean um um you know you know you don't have to mindlessly or in the the the the the the Sleep host your RSS feed to I mean like I mean okay uh Spotify and and and and and and apple and everywhere else. They'll do they'll do they'll do they'll do they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll do they'll do it for you and you can make you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that that that that that that you want in uh I mean you know well I mean a podcast in one place place place place place place. You have something to say you want to get it you know you know know know know know know like you know so out. You want to write a note just upload and turn on on on on on on your anchor app okay okay uh um you know on your phone and hit record record record record record record and save notes to your library to upload like okay so well like to to to to to to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor um I mean um well so it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent free okay um well uh so this creation tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh you know know know know know know okay well I mean phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we we we we we we do the rest. It's I mean I mean you know uh I mean going to to to to to to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast you know know know know know know you know uh so okay Spotify and many more on top of that. You You You You You You can actually earn money from um okay like um you know your podcast with no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a you know so I mean um uh podcast and one place place place place place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot well okay um you know know know know know know you know f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like I mean um okay I mean that allows people like you and me to invest invest invest invest invest invest our money in the I mean so well like like more entertaining way. My My My My My My name my name my name my name my name my name is Keen Keen Keen Keen Keen Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, well like so you know like like like like like like but I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay um okay I'll be sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You You You You You You learn my process I mean okay I mean you know uh the lessons. I've I've I've I've I've I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned and more importantly who who who who who who you should be buying sup you know like uh um okay guys and and and and and and welcome back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my um you you you you you you know okay um okay guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss in a mica so uh well I mean I mean covid Bhai. I'm promo promo promo promo promo promo. Anabolic Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley can can can can can can just use our code. That's KU Z well well like so so AZ and and and and and and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just uh well well well well well well like okay like listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This This This This This This is this is this is this is this is this is huge and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening well I mean uh uh well to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are are are are are are living to have you uh well like so like here with us on good desert has a a a a a a podcast for and bike Millennials and address I mean um I mean okay um um um um um um. Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're you're you're you're you're you're like so you know uh you know listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down down the I mean well uh uh um top 31 Sports Kindles of of of of of of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us from I mean um well uh uh uh uh uh uh well 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths youths youths youths youths youths I mean well I mean so you know from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated captivated captivated captivated captivated captivated the world until deceptions of age well um um like uh and geography came to light light light light light light and changed everything for more shocking well uh well like uh sports events from from from from from from history tune in right here. Day to day to day to to to to to to day to day to day to our March Madness um okay like like like special listen listen listen listen listen listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World well well well well well well like like um uh Series is perhaps the most well-known event in international international international international international international Youth Sports and while okay uh um okay I mean it might evoke an image image image image image image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
Don't read don't read don't read don't read don't read don't read too much about coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly he clearly he clearly he clearly he clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly he clearly declares some you know uh okay uh you know 91 over your life. No No No No No No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the blood of like well well well well well well you know you know so Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to to to to to to even come so um like okay well close. The fault so don't meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did you uh I mean well you you you you you you know like hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming coming coming coming coming coming close some okay well um uh well of already coming to India. I I I I I I don't know whether it's going to come to Hyderabad okay you know so well well well well well well you know don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked out of Hyderabad Hyderabad Hyderabad Hyderabad Hyderabad Hyderabad uh uh well uh okay right? There is no permission to come into our our our our our our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back welcome back welcome back to the Disney College podcast okay okay you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi I I I I I I mean um okay uh I mean. Hello. So on this episode we are man man man man man man for episode is really funny because um well you know um so we're just kind of of of of of of diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it you know you know know know know know know uh uh um crazy roommate stories. I have a feeling that this is is is is is is going to be a serious uh uh uh I mean you know. So we'll so so so so so so we'll so we'll so we'll so we'll so we'll call it vol 1 but cat cat cat cat cat cat you want to so who so um okay you know um were your roommates roommates roommates roommates roommates roommates and what happened? Okay, so I extended so I had I like well um um um um um um like like lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if but if but if if if if if if but if but if but if they were um like uh like so just what what what what what what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what um well well well well well well um I mean um we are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started started started started started started. The coronavirus is well I mean um okay okay the Talk of the Town Town Town Town Town Town right now and today I want to cover it um okay I mean well well well well well well like in some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this this this this this this episode you know you know like you know you know I want to talk less less less less less less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps well I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh you know the financial emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on on on on on on well so uh well um well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I I I I I I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me me me me me me P well like well okay you know frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called well like I mean well so ammo no photo photo photo photo photo photo show. Yeah, you're yeah, you're yeah, you're yeah, you're yeah, you're yeah, you're so dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s well well I mean um you know rap brother. I I I I I I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's this one's this this this this this this one's this one's this one's this one's for okay uh um I mean you know know know know know know you man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome you know uh okay um you know to the Moa. No photo show. We are we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are a podcast that talks mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly okay um you know you know you know photography, but also gangster rap rap rap rap rap rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but okay okay uh uh well we we we we we we were a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't we wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be you know well so well like like like like like like so don't get enough social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this this this this this this gangster okay I mean okay you know so rap. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not awkward awkward awkward awkward awkward awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need you need you you you you you you need you need you need you need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes goes goes goes goes goes whipping so uh well I mean okay down the plains and up until recently recently recently recently recently recently that's about what I knew of so um uh uh like it. But now now now now now now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions I mean like like like like like like well okay okay those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of of of of of of literature. I'm your host um I mean like um I mean Emily Edwards. What is is is is is is what is what is what is what is what is it about this book? That just just just just just just gets it I mention it okay um like you know uh on Twitter and it it it it it it gets love letters. So with me today is writer journalist Leslie uh I I I I I I mean okay you know you know gray Streeter. How are you today? I I I I I I am really good. I'm really good. Thank you. I you I you I I I I I I you I you I you I you know like okay I mean well am so so so so so so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your your your your your your host. Dr I dr I dr I dr I dr I dr I mean okay I I I I I I mean um I mean. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree degree degree degree degree degree in Clinical Psychology well so well uh okay. I'm also the founder of the online group group group group group group therapy platform model that care. I love helping well you know okay well um people overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week week week week week week as well okay well you know like we share real sessions with actual clients clients clients clients clients clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing uh so uh you know know know know know know I mean with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy looks like so uh uh okay okay sounds like and feels like will follow follow follow follow follow follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears um um well uh well and find find find find find find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well you know um and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength strength strength strength strength strength base and seeks to find I mean um I mean uh you know know know know know know and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas uh I I I I I I mean okay like well where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up up up up up up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to well well well well well well so uh well like Rio help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and and and and and and imperfection. Join me I mean well um you know uh Maria Sosa of holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining uh so like uh like and and and and and and exploring Health through the mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction so so so so so so so okay like well. She is an author Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches workshops and Retreats like you know like like you know centered on helping others find find find find find find their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative you know well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the magic behind words words words words words words for Wanderer loving okay um okay uh uh my language neon soul soul soul soul soul soul and my all-time favorite the today I affirm Journal which I so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so have to be honest has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think think think think think think fags I mean okay I mean uh I mean. When big bank and and and and and and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of DJ okay uh um so you you you you you you know Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We We We We We We got I mean okay I mean um well family in the building y'all nudity is on on on on on on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome um welcome um welcome um welcome um welcome um um um um um um welcome um so uh you know like. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod nod nod nod nod nod his head ha ha ha. It's so well okay you know so a conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like like like like like like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like talking like I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so I mean to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't don't don't don't don't don't women man talk uh okay so like okay real talk, but one thing you got got got got got got to do we know you're going to do okay well you you you you you you know well uh is just addition is swear that you going to to to to to to tell the truth the whole truth um well well well so nothing, but but but but but but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay. All All All All All All you know like well I mean um right, cool. So what we left off last time time time time time time we talked it was just just just talking I mean like well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain certain certain certain certain certain you know I mean well okay like parts of it, but certain parts of of of of of of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going uh okay like well you know to be bringing on a friend of mine mine mine mine mine mine this woman and I met let's see well you know so uh you know here here here here here here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to believe you know so so so so so so like okay well that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health Health Health Health Health Health. All of all of all of all of all of all of that kind um like like like like like like you know uh I mean of thing usually is what we would talk about when we we we we we we get together. She's well okay you know well well since moved away and We've We've We've We've We've We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a while, but so um like uh um um um um um um it was really great to record this episode. She has she has she has she she she she she she has she has she has spent the last several like okay um like um years years years years years years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met her and and and and and and um like I mean okay I mean she has spent all these years years years years years years doing that. So she's going to share some of her knowledge well well you know know know know know know uh you know of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I have to to to to to to apologize that I have you know so I mean you know so not figured out yet, which which which which which which I need to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you you you you you you uh okay um so so are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and and and and and and here I am. And we I mean I mean uh you know um are are are are are are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean like I mean. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can like well you know like um um um um um um smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean you know weekends for the freaks. Before I before I I I I I I before I before I before I before I get into this week's episode. I just want want want want want want to tell like I mean um well you know you that this Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th. I will I will I will I will I will I will be um you know know know know know know okay um so in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are are are are are are on the E um well so uh well - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity. If really really excited to play okay uh I mean um so that venue venue venue venue venue venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and so I I I I I I mean you know I mean like why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get get get get get get into this week's episode. Are the are the are the are the are the the the the the the are the podcast well um okay like well and the intro song this week is actually actually actually actually actually actually a song that a fan so so like so I mean sent in in in in in in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay um okay hard towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your your your your your your host Adam Simpson and uh well well you know I mean I am joined joined joined joined joined joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh uh the dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before before before before before before we do, I okay you know you know well okay thought it might be nice nice nice nice nice nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean so like. I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about about about about about about the like uh I mean okay you know woo Kang now we talked for for for for for for almost two and a A half hours um uh well so like just about the the the the the the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take it um like like like like like like I mean well like where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that that that that that that for two hours wasn't quite so I mean so um you know enough but but but but but but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer time and okay okay you you you you you you know well um North American summer time do not occur at the same time time time time time time. So I'm like, let's figure so uh uh you know I mean out a a a a a a time to record what will be good and I'm like 9:00 well well you know know know know know know like so p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like like like like like like I can wake up um like uh uh like at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about I I I I I I mean um well well so the world of True Crime letting you dive dive dive dive dive dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects so like like okay you you you you you you know every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring we're exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring the most um um like so I I I I I I mean fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've We've We've We've We've We've collected short clips you know well okay okay I mean from some of our most most most most most most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, um I mean I mean you know like like like like like like like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really like you you you you you you know um I mean well is you can find these original episodes for free on on on on on on Spotify or wherever you listen I mean okay you know you know so to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today today today today today today like like so so I mean. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back back back back back back with um like so okay uh an update on the new coronavirus because well things have have have have have have escalated. In the in the in the in the in the in the you know know know know know know um you know I mean okay last few weeks in new cases of the the the the the the virus have been going up okay I mean you know um I mean and and and and and and up as of right now. There are there are there are there are there are there are are are are are are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 I mean you know like so okay okay okay okay okay okay debt and the virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 70 70 70 70 70 I mean uh so I mean okay countries now affected and we're we're we're we're we're we're starting to feel it here in the US just like like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay like this week the World Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly deadly deadly deadly deadly deadly this uh um you know uh I mean virus is with headlines saying that it's it's it's it's it's it's killing Three point four percent of the people who um so well well like get get get get get get it worldwide. So just how worried should you be the start we call okay so so so so so so I mean um you know that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is well well well well well well well you know I mean uh based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which which which which which which is a celebration of things going uh I mean I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to to to to to to uh you know I mean I mean um discuss failings in their life both in their personal personal personal personal personal personal life and in their career showing so uh well I mean so how much much much much much much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, uh so, so, so, so, so, so, uh so, uh so, uh so, uh so, uh I mean you know like um um um um um um my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host like well well well well well well okay well you know for this episode today. I have the lovely off off off off off off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I mean so like so uh Hazel. I love tennis. I hate hate hate hate hate hate small talk and have a thing for well like uh well I mean sexy monologues. I'm Marky Marky Marky Marky Marky Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically I mean uh well so okay point one one one one one one. Monster RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is uh um I I I I I I mean okay um not feeling very well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home home home home home home. Please like okay so I mean so send her some well wishes. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure sure sure sure sure sure you know you know you know well I mean as hell should by by by by by by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for so okay um um um you you you you you you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the so so so so so so okay okay so like ones and twos and the man the solution to to to to to to our audio that is Tyler um you know um so uh on the the the the the the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday you know know know know know know so like so I mean after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance dance dance dance dance dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right I mean you know well you know um um um um um um with us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that that that that that that well okay like well I mean with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts cuts cuts cuts cuts cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of like um so okay okay the past past past past past past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So well um um um um um um okay well uh you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support support support support support support the brain only dumb show. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't only two.
On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of of of of of of um you know I mean well I mean the most notorious prisons in America sing sing sing sing sing sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with uh well uh okay like a a a a a a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others others others others others others for uh uh uh uh I mean death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the the the the the the lives of a hundred and okay uh um you know so forty three three three three three three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow far you you you you you you know you know well okay okay greater as the years rolled on. But there there there there there there was one man on death row in so okay like uh like 1921 who who who who who who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is I mean well you know know know know know know like okay convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was he he he he he he was he was he was he was he was granted you know so I mean well well well well well well uh a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
No one no one no one no one no one no one likes a a a a a a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the I mean like like like like like like you know um okay reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your your your your your your parents anymore. Their okay their okay their okay their okay their okay their okay you you you you you you know so I mean okay Amorous crime has cost them your trust and and and and and and respect in some cases. It's even more personal you know like okay um um perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the like like like like like like uh okay you know uh cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will will will will will will. It right after I mean uh okay so like all you're in a good relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner well um so um you you you you you you know seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out out out out out out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean I mean uh find us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or or or or or or click the link like okay um uh like in the description below. Thank you so much much much much much much for listening. Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, and and and and and and so like I mean okay like welcome back to our / Petty Revenge the subreddit subreddit subreddit subreddit subreddit subreddit where people post stories of I mean um uh okay um small victories over those those those those those those who dared to cross them. Today's post pick on so like well like you know know know know know know the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced. I'm out. So this happened to so uh uh uh uh uh uh like like okay me years ago to the details may be a bit fuzzy in some some some some some some parts so I mean I mean well you know when I was in Middle School School School School School School. My brother my brother my brother my brother my brother my brother was was was was was was just graduating high school. He decided so so you know okay you know he he he he he he wanted to go into the Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would would would would would would okay well I mean uh um be organized for all the new recruits recruits recruits recruits recruits recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again I I I I I I mean uh I mean so um is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after after after after after after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love uh uh I mean so you know you, you, you, you, you, you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce and I'm well well well well well well so uh I mean like here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this is the I mean okay I mean like like like like like like okay first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh my God. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, uh you know I mean like you know the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening you you you you you you know you know uh okay uh to see and be seen I cast this this this this this this is a show where we'll be discussing so I mean I mean you know know know know know know okay the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will will will will will will also talk about what well well um so okay it's like to express express express express express express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative Fields um I mean well well well well well well well um. Also the also the also the also the also the also the time time time time time time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists on this this this this this this podcast uh okay you know um well as well. If you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're if you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure sure sure sure sure sure to check you know well I mean well you know us out every second second second second second second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk um um um um um um so um like okay about gold. Go touch go touch go touch go go go go go go touch go touch go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred and ninety dollars like you know uh um well per ounce in February. This This This This This This is a seven-year High a level not seen like so like well so since since since since since since 2010 January 2013. The question the question the question the question the question the the the the the the question of most people's minds right now is uh so so like you know know know know know know can go beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day on so so so so so so well uh you know okay 6 September 2011 the record high of 1920 $1.17 has has has has has has not Closed in his den, or uh well I mean uh uh at least least least least least least until now. I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I think it is first important to understand what drove prices so uh I mean um you you you you you you know to those sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane lane lane lane lane lane back like okay um well uh in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
Starting a starting a starting a starting a starting a starting a business is not not not not not not an easy task. Every entrepreneur every entrepreneur every entrepreneur every entrepreneur every entrepreneur every every every every every every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of okay um you know okay uh challenges a lot lot lot lot lot lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in well so um um okay okay okay okay okay okay with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here I'm here to guide you join me I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand brand brand brand brand brand. Which virtual okay you know okay uh well met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I okay you know you know well well began began began began began began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do do do do do do like well uh um like it in general when I was trying to browse browse browse browse browse browse. It was it was it was it was it was it was so so so so so so complicated so much well so like uh you know so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name name name name name name uh so so so I mean is Luke. I'm with I'm with I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm with I'm with I'm with I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't say the uh so like so um thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we invited guests on you like well like I mean I mean just skipped it it it it it it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why well, well, well, well, well, well, why well, why well, why well, why well, why well so like well uh would would would would would would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't you know um like like like like like like I mean like have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was was was was was was wondering when the guest um uh so I mean okay was going to turn up up up up up up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just okay okay so so um be nice nice nice nice nice nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's yeah, it's yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
Hey, what's up? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show I mean so well like like like like like like like for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a a a a a a new market today well so like so I mean. We'll The we'll The we'll The we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll The we'll The we'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage on this okay like so uh like chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very very very very very very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update like um well well you know two two two two two two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're at like like like like like like okay I mean so so four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost almost almost almost almost almost at five dollars and like I mean okay so uh was a $5 $5 $5 $5 $5 $5. That's the point that I think we can probably Go to you know okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay so the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. We can buy well uh well so I mean a bouncy ball or like a confetti confetti confetti confetti confetti confetti Pauper like five of those not like a okay you know well like like beef beef beef beef beef beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts well you you you you you you know okay I mean well at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards backwards good idea. So this so this so this so this so this so this is is is is is is the uh you know like I mean um most packed episode we've ever had had had had had had that's cool. It's cool five for the boy likes five I mean well well well well well well um okay so people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines I I I I I I mean uh like so I mean week and every day we're talking about real life life life life life life heroic women from history start brushing uh okay okay uh so on the the the the the the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way so okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um like to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning learning learning learning learning learning about a brilliant scientist so like so uh okay who helped discover DNA DNA DNA DNA DNA DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was franklin was franklin was was was was was was franklin was franklin was franklin was curious about science as a young um um um um um um um well okay uh girl. She grew up in London in the 1930s and went to to to to to to one of the I mean so uh um um only schools that taught taught taught taught taught taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she well you know um okay you know know know know know know decided she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this this this this this this is our like like okay you know you know podcast. I wanted to thank you you you you you you for joining us today. Hope this hope this hope this hope this hope this hope hope hope hope hope hope this inspires you you know okay you know so you know hope it it it it it it builds your faith. Hope it hope it hope it hope it hope it hope it gives you you you you you you perspective to see God is moving in okay I mean okay I mean you know your your your your your your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful so thankful so thankful so thankful so thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful so thankful that you're here today and I am going to you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so uh go ahead I normally have you stand to read read read read read read the scripture is 19 verses um I mean okay you know uh today. So go go go go go go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow. God bless um you know know know know know know um okay okay you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter 11. This sermon okay well you know well well will probably take two weeks to to to to to to preach. We did it last night. The Lord showed well um you know so so so so so so um up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To To To To To To me to me to me to me to me to me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this this this this this this audio I mean like uh um so podcast. I am buttress the host of of of of of of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online community so so um um so of of of of of of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online for well I I I I I I mean like so so us to talk about which is why both our tagline for for for for for for phenomenology club and you know um like okay um the subtitle for this discussion series is is is is is is talk about it. Most of these uploads are originally uh well so well uh uh uh uh uh uh stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting with those as you know know know know know know okay I mean I mean like they happen live, please go subscribe and turn turn turn turn turn turn on the notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club I mean um well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay and in general to learn more about our club what we do and how uh so so so so so so so uh well you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please please please please please please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for listening.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I wanted I mean you know well well you know to take a brief brief brief brief brief brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know so possible to start your very own podcast. Some Some Some Some Some Some of the more important aspects are so well okay like um actually having a service service service service service service to host and distribute the show as well as um uh um uh you know know know know know know software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know so like to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed to different podcasting platforms while you know you know I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives gives gives gives gives gives me I mean uh uh like I mean everything we need to record host and and and and and and Ribbit our podcast for free either from okay you know um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the the the the the the okay well um like you know opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If If If If If If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're serious about starting starting starting starting starting starting your own you know uh so like you know podcast, you better be serious about about about about about about using anchor download the anchor app or go like um um um you know to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that that that that that that okay well uh so you know the dead ass girls park has wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it okay okay like well like easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast and they give you everything you need I mean so well so I mean in in in in in in one place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but like like like like like like well well um so you can use right from your phone or computer. They They They They They They also they also they also they also they also they also got hella dough dough dough dough dough dough so you know I mean uh so creation tools to allow you to record record record record record record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh well also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow grow grow grow grow grow the dead-ass family like uh so okay so like we do you can can can can can can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast like like I mean you you you you you you know like and many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching Ching Ching Ching Ching Ching from your podcast so um so okay okay with no minimum listenership. So download download download download download download the anchor app or go to Anchor that you know okay I mean you know know know know know know um FM to get started. That's anchor that's anchor that's anchor that's anchor that's anchor that's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving giving giving giving giving giving so okay okay you know you know a fond farewell at least in the context of of of of of of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy uh I mean um like you know Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I uh so so so so so so um um like mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with with with with with with her, she wasn't well uh uh so you know particularly viable as a candidate candidate candidate candidate candidate candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking talking talking talking talking talking backwards between well like well I mean um Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined joined joined joined joined joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I okay well you know you know know know know know know um am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go go go go go go back I mean like um uh okay to the beginning and pick up some of our our our our our our favorite bits. I thought this okay well you know um so was a good good good good good good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like there well well well well well well well you know um like was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable sustainable sustainable sustainable sustainable sustainable development uh um okay like I mean goals in the roadmap to 2030. We We We We We We are your co-host James and Kevin here well so like uh I mean to to to to to to take you along the sdg ride. I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I hope I hope you enjoyed today's STG so um okay well I mean talks talks talks talks talks talks podcast. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like I mean you know years to actually build it. So we always have have have have have have to plan 25 years in so so like so so advance for a population 25 25 25 25 25 25 years later and you know similar to what many you know like you you you you you you know um I mean things happen in the world. We usually plan something for the the the the the the present and then it so I mean you know I mean like doesn't end up working out out out out out out for object data is currently a PhD student at the like so okay well well well well well well um University of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment Environment Environment Environment Environment Environment engineering okay you know well you know you know with a thesis around around around around around around the water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're interested interested interested interested interested interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes, I I I I I I mean like I mean like you know so three years. I started listening to you and and and and and and I was in a transitional phase uh you know well uh um and I I I I I I had a dream to start a business and I had been had I I I I I I mean uh like well uh that dream for about 15 years and I think it it it it it it was in my vibrational escrow and I well I mean I mean um well well well well well well worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a really high profile profile profile profile profile profile job, you know well well you know uh and I did and I started a a a a a a business. And for two years, I worked uh you know you know I I I I I I mean uh hard to get it off the ground and I was more lying lying lying lying lying lying uh well you know um well than I've ever been aligned with anything in my life life life life life life. And I got so aligned well like well I mean uh and the business business business business business business started and I got everything I wanted and more and it was so so so so so so uh um okay like huge and it launched in a way more than I I I I I I could have ever asked for like well well I mean I mean no not more than than than than than than you could have ever asked for us in a way that uh I mean like so well I I I I I I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that um well well well well well well like like uh you know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all can t have well you know you know you know well a conversation. You know, know, know, know, know, know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just well I mean okay like like like like like like like here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking walking walking walking walking walking um like so like you know apart. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the success when you ask uh um um okay I mean that question, you know know know know know know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think I mean well um um um um um um uh like it was enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying uh um like so so each other. Meaningful ways to make you know, a lot of of of of of of us joke the Twitter well uh okay you know like can be totally useless that that that that that that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a I mean um so uh so cesspool cesspool cesspool cesspool cesspool cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to another episode episode episode episode episode episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your well uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay well host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing doing doing doing doing doing so that you well okay you know I mean um can work towards unlocking unlocking unlocking unlocking unlocking unlocking T and Tina. So that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so um okay. We have brought him in yet once again and yet once again again again again again again another action-packed uh well like well so power suit Tyler had have you seen something something something something something something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last you know like um well I mean week. Have Have Have Have Have Have you seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I I I I I I um I um I um I um I um I um I mean uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and and and and and and a um okay okay I mean uh J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, look, look, look, look, look, That you Tyler this guy is well so I mean okay I mean dialed in in in in in in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel uh so um you you you you you you know you know Rob. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a a a a a a little spice you know um well I mean uh. So you are and are you going going going going going going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you uh uh so okay I mean keep keep keep keep keep keep getting me right before my work shifts. So well, so what we're like like like like like like like okay you know uh going to do here again, we got a couple action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed guests for you folks okay so uh um I mean. We got a big big big big big big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new new new new new new episode of uh you know so okay I mean the Ike Box podcast. We We We We We We have a great show for you guys today. My name is well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to to to to to to be a like so um so um solo pod today because the Lakers are on the the the the the the schedule. Brian is brian is brian is brian is brian is brian is in a a a a a a you know I mean so um you know meeting and we need to get get get get get get you a preview. So we're going to talk you know um so like like like like like like you know a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to to to to to to like okay you know like okay be the biggest matchup of the year. It's It's It's It's It's It's on the Lakers home you know like I mean uh okay turf at the the the the the the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all we all we all we all we we we we we we all we all know what happened last you know uh so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean time the Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer Pfizer Pfizer Pfizer Pfizer Pfizer form I mean uh like okay you know and it is the infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream well like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean well of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to to to to to to talk I mean like uh okay so about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to to to to to to make a podcast that is uh you know I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free free free free free free okay um um so so and you can use it right from your your your your your your phone or computer at anchor you can record well okay so well well and edit and and and and and and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as good you know like like like like like like uh uh I mean as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have have have have have have recorded uh well so I mean so on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so it can Be heard um um uh okay okay everywhere Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make easy money like you know so so so so so so well well for your podcast. I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking talking talking talking talking talking I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No minimum listenership like well okay okay okay okay okay okay um um required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- right now. Yeah well so uh okay I mean Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would be be be be be be settled like I mean like so I mean down with a family trying to to to to to to make the best of life during wartime. Pearl okay I mean okay you know uh was was was was was was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with so uh uh uh uh uh uh um well well a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a a a a a a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle like you know uh I mean so Journey despite the chill chill chill chill chill chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she okay like like well well well well well well um peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she like like like like like like well so I mean so squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a a a a a a bridge came into view like okay you know um um German soldiers coated coated coated coated coated coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge was like so you you you you you you know okay you know the fastest route across the river a straight shot shot shot shot shot shot to deliver the so you know um you know I mean vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning morning morning morning morning morning and you know well you know uh uh night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top top top top top top of your mouth and brush in okay um um I mean uh little circles circles circles circles circles circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking talking talking talking talking talking you know I mean so I mean well about a courageous woman from a place place place place place place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania well okay I mean okay I I I I I I mean is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the the the the the the um uh like okay okay palala the Paulo were the first people to live on on on on on on that island and tricking Nene well like like like I mean was one of of of of of of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of like like okay well well well well well well like the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene so I mean you know okay well was the daughter of a leader and love love love love love love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, um um um um um um well, um well, um well, um well, um well, um you know I I I I I I mean I mean uh it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming coming coming coming coming coming up in May of our Partnerships well I mean well well um are going to to to to to to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this like so well well well well well well well um is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together um um um um um um okay I mean uh uh and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair hair hair hair hair hair Love retreat in May we're you know like so I mean you know going to to to to to to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a a a a a a well uh I mean you know well salon? Because of course we going going going going going going to be there with her love Retreats. We really well like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean well Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to tell tell tell tell tell tell uh uh well well you know us like all the details because schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule acidity in the very schedule is City way, so uh uh uh so they're they're they're they're they're they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away a ticket well well well well well well so okay um you know to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want want want want want want to give us all the okay okay uh well so juicy details. Welcome Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited schedule is to I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh well um be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little little little little little little idea how I mean I mean um like you know we do it here at at at at at at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- okay uh uh uh uh uh uh like um I mean recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different different different different different different platforms. There's creation um so like you know uh tools to allowed you to record record record record record record and edit podcast right from your phone or a okay so well um so so so so so so computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to uh I I I I I I mean so um um get started. This segment this segment this segment this segment segment segment segment segment segment this segment this segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in in in in in in so um I mean okay uh doubt get the jig out go to jig Masterscom Masterscom Masterscom Masterscom Masterscom Masterscom. And use promo code so well so you know you know. Pmf 20 and save save save save save save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the um well I I I I I I mean well well pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try try try try try try to improve our like okay well well like skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office office office office office office is right so like like you know you know now and every time he needs needs needs needs needs needs to make a change she has to run across well I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay uh the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's that's that's that's that's that's part of I mean I mean uh okay like the sort of you know, know, know, know, know, know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the startup lifestyle okay you know know know know know know okay well so. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You You You You You You have a giant so okay well so uh paper mache nose with us the recording recording recording recording recording recording system inside. Of it and you have okay well uh uh you know to to to to to to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I I I I I I do need to like you know so so you know dig around in there there there there there there and then I do get if I say, you know, if like so so so so so so you know um um I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh Koosh Koosh Koosh Koosh Koosh ball at me okay like you know okay so and I hurts a a a a a a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those like well uh um um um um um um uh have a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your your your your your your um so well okay like host future and I'm here with a a a a a a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and you know you know well you you you you you you know I mean he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever ever ever ever ever ever episode of Melody our um I mean well like you know little silver. How you you you you you you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't complain Gil well you you you you you you know uh so so. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just just just just just just come um uh you know um um back and relax at home. All right, right, right, right, right, right, so What do you think I mean so okay uh like the goal is for for for for for for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me like you know know know know know know so I mean well let me try to Enlighten the that a a a a a a little bit. So basically it did start out as I mean like you know well well well well well well I mean a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people people people people people people were uh like you know um I mean just talking about us having great voice voice voice voice voice voice and we should do like podcast and stuff like you know well like um like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow like like like like like like like uh well I mean your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like like like like like like this one or if so so I mean like like you become a premium premium premium premium premium premium user you can download the episode so you can so uh well like I I I I I I mean listen to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or or or or or or wherever you're okay I mean okay um um traveling and also you can share this this this this this this with your friends on Instagram. If you okay so like okay like haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for so so so so so so so um okay I mean D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab tab tab tab tab tab. Lethargy said in head of okay like you know well okay sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a a a a a a regular Mom uh um well you know I mean. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back back back back back back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I have had okay so well okay so some shit on my mind per usual that I I I I I I wanted to share of one of well okay uh so okay which is the fact that that that that that that I have literally not had a job for the past. Really I mean um well well well well well well well like long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a gig here here here here here here and a uh um I mean um like gig there to the disappointment of my my my my my my mother and my bank account. I have not consistently uh okay like like you know know know know know know been working and I think that's for a few reasons. One of one one one one one one of one of one of one of one of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds of of of of of of the uh I mean um you know okay unknown only grow louder and closer and you you you you you you fill your demise is it hand okay you know so you know so you you you you you you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake you I mean mean mean mean mean mean well well you know uh let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It It It It It It must have been your well so I mean well like imagination. Suddenly. You feel you you you you you you feel you feel you feel you feel you feel a cold wind rip around around around around around around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
Hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic I mean um I I I I I I mean so um display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of of of of of of their victory that okay well uh uh I mean takes them back to the the the the the the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to episode 2 of East End talks like so well so like today. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll talk about a few things that actually had conversations with some of so like uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean you over last week and earlier this week. And the first first first first first first thing was poor is why okay I mean okay um okay am I not posting the the the the the the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance uh you know you you you you you you know um you know and it's simple reason really I just want don't want want want want want want people cherry-picking the workouts so okay I mean I mean uh. I know know know know know know I know I know I know I know I know you guys have have have have have have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things schedule things schedule things schedule things schedule things schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule things like that. And so there okay um I mean like um are days that you you you you you you can make it and days. You just can't make you know like I I I I I I mean I mean um it. And that and that and that and that and that and and and and and and that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't want you you you you you you to like um you know I mean um plan your week to try based based based based based based off of a certain workout that you're trying to well like well so you know know know know know know either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know uh uh okay okay about the purpose of the program is to Achieve Achieve Achieve Achieve Achieve Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make a um like so so well podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's there's there's there's there's there's creation tools that allow you to uh okay okay you know like record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would anchor would would would would would would anchor would anchor would anchor would anchor would distribute well like uh so like your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and and and and and and like uh so I mean um many many more you can make money from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership like okay like like uh. It's everything you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor like um uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to another okay I mean um I mean you know edition of 40 is is is is is is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, I mean um so you know know know know know know I mean welcome to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have have have have have have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second you you you you you you know like okay I mean well century BCE. So how did one of the the the the the the most efficient and influential combat outfits of you know like you know um um all all all all all all time vanish from the historical record? If you if you if you if you you you you you you if you if you enjoy this episode and want well well like so uh uh uh uh uh uh to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast cast cast cast cast cast presents March you know you know I mean I mean um Mysteries, you'll hear episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like medical Mysteries I mean well well well well well well um okay like gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on on on on on on Spotify and anywhere you listen well um you know okay okay to podcasts. In In In In In In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin okay I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really really really really really really have a thing like okay okay like you know we can actually go through through through through through through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll well they'll well they'll well well well well well well they'll well they'll well they'll well I mean you know like um think hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here with you know well like well well Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once once once once once once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia I'm Sofia I'm Sofia I'm Sofia I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Sofia I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking like um um like like like like like like okay about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk talk talk talk talk talk has been like I mean I mean you know so showing up on on on on on on a lot of people's phones and it's a really uh okay you know you know know know know know know okay popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few I mean mean mean mean mean mean well um like you know months. It's given a lot of teens opportunities to get get get get get get some money and be famous you know so you know uh well. One of of of of of of those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot um like well well well well well well well so of followers. Okay, so a song that you guys might know that's that's that's that's that's that's really popular. Is this uh well well like well song Lottery? So if so if if if if if if so if so if so if so if he was dancing on the camera on that that that that that that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
Greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince apps welcome to to to to to to the second episode of the government being cast a uh well so you you you you you you know uh podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by by by by by by Games Workshop. This like you know well so uh is the second ever ever ever ever ever ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well so still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are are are are are are bear with the so uh like you know like bad editing in places. I've done done done done done done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that were you know like so um um um um um um you know terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover okay so so so so so so you know so like recent news and questions that I've been asked by the the the the the the community. I then spend um so uh um okay the rest of the show focus focus focus focus focus focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks um well um okay okay okay okay okay okay uh of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use use use use use use them um well like you know um as narrative devices, but following some feedback and and and and and and realizing have a lot of okay well um so um Basic Ground to cover I'll be be be be be be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective you know um I I I I I I mean so like. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week week week week week week work was uh well uh uh um a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today today today today today today I mean well um uh like and get access to thousands of free book and audio audio audio audio audio audio book summaries on personal like you know you know like um development productivity business business business business business business and more listen to them while working out or commuting well well so so so so so so um like to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead instead instead instead instead instead of hours like like uh you know um. Go to Quick readcom readcom readcom readcom readcom readcom. App and download our app for free today. Summary of the um I mean well well well well well well I mean well one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie and quick read like uh so okay I mean narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction Introduction Introduction Introduction Introduction Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's like like okay so uh promised to to to to to to give you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single I mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know uh um hour. However, before however, before however, before however, before however, before however, however, however, however, however, however, before you go all in you need to know exactly how to um you you you you you you know well like I mean formulate your plan, you've heard the quote give a a a a a a man a fish and you feed like like okay you know um him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over like uh uh uh uh uh uh like well uh a Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water water water water water water was about six I mean uh I mean well well feet deep outside and inside inside inside inside inside inside their house one family spent its time sitting on like okay uh well okay the the the the the the porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice you you you you you you know um so like you know a nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My My My My My My he thought I'll bet that person so so I mean I mean um who who who who who who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out of of of of of of uh you know like okay well sight. Around the corner of the house the the the the the the boy kept on watching the river suddenly much um I mean you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously very strange okay uh well so um. So the lad kept his eye on it. It It It It It It floated Upstream around the corner you know so uh I mean okay of the house house house house house house and came floating back down again after a while. It well like okay um um um um um um well came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and so um um um um um um so well I mean Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura and Romi you know well like like well. We are obviously starting our our our our our our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this well I mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know uh moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was was was was was was like a sudden like I mean I mean so like you know hand in in in in in in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, I mean I mean so you know I mean it's like the clouds open and you're you're you're you're you're you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the so well I mean well so two of us us us us us us. Discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing the most philosophical explosive explosive explosive explosive explosive explosive ideas of the day there are watching us I mean so I mean you know know know know know know okay like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their lives lives lives lives lives lives. I love you know you know uh okay you know that. I hope that's that's that's that's that's that's how people see us in their dreams now. It's probably well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot of of of of of of scenes that like well um okay okay open like that? You're a part part part part part part of this. Oh, it's just like a myth girls uh I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like walking kind of in we're talking about those are some of of of of of of my favorite scenes like I mean I mean you know so like, you know, the the the the the the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the uh well well well well well well you know so okay ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we we we we we we okay I mean like uh so are recording our podcast. We have hours hours hours hours hours hours of audio that we have to sift through I mean like I mean well well well well well well well more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual intellectual intellectual intellectual intellectual intellectual point you know you know uh you know uh that we're not sure if if if if if if it really can get into the podcast. We you know uh uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember if you you you you you you you know so like like I mean want to be involved, don't forget. You You You You You You send us a DM. Send us send us send us send us send us us us us us us send us your questions and well um so well so we'll go from there. We We We We We We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I did um uh you know um um um um um um uh the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down down down down down down. I did I mean you know like so um like did Miami and then sort sort sort sort sort sort of come back round again and went into I mean I mean um um um um um um um okay they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you um um um um um um I mean like um um about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's like so um okay you know free. There's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your um so um okay well phone or computer. You can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and anchor I mean um um um um um um you know uh so will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts you know uh so okay I mean and many more more more more more more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney it's it's it's it's it's it's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney Walsh and I have a special guest I mean mean mean mean mean mean so like well uh here today. Say hello. Hi. You want you want you you you you you you want you want you want you want to introduce yourself over there? My name well well well well well well so uh you know okay is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest guest guest guest guest guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine you know okay so okay well dances with with with with with with me. I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't said said said said said said the name of our company because I mean I mean well uh uh um um um um um um I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll you know I mean so uh I mean probably accidentally say it but, you know, you you you you you you can edit it. I recommended that I just I mean uh okay so so so so so so uh For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this this this this this this okay I mean you know uh um. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't don't don't don't don't don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I uh uh like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday uh I mean uh okay well. And I don't think we bought it anything. It's It's It's It's It's It's dangerous to go alone. So the uh I mean uh you know okay Nintendo cartridge cartridge cartridge cartridge cartridge cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name I mean okay I I I I I I mean I mean like is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host Mark Mitchell. We've I mean um well you know like got a good good good good good good show for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the I mean well well well well well well well well I mean news from the week including a lot of news coming coming coming coming coming coming out of platinum like like like like you know games and Yacht Club Club Club Club Club Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of um um like like like like like like so well Zelda A to Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
Hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead well like well well well well well well well uh excited. I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our our our our our our friends High you know so okay uh well cuz he hates horror movie that I do do do do do do and that's why they call me the horror version you know you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh um. That's the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the only reason reason reason reason reason reason we call them that I have not no other reasons that all you I mean um um um um um um um so well know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through through through through through through the Encyclopedia of so uh uh uh well horror the good the bad bad bad bad bad bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then okay you know okay you know so so so so so so we make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of you know know know know know know you know uh like okay feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing thing thing thing thing thing. And I'm the funny uh you know uh uh like one our episodes drop drop drop drop drop drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
If you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um okay um so uh me explain explain explain explain explain explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that you know like like like like like like um well okay allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor I mean like uh um well will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you. So it so it so it so it so it so it can can can can can can be heard on Spotify okay well okay um I mean Apple podcasts and many more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no so like I mean uh um um um um um um minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free free free free uh so so so I mean anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started today well like I mean I mean uh. Welcome to the flip the the the the the the script podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host host host host host host in a lie, and I'm you know so okay okay so a full-time full-time full-time full-time full-time full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio I I I I I I mean like you know uh uh ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on on on on on on Instagram and YouTube as okay you know like well I mean El dijo Thrift Thrift Thrift Thrift Thrift Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in in in in in in this you know okay like uh you know week's episode. We are going to be be be be be be talking about spring break because fitting like you know you know you know like race race race race race race coming up. So angry so angry so angry so angry so angry so angry angry angry angry angry angry is after you losing to this. It'll be I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean like like we have week one week of classes still and then spring break is is is is is is the week after okay like uh okay okay that. So March, however, I guess this is is is is is is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just uh uh well I mean okay finished. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next I I I I I I mean okay okay um so week. I just have a presentation for one of of of of of of my classes see your husband exam for like okay um uh I mean a class class class class class class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free um um so so so so so so well so now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice nice nice nice nice nice because you know okay I mean so like we had like straight Monday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say I mean like you know know know know know know uh okay it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like like like like like like it's really not uh like like okay okay like the hardest classes ever, but but but but but but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out okay like I mean so so so so so so well of the way especially because now that I feel like I still don't know know know know know know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
Before we before we before we before we before we before we get started today today today today today today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly well um you know you know like like like like like like about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and and and and and and podcast um I mean okay um like and one place that's for free. You don't don't don't don't don't don't even need a premium account and that okay you know well uh you know is is is is is is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit these these these these these these um well okay uh I mean days. So with Spotify, you can follow follow follow follow follow follow your favorite podcast. So you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so you never miss an so okay well I mean like episode you can can can can can can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users uh well well well well well well uh um you know can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and and and and and and whenever you are if you're uh you know okay I mean you know know know know know know like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one one one one one one like um well like well is actually useful. So if so if so so so so so so if so if so if so if you haven't done so already download the the the the the the Spotify app search for I mean like uh I mean okay your favorite podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make well well well well well well so so uh uh sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an an an an an an episode of optimal okay like so well okay living advice. That being that being that that that that that that being that being that being that being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody Welcome to uh well uh well well episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey uh so I I I I I I mean um I mean Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's It's It's It's It's It's Monday. So I mean um uh um um well so far. It's been been been been been been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked um I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay like to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the the the the the the so well um uh um tax that can't read that this is we're talking talking talking talking talking talking to these people. We're not I um okay so I mean like don't don't don't don't don't don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, we I mean uh like um like did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we we we we we we did go to piece. That was pretty cool um well so you know I I I I I I mean. We got we got we got we got we got we got to to to to to to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really cool uh like like like like like like I mean like okay. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of of of of TV talk now so you know I mean like um look at the buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after um uh um well okay show show show show show show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know you know season Chad Hills. I am I am am am am am am I am I am I am I am your host Jay Jones. I've been been been been been been rocking with you since like like I mean uh like season one. I'm so happy happy happy happy happy happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could like like um uh uh uh uh uh uh um not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the the the the the the like I mean okay okay okay fart of my love. I have I have I have have have have have have I have I have I have Miss Janice. I am I am I am am am am am am I am I am I am and she is so you know like you you you you you you know so a biggest the big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've yes, I've yes, I've yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I've yes, I've yes, I've been watching the posture um uh okay so uh since since since since since since I was in high school. So like I'm the OG posture um so like you you you you you you know you know isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and and and and and and yeah, and yeah, and she brings you your news and your okay well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are how are are are are are are how are how are how are how are you guys doing? I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel like well well well well well well you know uh I mean I mean you want to share? I I I I I I know Brandon and I toss different ideas you know like uh so okay around around around around around around for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a a a a a a well uh like you know um podcast and I'll tell you why first of of of of of of all, it's free. You can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can record edit and distribute so like like well I mean your podcast all all all all all all from your phone or or from your computer. It will so uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay you know do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple so so so so so so so like like you know and all of the big names you can make make make make make make money with no minimum listenership. And you know okay uh like you know it's it's it's it's it's it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one place. So So So So So So here's what uh um like I mean I mean you need to do. If you're you're you're you're you're you're interested Go download the free anchor app or so like I mean um like go to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot um um um you you you you you you know you know. F m-- go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everyone you know you know like you know like. Welcome to the inside scoop on on on on on on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for for for for for for so for so for so for so for so for okay um okay so so so so so so well our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the the the the the the original old I mean well like um um school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited excited excited excited excited excited about this one. It was uh okay um so I mean one of my my my my my my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones so uh like like like like like like so uh she saw in the theater growing up. I was I was was was was was was I was I was I was I was introduced to this movie when I like like like like like like you know well so I mean was about nine or ten, which given given given given given given the amounts of nudity and uh okay okay okay okay violence seems wildly inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself I mean uh so like like like like like like um that so before we get into it. Let's chat let's chat let's chat let's chat let's chat let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me me me me me me as I talk you know so okay you know like to the best and brightest and and and and and and It's an economics will go beyond just Theory and okay um okay okay okay discuss some some some some some some of the most important real world macro questions of our time what well uh so so so so so so so well happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today today today today today today. I'm so like well uh uh going to be celebrating the life and grieving the the the the the the passing of my husband's grandmother I mean well I mean I mean um um um um um um. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen seen seen seen seen seen uh uh you know uh well for a long time. We get to share stories stories stories stories stories stories about this woman that was in our um okay you know okay like life and so so so so so so important to many of us and I wanted to just acknowledge that story um uh uh uh uh uh uh well um so and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know we're we're we're we're we're we're I mean well okay okay so going to have a great time sharing stories stories stories stories stories stories about this woman that we're grieving and sharing well so I mean okay I mean stories stories stories stories stories stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness of uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean well so humans and human nature. And so today I want want want want want want you to kind of join me not okay like uh like like just with with with with with with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone gone gone gone gone gone. That's exclusive that's exclusive that's exclusive that's exclusive that's exclusive that's exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive exclusive um okay um I mean so to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes tapes tapes tapes tapes tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that explores you know okay well you know so so so so so so what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini mini mini mini mini mini episodes like this follow gone so um like like uh exclusively on Spotify. On July July July July July July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set so um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some some some some some some of like I mean I mean like like history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong Armstrong Armstrong Armstrong Armstrong Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo the Apollo the Apollo the Apollo the Apollo the Apollo 11 moon.
Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for well um um um um um um um you know uh not not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and and and and and and then I'll you know okay so like uh see what I'm Molly. Oh my my my my my my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is I mean um so um uh episode 5 were just just just just just just talking about how we can believe it would Made it to well you know um um um um um um so like episode 5 but I was telling a lie feels like it's been like like like like like like years for okay so I mean like okay me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it feel feel feel feel feel feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because well um you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean I'm not used to spending as much time with you half an hour hour hour hour hour hour a like I mean well so okay week. That's crazy every other week or every other week week week week week week. That's insane. That's you know so uh so like honestly crossing the line. What What What What What What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are you you you you you you really like you know you know uh okay leaving your hood on the entire entire entire entire entire entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on one shirt like so so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already mom's spaghetti spaghetti spaghetti spaghetti spaghetti spaghetti okay you know so you know um. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was was was was was was listening that I've got puke on my so like so okay like jumper jumper jumper jumper jumper jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the same scanning well well well well well well I mean uh um I mean that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. Welcome to I just gulped like like um um well water into the the the the the the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this episode? Yes like like like like like like like like like so. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show show show like like uh um I mean start brushing on the top of your mouth on one one one one one one side and brush I mean okay well um um a little circles around each tube tube tube tube tube tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we so I mean uh okay uh talk talk talk talk talk talk about a heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who like like like like like like okay I mean so well overcame incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen was born to a um you know like so um poor family in England a a a a a a long time ago. Sarah was sarah was sarah was sarah was sarah was sarah was was was was was was different from other kids I mean okay so you know uh because she was born born born born born born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold you know you know so so so so so so well so Sarah back when she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to to to to to to so close like so I mean I mean uh using her mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues issues issues issues issues issues or try to I mean so you know so uh create false images images images images images images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going you know so so so so so so so you know uh on in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration behind this okay like okay so I mean podcast is to speak to and in in in in in in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real uh well okay so so so so so so I mean being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, it's quite the opposite like um well so um. We believe that true strength is is is is is is revealed through our ability to continue to grow uh I mean well like um through through through through through through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that like like like like like like um uh you know uh in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out out out out out out when our so you know you know so okay backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights you you you you you you know um so well like reasons the music in this podcast is shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter than the original version on demand. So uh so uh so uh so uh so so so so so so uh so uh I mean well uh um a big warm welcome to my guests guests guests guests guests guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and loose um I mean uh you you you you you you know well and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got got got got got got a uh I mean like you know uh lot of things to talk about We're We're We're We're We're We're not gonna get into it just straight away okay well okay uh you know know know know know know no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well you know listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people people people people people people at home though. So okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay like like like like like like so so um yeah. Okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll okay, I'll okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year year year year year year from Hill bead so well well like um studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's That's That's That's That's That's great. That's great. That's perfect well so uh um like. That's what that's what what what what what what that's what that's what that's what that's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm not I mean um so like um sure Sciences Sciences Sciences Sciences Sciences Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff you know I mean okay I mean um podcast back on your listening device. We We We We We We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really I mean you know I mean I I I I I I mean you know cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA PA PA PA PA PA. They want to okay uh I mean I mean uh give away their products to to to to to to a handful of our listeners. And see what you I mean okay okay so you know know know know know know like don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're you're you're you're you're you're basically, you're just going to get like a I mean I mean I mean well well well well well well so couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and and and and and and then you're um so okay um so going to do some testimonials from us. This This This This This This is what you got to do like uh well uh like go to the the the the the the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the okay uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know uh page and just tell us why you want to try it it it it it it out. Maybe you've tried I mean well okay okay like CBD products before and you you you you you you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products um you know you know know know know know know I mean like. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just just just just just just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something like uh I mean uh okay specific that that that that that that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any other other other other other other okay uh so okay I mean to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I um um um um um um well I mean uh well love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to to to to to to soba is dull soap like well I mean so um is dope is not affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support like so well well like like like like like like people's right to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Let Let Let Let Let Live approach uh well you know so well to sobriety. This show is intended to to to to to to highlight the benefits of a sober life. We well okay okay so uh want to encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with um um um um um um like so so well alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop pop pop pop pop pop you Cannon. I am uh uh uh you know okay a recovering alcoholic alcoholic alcoholic alcoholic alcoholic alcoholic. I am I am I am I am I am I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know so uh I mean um. Let me explain it's free. There is creation creation creation creation creation creation tool that allows you to record and okay so okay um you know edit your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many more you know um you know uh uh you can make money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything um I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay like you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I I I I I I remember well okay okay so you know that day like it was yesterday the night night night night night night was young and I was fooling around sending well you know okay I mean I I I I I I mean messages to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the the the the the the series you know you know so okay you know and when you're still getting that's that's that's that's that's that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted you know okay um so so so so so so I mean to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that that that that that that well I mean well I mean okay shit, but most importantly. I want want want want want want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know know know know know know didn't know when I should uh you know you know uh you know talk about about about about about about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why okay uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay okay not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that that that that that that school that you know um you know so I mean made me who I I I I I I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was mary's was mary's was mary's was was was was was was mary's was mary's was a school. Unfortunately got well uh you know um well shut shut shut shut shut shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
Welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To Girls Girls Girls Girls Girls Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive in well well well well well well like you know um okay their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Shelby Diaz and you grams 7 uh well you know like well twinsies active active active active active active students in the space of friendships a less common type of well uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know you know relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that that that that that that. We've learned and still learning you know okay okay um uh so grab a a a a a a cold brew and join us at the table. This is so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean the girls go podcast. So Shelby so Shelby so Shelby so so so so so so Shelby so Shelby so Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a a a a a a little well I mean so you know like shout out to Miss Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say well like I mean well so hello hello hello hello hello hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I have you you you you you you know well I mean uh well a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish wish wish wish wish wish that you never seen. What like uh uh I mean so is that is on on on on on on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
Brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, I'm down in in in in in in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood forever um you know know know know know know I mean like uh. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I I I I I I can make it anywhere get a okay like so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome back to to to to to to um so um I mean okay the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready ready ready ready ready ready to talk about some pretty well so I mean you know okay cool stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, uh um um um um um um uh well okay I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the the the the the the first like like um I mean so I mean not real episode, but but but but but but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other uh well uh like like like like like like okay things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I mean we'll uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh like um talk about today and that this episode is all about the difference between a a a a a a okay uh well I mean okay goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick quick quick quick quick quick into what do we I mean um okay so well mean by that? We We We We We We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, okay um um um okay Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll so I'll break it down real quick and basically what well you know I I I I I I mean so uh me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we we we we we we came up with well um I mean you know okay what we what we have have have have have have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor you know you know um you know like app, let me explain a a a a a a few things because it's the easiest way to make I mean you know uh you you you you you you know I mean a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild wild wild wild wild wild podcast. We use anchor like like well okay you know for many reasons. The The The The The The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you know so um okay like don't have to to to to to to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's creation tools I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know I mean um that allow you to to record and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone your like you know so um I I I I I I mean computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So you don't have well okay well well so to worry about it. It can be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many uh okay I mean you know well well well well well well more platforms. You can you can you can you can you can you can also also also also also also make money from your podcast and everybody loves making I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean more money. So go download the free anchor app or go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a and CH o r dot FBI.
Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read and and and and and and I'm um so well okay you know the creator of Love positivism. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here to help you on your spiritual and healing journey okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like. I am I am I am I am I am I am a a a a a a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student of Chinese medicine a doula a well well well well well well like like so you know Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I want want want want want want I want I want I want I want I want to use my my my my my my knowledge. To channel I mean like like like well information and messages for you you you you you you to grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to um well uh okay well well well well well well this week's episode today. We will be doing meditation together which will ground you you you you you you down like um uh uh you know into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
Good morning. Good morning. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening listening listening listening listening listening you're listening to live an app kind of like a like I mean um well well well well well well um heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's It's It's It's It's It's okay. It's like uh uh uh so the first shot. I say I say I I I I I I say I say I say I say we roll with it and we just just just just just just keep going. You're uh well well so well right, except it's live to neck neck neck neck neck neck. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's about about about about about about it. I got it live uh uh I mean um uh to neck live to to to to to to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This okay well okay you you you you you you know well may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're we're we're we're we're we're just uh so well you know um gonna go with the flow. That's That's That's That's That's That's us and let the train hit us - like I mean like okay you you you you you you know oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow flow flow flow flow flow of like like I mean so so the train. Hitting our bodies great start start start start start start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, hey hey hey hey hey hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up up up up up up okay so I mean like okay. Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick quick quick quick quick quick. That is starting. I ruined you know um so so okay the entire. I did did did did did did I did I did I did I did I did not we can go again once once once once once once I got my um uh okay so I mean stirring spoon. Thank you. Welcome back back back back back back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? so well you know so so so so so so so All hosted by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back back back back back back well uh I mean so you know. Welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the apparently the the the the the the apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently the late straight before we start start start start start start we'll kick I mean you know so you know um off with the sponsors. Give them them them them them them give them give them give them give them give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a lot of um okay uh I mean well a a a a a a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to okay uh well like like like like like like well make a tournament work. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how okay well well well well well well okay well I mean we do a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings and greetings and greetings and greetings and greetings and welcome to a Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday okay so okay um uh edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the the the the the the same I mean like um I mean you know team record membership membership membership membership membership membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end like uh like like like like like like I mean uh of the season who's locked themselves in for round round round round round round one? What do we want um you know like uh like to see against against against against against against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last year's like like like like like like okay I mean okay like premiers the crows in the AFL. W we wwe wwe wwe wwe wwe wwe wwe wwe wwe wwe discuss this and more on um um I mean uh well well well well well well the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here with so um so like like like like like like okay Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so I mean so I mean well apologies that we're releasing this a few few few few few few days later than we would have liked. I actually I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So So So So So So this is the first like okay okay um well time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David so uh uh uh uh uh uh well so like Starr co-ack. Well, yeah well, yeah well, yeah well, yeah well, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks you know know know know know know you know you know I mean uh is he? All right. So how you find find find find find find in six from the like uh uh okay I mean moment because we haven't really really really really really really talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well far, but, you know, obviously there's good moments and bad moments, but but but but but but overall, it's been uh you know uh so like just all right. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've anything you've anything you've anything you've anything you've anything anything anything anything anything anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one okay uh so like okay thing thing thing thing thing thing that I've you know kind of felt happy about is like, you know know know know know know like uh okay you know uh people, you know accepting me for who I am am am am am am because yeah, you know in case you know so okay well um you're listening listening listening listening listening listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just Just Just Just Just Just uh just uh just uh just uh just uh just uh like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean like want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what what what what what what I'm um I mean like you know um not computer savvy OR tech savvy savvy savvy savvy savvy savvy but very easy to use, you know, you know well well I mean like like like like like like what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest uh um I mean well well thing I love about it is the fact that it's free free free free free free. So download the free anchor app well uh so I mean um and and and and and and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In this in in in in in in this in this in this in this in this episode we so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I I I I I I am like like um so okay Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your your your your your your mind because it's story time. Welcome uh uh I mean like I mean to to to to to to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences you know so I mean you know okay that shape our world. If after the the the the the the show you feel compelled to share a story I mean like well well well well well well okay you know or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom so I mean like well I mean. This is an independently run podcast. If you you you you you you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're going going going going going going with like okay like uh okay day one. The Tuesday first race of of of of of of the day of the meeting is a supreme so um well so I mean novices novices novices novices novices novices hurdle grade one. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got got got got got got we've got shishkin at five to two Astro and phalange 72 so I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh so Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a last 25 to to to to to to okay uh uh um so 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw McGraw confirmed to you know like you know like like be riding him on the the the the the the day. Two main two main two main two main two main two main Market Market Market Market Market Market while I was issued in a okay well I mean um you you you you you you know stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've they've they've they've they've they've got like I mean um um uh probably the best form of all the the the the the the horses in the race. She skin she skin she skin she skin she skin she she she she she she skin very um uh well um I mean impressive as two wins. And again again again again again again asking for loans and being free starts um okay well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in in in in in in a so like um you know so bump of him. I've gone I've gone I've I've I've I've I've I've gone I've gone I've gone I've gone without a heart he is a two-time two-time two-time two-time two-time two-time winner over hurdle like okay so like um so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum you know know know know know know so I mean so like bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We um uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean um got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking talking talking talking talking talking about the Desi strong game well uh um you know so of new polls versus versus versus versus versus versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has okay uh like like like like like like uh well ended up getting the W girls going to be be be be be be talking about who we think is I mean well you know like I mean gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win it well well well well well well I mean okay okay like. So stay tuned to find out who would might be be be be be be and then we're uh like so okay I mean going to end off talking talking talking talking talking talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the okay okay I mean you know um um um um um um season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit so so so so so so well I mean I mean okay. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right right right right right right. So let's get into it Saint okay you know you know like you you you you you you know Rose had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College you you you you you you know okay so um so and new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played played played played played played Stevens and st. Francis um you know um so okay. And now today they're they're they're they're they're they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing you know okay I mean so like show start brushing on the top top top top top top of your mouth on one side and I mean like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know brush the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines it's heroines it's it's it's it's it's it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week and every I mean um uh well I I I I I I mean day this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about about about about about about um okay like like well wangari. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement movement movement movement movement movement one Garden was born you know uh you know well uh in a country in Africa Africa Africa Africa Africa Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was uh uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay full of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon soon soon soon soon soon that well uh I mean um so would change. Switch or brushing to the other side of of of of of of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going going going going going going uh uh uh so you know to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic basic basic basic basic basic science of the well um like you know so coronavirus and to to to to to to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to so uh well so so so so so so okay the conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes I I I I I I mean so like I mean well About it to try to just seal fact from from from from from from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right you know um okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh now in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know know know know know know response already I mean I mean well I mean well like last week in in in in in in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
Hey, this is David. It's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, me, me, me, me, me, it's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome you know uh like uh well well well well well well back to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going we're going we're going to get into a bunch so um um um um um um um I mean you know of topics including our first topic which is Spam Spam Spam Spam Spam Spam calls and we got all sorts you know so I mean uh um of stuff here here here here here here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you if you if you if you you you you you you if you if you know what okay I mean I mean well um um um um um um I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our our our our our our multimedia you know like okay okay you know class as we get a couple of of of of of of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them I mean okay okay well you know know know know know know. It's pretty funny. Stuff the stuff the stuff the stuff the stuff the stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing you know uh okay um um um um um um you know with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first first first first first first like uh so I mean okay spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got we got we we we we we we got we got we got we got the normal crew with us uh like um um um um um um so like today. We got we got we got we got we got got got got got got we got a great show. Look at look at look at look at at at at at at look at look at Marathon trials review plenty of um like okay okay I I I I I I mean stuff to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Donovan Donovan Donovan Donovan Donovan Brazier and it's uh I mean so I mean so not in our normal spot. We We We We We We had to kind of do it on the fly, but I mean you know so so so so so so you know well bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, this is even I mean well you know like so Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Donovan Donovan Donovan Donovan Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at we're at we're at we're at we're at we're at at at at at at track I mean like you know so so me where the track office not not not not not not really supposed to be got some audience well um I mean uh well well well well well well over here. Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and you you you you you you know you know um like like a half. What does sex Bingo and tail tail tail tail tail tail because I missed that so um like I mean um so it was a a a a a a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room like you know I mean you you you you you you know uh was through the roof. We had just about over a hundred people in in in in in in one room, I mean um you know like okay which was probably a fire fire fire fire fire fire hazard looking back at it but us being students so so I mean well so not not not not not not our number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and and and and and and like like uh um so there were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say say say say say say I'm not too um I mean uh you know um sure what is safe safe safe safe safe safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that um like well well well well well well like well but also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads reads reads reads reads reads. So nobody was getting okay like well uh you know Aids on the watch watch watch watch watch watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state um well uh uh uh uh uh uh well so funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting um um um um um um like I mean well I mean down the top 31 Sports scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're okay we're okay we're okay we're we're we're we're we're we're okay we're okay we're okay okay uh well you know going back to to to to to to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know punch and charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America America America America America America beauty contestant Desiree, like like so I mean okay Washington for more shocking sports sports sports sports sports sports events from history tune in right here every day uh um like so okay to to to to to to our March Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts well well well well well well you know okay uh you know. In a Las Vegas gym on September 10th 10th 10th 10th 10th 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled so I mean so you know you know know know know know know the bag his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about well well well well well well so um okay okay the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement movement movement movement movement movement. But also quarter okay um well like you know extremity movement violations, we're going to to to to to to dive specifically today into the importance of it you know uh uh well well well well well well I mean and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern Fern Fern Fern Fern Fern first question you know you know well well I mean I have for you you you you you you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of out out out out out out of out of out of out of out of quarter well so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced like uh I mean I mean I mean to it probably day one is an an an an an an athlete like as a little kid. They just don't you know um so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing I mean well so so so so so so so I mean mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do do do do do do is probably jumping you know uh you know like well or throwing something right. So So So So So So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast today in so uh like I mean I mean this episode of of of of of of podcast. I'll direct I'll direct I'll direct I'll direct I'll direct I'll direct you you you you you you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's um okay okay well so an Indian writer writer writer writer writer writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya you know okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well well Academy Awards and Padma Shri. I found I found I found I I I I I I found I found I found the story in an old book of mine and and and and and and I mean I mean I mean well I mean there is something about the way way way way way way he write his story. These the way so you know you know uh you you you you you you know he brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his his his his his his writings okay you know uh um okay and today you gonna sit back relax relax relax relax relax relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while like um uh you know I mean where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to so so so so so so okay well okay um get to the other side of today everything that has has has has has has happened up till now everything well like uh you know I mean that you've experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will get you like so so so so so so you know I mean uh through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it it it it it it is you have got this so okay well you know well like 2% back yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself and know that today is your day. This is this is this is this is is is is is is this is this is your everyday positivity like uh like okay you know. My name is Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back you know well well like like like like like like well with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go Go Go Go Go Go for it. You well you well you well you well you well you well so so so so so so well well like got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much much much much much much for joining okay okay well I mean I mean today. I am so thankful that you you you you you you have downloaded this episode and that you okay you know okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully so hopefully so so so so so so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully I'll be able okay like well okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is is is is is is something I couldn't wait to like you know okay I mean like publish publish publish publish publish publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very first wash guest of uh okay okay okay okay okay okay um um well a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media for a a a a a a long while now you know so uh well like. I'd actually heard of this this this this this this guest back on another podcast God over a year ago um like like uh okay. Now whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst I was training for the London marathon and I remember listening well um well well well well well well you know you know thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has has has has has has achieved. I was just bewildered um um I mean uh you know by his his his his his his achievements. He is he is he is he is he is he is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have have have have have have got you know okay I mean uh you know in the studio very very very very very very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street like uh you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned. It like you know well you know like would name dropped in in in in in in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we okay well well so well we we we we we we have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I like like like like like like okay so well you know haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying trying trying trying trying trying I mean so uh um you know to pretend I'm not okay. We've We've We've We've We've We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast episode um so like well like like like like like like set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for one I mean mean mean mean mean mean so like um uh person and that I feel like our audio audio audio audio audio audio is always a little off so you know uh uh like and you guys have probably probably probably probably probably probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it um like you know like I mean we're probably probably probably probably probably probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to well well well well well well I mean uh I mean I mean yeah, we said it with me. Me Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma Emma and Ellen This is your first so so well I mean well time tuning in in in in in in. This is this is this is this is this is this is a mother-daughter podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we answer your life okay um uh well um advice questions that you emailed to to to to to to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say like I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um I mean it's a little advice a lot of talking and and and and and and a lot of attitude. We're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not licensed therapists.
What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's it's it's it's it's it's not like something you know okay okay well uh fun was vibrant. What's What's What's What's What's What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to the filthy I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's cold cold cold cold cold cold as I mean um I mean uh like fuck in here. My balls my balls balls balls balls balls balls my balls my balls my balls my balls are really small. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm nippy as fuck what your balls are uh uh like so um small. I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean is that because it's it's it's it's it's it's cold or is that just because your balls are you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh like well small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like it's like like like like like like it's like it's like it's like it's like what's up? Welcome back. My My My My My My okay okay you know um like ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like that hat dude. Thank um uh so so so so so so I mean so you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's sister's sister's sister's sister's sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing a habit.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to find the the the the the the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children and well uh uh uh uh uh uh well um okay your partner. We are we are we are we are we are are are are are are we are going to give you tips and strategies to create peace okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean like um okay and authenticity within your family. This is this is this is this is is is is is is this is this is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer okay you know know know know know know so like so writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I I I I I I am terilyn so so well you know uh Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & like like um uh well 3 we inhale inhale inhale inhale inhale inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the you know uh uh uh uh uh uh well so um information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together together together together together together. Okay, everybody um well so okay um. I have I have I have I have I I I I I I have I have a high five and that is that I have heard from from from from from from read well I mean uh um so listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas you know know know know know know um like well um come from. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive executive executive executive executive executive creative director at cnx um I mean so like um leading a team of of of of of of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all like uh okay like I I I I I I mean over the world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston Boston and um you know well so um anomaly in New York and then joining Conde Nast Nast Nast Nast Nast Nast. I hear he's also a fine um you know like uh so artist electronic music music music music music music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our you know you know like like like like like like well okay co-host from time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights highlights highlights highlights highlights highlights from uh I mean well well like our conversation. We talked about how they became became became became became became interested in advertising when he was young okay well well okay um. And suddenly this this this this this this is guy who came into the scene and we all know well you know know know know know know uh like uh who he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was really young young young young young young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
This is going to freak me out. He's like, he's like, he's like, he's he's he's he's he's he's like, he's like, he's like, oh thank God. You're not you're not you're not you're you're you're you're you're you're not you're not you're not a uh well okay like okay horse girl. Like I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like I can't think of anything. Who does does does does does does that? I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna go go go go go go finger the icing I mean okay well uh so over another company. Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to another episode of officially unofficial. Hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and hello and hello and you know um you know so so welcome back. My My My My My My name is Nat and my name is Bianca well you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay um and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they they they they they they are they are they are they are they are they hot or you know uh well well well well well well um you know are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was was was was was was very boring. How um I mean well okay uh was yours? I was also very very very very very very boring but for very I assume very different reasons um uh I mean you know know know know know know so. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can can can can can can talk like uh I mean okay you know about but I will say that it it it it it it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting well well well well well well okay well like uh and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones phones phones phones phones phones. I do okay like um you know you know a lot of live videos, of of of of of of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them uh uh okay you know well some some some some some some of you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a I I I I I I mean you know you know like so few minutes and then move on on on on on on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to I mean you know um like uh talk talk talk talk talk talk about first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age um um um um um um like so like like of 25 and that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing it for real you know um okay like okay. It's pushing it. I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we we we we we we try okay you know okay so well to help with your you love with with with with with with your day lemmas and try to make life so I mean well well um a a a a a a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets well well well well well well uh okay I mean um and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
This is this is this is this is this is this is dumb money live live live live live live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming um I mean uh like like like like like like like live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm uh uh well like like Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan is going to be joining us soon so I mean well well like and and and and and and look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, Dude, Dude, Dude, Dude, Dude, okay like well you know uh hey, how's it going? Good, glad you could could could could could could join us. We're all doing um okay well like uh this this special broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast. We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have you know know know know know know um I mean like um to talk about Robin Hood. It's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all all all all all all investors like well you know um like in not as users of the the the the the the company, but we're actual investors in the series you know uh uh so you you you you you you know a shares of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage brokerage brokerage brokerage brokerage brokerage like um um uh uh that is kind of changed the rules offering free training training training training training training quickly being copied by I mean um um you know I mean all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's it's it's it's it's it's Sunday you know uh I mean I mean you know. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are are are are are are you? My name my name my name my name my name my name is Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, you know, we just want you know uh um I mean like to to to to to to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill in today is you you you you you you know well so well okay doing and we had to our pour one out out out out out out for the homies. Yeah, that's why it's uh um so like um that's why why why why why why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad music starting off because our like like like like like like like okay well you know Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried fried fried fried fried fried a podcast. Shout out okay so so I mean you know weaves new job job job job job job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've so I I I I I I mean well uh so got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into into into into into into your weekend. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're going to start okay well like I mean well going to start your your your your your your week off right? Hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though um like you you you you you you know so I mean. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is this is this is this this this this this this is this is this is the crypto Cana me. If you like um so like like like like like like like guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his his his his his his medium page and um um well like uh it's another great one about about about about about about around the concept of Bitcoin as a living organism. So let's I mean well well well well well well well well you know go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll talk a little bit about it you know like like uh okay afterward. Bitcoins Bitcoins Bitcoins Bitcoins Bitcoins Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and thriving Between Worlds as I have like uh uh I I I I I I mean like argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome to the the the the the the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so okay uh I mean well you know and we're here to talk talk talk talk talk talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the like so uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well demo for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which which which which which which was the one well okay well okay like with Drew Brees on the cover cover cover cover cover cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and so you know uh so so so so so so like the AFC Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets I I I I I I mean like so so so. This was this was this was this was was was was was was this was this was the game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed the demo um okay okay well uh and so you play that demo. That was your your your your your your first experience. Yeah, pretty much well you know um like you know why you chose chose chose chose chose chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan fan fan fan fan fan because so you know like um like well quite frankly because I have a horse and and and and and and I went and I didn't like okay so um okay you know I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you know okay I mean uh you know sharing with you about about about about about about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the fat unanimously cut the well well like like like like like like uh well federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in the the the the the the u.s. Outlook like you know so well I mean due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell Powell Powell Powell Powell Powell basically indicated that the virus and the measures I mean you know well well well well well well I mean um that are being taken to contain. It will it will it will will will will will will it will it will it will surely way on economic activity both in okay so so so so so so so like I mean the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier than scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled March fomc okay so so you know um meeting but clearly illustrates. What we we we we we we what we what we what we what we what we said about the FED FED FED FED FED FED being cornered in to a like so so um like 50 basis point cut by by by by by by market. The question that remains is where will the FED go you know um I I I I I I mean um like from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs that that that that that that actually I mean okay um uh so felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So So So So So So our so our so our so our so our so our senses look to the the the the the the market I mean I mean okay I mean I mean reaction Wall Street quickly sold sold sold sold sold sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw we saw we saw we saw we saw we saw the two-year you.
Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read I I I I I I mean well well like uh Psalm 16 today. This is another Psalm of David David David David David David. Preserve Me O God for in I mean I mean well you you you you you you know so the do I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Thou Thou Thou Thou Thou Art uh like I mean okay like my Lord. I have no good be on on on on on on thee as for the saints that so okay okay so you know are in the the the the the the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my well I mean so so so so so so you know um delight their sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for for for for for for another God their drink offerings well I mean well well you know of blood. I will will will will will will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The like you know well well well well well well um okay Lord is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow Dow Dow Dow Dow Dow maintains my uh I mean uh like I mean lat the Lines are Fallen unto me me me me me me in Pleasant places. Yea, I yea, I yea, I yea, I yea, I yea, I I I I I I have a goodly Heritage well so okay like um. I Will Bless The Lord who has has has has has has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have I have I have I have I have I have set the lord.
Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup okay uh okay you know um winner. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm um so you know okay you you you you you you know not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's it's it's it's it's it's okay. What's I mean okay well so uh up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a a a a a a very special guest today. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got got got got got got we've got the Athletics goalkeeping okay like well so like Guru map his drow ski ski ski ski ski ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is well like well uh uh uh uh uh uh um up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for thanks for having me happy to be Back, you uh okay you you you you you you know uh you know know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a a a a a a somebody to talk like I mean okay so well MLS from Europe. Yeah you go go go go go go you go all the way to Sweden to um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's What's What's What's What's What's your theory? Hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how how how how how how many uh well um I mean so hours a day? Is Is Is Is Is Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where where where where where where a you know so I mean uh so person suffers from a sense of being being being being being being powerless. It usually comes from a uh well um I mean you know know know know know know traumatic event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one I I I I I I mean like so so well of the biggest underlying causes of depression. And And And And And And there was a study they did with okay uh you know okay you know two mice mice mice mice mice mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a so okay well well well well well well um well slight electronic shock, but no way to get out the other Mouse Mouse Mouse Mouse Mouse Mouse when they gave uh uh you know so you know the shock to it it it it it it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get uh so um um um um um um you know so out of the cage. The interesting the interesting the interesting the the the the the the interesting the interesting the interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick quick quick quick quick quick um okay you know like like shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in in in in in in and listening to I mean I mean like um so my podcast and minor Manson podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast every week. What made me want to start a um like um okay okay podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the like like like like like like so I mean I mean I mean ground. He know me. I had I I I I I I had I had I had I had I had a lot of questions basic simple simple simple simple simple simple questions. Like how okay you know um okay I mean do I record an an an an an an episode? How do I get my show into like All the apps I mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh uh so all the major markets. Is it even possible to make make make make make make money from my podcast? Well, you know okay like like you know I got the answer answer answer answer answer answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean so well man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your your your your your your podcast and well you know you know um like you ain't even got to pay nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's going going going going going going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor well well well so so so so so so like it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to to to to to to use it's uh okay okay okay uh free and there's creation tools straight in the app app app app app app that allow you to edit you know um so well uh your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to um um um um um um uh I mean uh you know Spotify apple and many more without having having having having having having to do anything which is great and well um well I mean well you you you you you you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also I I I I I I mean okay you know so I mean great man. You gotta grind you got got got got got got to get to where you're going. So well uh you know I mean well it's everything you you you you you you need to do all one place and to download the app go to well so so so so so so I mean you know okay anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online online online online online online to get Started let's get in the uh so um like okay madness. Yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything I mean um um um um um um um I mean so in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it it it it it it up. Keep doing well I mean I mean like uh what you're doing man. Great show great great great great great great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little little little little little little idea um okay um you know um how we do it here at paddle paddle paddle paddle paddle paddle and fin podcast. We use we use we use we use we use we use the the the the the the anchor well uh um um um dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our our our our our our podcast too many many different platforms. There's uh well I mean well you know creation creation creation creation creation creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your um I mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay uh phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download Download Download Download Download Download the free anchor app um well um like so to get started. This segment segment segment segment segment segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in um you know know know know know know um well well doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save like um well well well well well well uh you know 20% off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network Network Network Network Network Network. This um I mean like uh uh is the final cash segment with your your your your your your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where like okay uh I mean I mean we we we we we we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the final cast.
Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going I'm going going going going going going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to be you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean so so I mean talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to to to to to to hear more about this um um I mean um like juicy stuff. Do you want to to to to to to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy okay I mean I mean well you you you you you you know levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your your your your your your life. Welcome to so like um um uh the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive dive dive dive dive dive into sexual Mastery and how so uh I mean okay you know to use Sexual Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so so so so so so there's a bit of um so uh I mean well a myth in our world world world world world world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity you know know know know know know uh I mean well well. That's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves him well okay like like uh limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The The The The The The Stereotype of the man uh uh so you know I mean who finishes finishes finishes finishes finishes finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep. He can't he can't he can't he can't he can't he can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um I mean like. Cabana is cabana is cabana is cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana cabana is cabana is cabana is all about living your life with intention each each each each each each week. I'll be featuring someone well well so so you know who inspires me and lives lives lives lives lives lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening so well so you you you you you you know I mean you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with with with with with with intention it all begins okay I mean uh you know so with you. With me with with with with with with me with me with me with me with me in the studio today today today today today today and by Studio, of course, you know I mean okay so uh I I I I I I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say say say say say say I mean um um well um your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and and and and and and I say it like Madonna like okay I mean okay well. Okay old like like like like like like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's well uh like like like like like like so um last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that that that that that that because it's like you know uh okay uh like mine. Go with the guys and know know know know know know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean like like like like like like like well like I mean Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting over being sick sick sick sick sick sick and uh well so okay I mean just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just just just just just just it's weird being sick like you know like I mean you know and trying to to to to to to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way um uh well well well well well well I mean like. I'm headed the right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for for for for for for asking. I'm so I mean like you know um glad you're on. On the mend mend mend mend mend mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend so I mean so so so so so so like um or Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least least least least least least you um okay I mean um okay know, you stuck it out for our wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they well like like you know like appreciate so so so so so so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make I mean I I I I I I mean so uh I mean sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios news. I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing like uh like like like like like like well you know a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of of of of of of you are doing very very you know uh so okay okay well. Good Good Good Good Good Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this this this this this this like well I mean well like stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah, man. What is like well so like I mean it all about Oh Sees Sees Sees Sees Sees Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, um um okay well you you you you you you know first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So um um so uh uh are we just dumping the audio on the the the the the the Internet or is there a ways uh well okay I mean so to do do do do do do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to uh uh uh uh uh uh like like okay like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or your computer I mean so you know well uh. Wow. That is so awesome. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. Now is it? It just it just it just it just it just it just just just just just just on anchor or does well uh like um okay it go anywhere else after after after after after after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will okay I mean like um um um um um um so distribute it out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a a a a a a bunch well like well well uh more places. You don't have to do anything but but but but but but post it to Anchor. Awesome well well I mean well um. Is there any way way way way way way to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with with with with with with well so uh well like your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money money money money money money right away. You can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can like I mean um um okay start making money man. That is awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you well well you know um um um um um um I mean need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
You have not heard about anger. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the the the the the the it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let you know um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to to to to to to record so I mean so so you know and edit your podcast, right you're you're you're you're you're you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for um um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you you can okay um like okay I mean make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a uh uh uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three of my my my my my my I mean okay so um so friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first first first first first first experience. The two the two the two the two the two the two two two two two two parties I mean uh uh I mean I mean are engaged and right right right right right right before the wedding the girl told him that she loves I mean uh you you you you you you know I mean I mean somebody else in the second experience as a a a a a a wedding date approached the girl you know I mean like uh you know ran ran ran ran ran ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, you know know know know know know like I mean well uh but within a month my friend found out that she was was was was was was still in touch with her um well so um like ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair affair affair affair affair affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such uh um you know know know know know know so okay experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know like okay explaining to each and every single male out out out out out out there specifically how to become more masculine to you know so um you know um determine determine determine determine determine determine your fate. And the and the and the and the and the and the the the the the the reason why I feel that this is such an important okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean you know topic is because people have no idea nowadays how how how how how how to actually control their Destiny or you know okay uh uh uh how to actually actually actually actually actually actually control their fate so that way they're in control uh okay um um um um um um um I mean of what they would like and as a man this is important important important important important important to your uh um okay I mean well success. This is ridiculously important to your your your your your your happiness. And not and not and not and not and not and not only that if if if if if if you I mean um uh like okay want to become a man of value so so so so so so that way other men or other people you know so well I mean well in general general general general general general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the the the the the the deal like so so so uh. If you don't have a very high attention attention attention attention attention attention span, if you're a person you know you know um okay so who cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going okay well well well well well well like I mean um to do very well. Okay, because this video might take take take take take take me a little bit to you know you know uh like I mean explain so so so so so so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten ten ten ten ten ten so um uh I mean I mean minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring this uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like so like week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and and and and and and Daniel fintan in the cutout fee I mean like uh okay okay. How are how how how how how how are how are how are how are how are you doing today? My My My My My My friend? I'm good I'm good I'm good I'm good I'm good I'm good feels feels feels feels feels feels a bit lonely to okay you know you know well so be honest just us us us us us us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad yeah sad yeah sad yeah sad yeah sad yeah sad times times times times times times it does. Obviously we had our um so um like well first High-profile guest I I I I I I guess you could say all due respect to Rob well uh I mean okay well our our our our our our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not quite to be be be be be be so okay well uh well fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest guest guest guest guest guest but we had our first like I mean well I mean um we caught caught caught caught caught caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast I I I I I I mean uh um um um last week, and if you haven't listened to that go go go go go go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
Alright, so alright, so alright, so alright, so alright, so alright, so we are now live live live live live live we are now live. So if you guys want to you know so so so so so so so so um hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down down down down down down. So you know so okay um uh myself and Michael and the charts will be answering answering answering answering answering answering your questions. Alright, so we got our first like you know uh uh uh contestant contestant contestant contestant contestant contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, all right, all right, all all all all all all right, all right, all right, so so it's so um okay uh like nine to nine nine nine nine nine nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you you you you you you I mean um uh okay like there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death death death death death death row who will probably die of um uh okay um well old age age age age age age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man was convicted like like like like like like like um uh um for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was was was was was was he was he was he was he was he was arrested this man uh like like like like like like uh uh well wanted the death penalty. He did he did he did he did he he he he he he did he did not not want to grow old in prison and I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean um you know 34 years later. He got his wish wish wish wish wish wish so if you like your coffee hot, but well so um you know know know know know know so your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of of of of of of murder well you know uh you know like. Edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and and and and and and spent most of his life in Michigan um okay um well well with no no no no no no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here at Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's Tommy's uh so I mean you know well high school. So I thought maybe I would would would would would would go around and do something special a um so you know like well little bit bit bit bit bit bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if they want to answer I I I I I I mean um um I mean you know a question that my students have written. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to pull a question out of the uh uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going to answer answer answer answer answer answer it and we're going uh well um you know uh to get some interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting answers. I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure in the the the the the the meantime, I want to let you know you know okay well so you know know know know know know that tomorrow. We have another official guest and I cannot wait to interview interview interview interview interview interview our well you know well um I mean next guest here on between two Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story like I mean um okay so that that that that that that they're going to share with you is unbelievable. So you want to make well I I I I I I mean uh um so sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of of of of of of wisdom okay so like okay so from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome Rome Rome Rome Rome Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of okay you know you know um um um um um um I mean philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide guide guide guide guide guide you through I mean I mean you know um um this reading In season 4 4 4 4 4 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the well um like I mean well film film film film film film was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when when when when when when um um I mean um you know they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of of of of of of their country then when they suffer it well you know like like you know for some some some some some some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
If you if you if you if you if you if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast okay I I I I I I mean uh uh uh. Let me explain it's free. There's a there's a there's a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a creation tools that allow you to record I I I I I I mean okay well okay like and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer and covid distribute your podcast you know so so you know uh for you. So So So So So So it so it so it so it so it so it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can like well well well well well well well well well make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need so so so so so so I mean um um you know to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle up or good Echo well uh um like so the FM to get started started started started started started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing uh well um okay uh into the the the the the the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all well uh okay like like like like like like so night long. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in like uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay so the bedroom was filled with the tangible manifested presence presence presence presence presence presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T T T T T T starter, um like okay I mean well we think teachers hours each week week week week week week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms um um you know know know know know know okay so visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode episode episode episode episode episode of Friday funny is is so so uh I mean so not for little ears if if if if if if you've got kids with you save this listening goodness for uh like I mean so so so so so so um later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional comedian who who who who who who inspires like okay you know um okay kids to love learning with his his his his his his quirky sense of humor follow him on like I mean like well okay Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's with with with with with with mr so okay well um you know. D. Hello d. Hello d. Hello d. Hello d d d d d d. Hello d. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with this um um um um um um well you know well well V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? say say say say say Hey girl. Agora I agora I agora I agora I agora I agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the the the the the the jam so I mean uh you know you know cast-iron Mark and across from from from from from from me is John was going back. Hey, man, uh so you know you you you you you you know well what's happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were were were were were were we? You um like uh like like know, are we in the ether as a a a a a a they were up there on the I mean uh okay okay like cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud cloud as inquiry for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very very very very very very okay so you know so um nice. Actually. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy fluffy fluffy fluffy fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it it it it it it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, if you.
Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We um um um um um um okay um okay okay need to actually move on and get better. And how do do do do do do we do that? We um we um we um we um we um we um um um um um um I mean uh well um do that by finding the meaning of what what what what what what happened. I really believe that you can only you know I mean well well well well well well um uh win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then then then then then then that means you so um uh so so can learn something from the the the the the the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide hide hide hide hide hide in plain sight so I mean you know well like. This is no no no no no no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous Michigan Dogman like okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear hear hear hear hear hear more urban legends check out our so like uh uh like haunted places feed feed feed feed feed feed on Spotify there. You'll find you'll find you'll find you'll find you'll find you'll find new Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify only episodes of urban um so okay so okay legends every Tuesday in the meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the graphic nature uh I mean like well well well well well well I mean of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions descriptions descriptions descriptions descriptions descriptions of animal so so okay well like cruelty genocide and death. We advise advise advise advise advise advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children children children children children children under 13. You don't okay so I mean okay you know believe in werewolves. Not really really really really really really sure. We all we all we all we all we all we all enjoy little little little little little little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior gimple senior gimple senior gimple senior gimple gimple gimple gimple gimple gimple senior gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this so well okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a a a a a a half in the markets you know you know okay well well. We reached out out out out out out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as I mean I mean well well well well well well well uh well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought I I I I I I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought um I mean well um you you you you you you know it would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills bills bills bills bills bills like um um you know so aux-in. To discuss what he saw over the the the the the the last week and a half like um well so uh thoughts on the FED FED FED FED FED FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking like like like like like like so okay so uh to do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this. Thank you very much okay you know I mean um you know and and and and and and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the uh um so so so so so so okay like S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to to to to to to so uh uh well you know be about irony and Dot feels and and and and and and all that dot gaming and fucking dot like like you know so you know moments account account account account account account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will it will it will it will will will will will will it will it will not sure I mean um you know uh so about blur if if if if if if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay like uh I mean you know know know know know know well. Fuck I'm pissed off my fucking we record this from songs on the first first first first first first you know I mean so like you know time. It was only to the second second second second second second point. So it was 14 minutes and I mean um like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean I like to do before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't do you know um you know like well that. I could just start start start start start start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome I mean well well so like to to to to to to I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down down the I mean um like like well top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're We're We're We're We're We're traveling back to 1995 when so you know uh I mean I mean players on the the the the the the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay off gambling uh I mean so so so so so so uh okay debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports sports sports sports sports sports events from history like um uh uh well tune in right here every day day day day day day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify um well you know um you you you you you you know. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st march 1st march 1st march march march march march march 1st march 1st march 1st 1995 as the final buzzer sounded the crowd well well well well well well well I mean well okay at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 uh so I mean like I mean 264. None None None None None None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your your your your your your host. Dr. Maggie well you know well well okay Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with with with with with with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the you know uh you know I I I I I I mean uh founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love love love love love love helping people overcome okay so like uh well anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, stress, stress, stress, stress, stress, please join us each week as we like like well well well share real sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD well um well well well well well well like um mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds like and feels okay I mean so you know well like will follow our our our our our our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find that okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful life with like uh you know um okay a reputed approach a strength base base base base base base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients I mean you know uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model model model model model model like so okay well I mean for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Boy, 2010, boy, 2010, boy, 2010, boy, 2010, boy, 2010, boy, 2010, you know know know know know know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth okay you know know know know know know well you know well for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be be be be be be here, you know where to take so so um I mean well month unless you just just just just just just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary uh like um um okay okay okay okay okay okay. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to my my my my my my boy um I mean um well okay yesterday for me. I don't believe in that that that that that that resolution thing from a wise so so okay well like doctor. Why do you say say say say say say that though, honestly, so you can out cause uh well so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay for me yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm. So why do you know you know uh so you know you you you you you you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this this this this this this is the like like you know uh um app that I actually use to make make make make make make and distribute bitch work is how I first uh okay uh you know um got started started started started started started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well so well app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially a creation tool that allows well I mean I mean well you know you to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will well well well well well well you know like I mean uh distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy easy easy easy easy easy so it can be heard on Spotify uh uh so well I I I I I I mean Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it like like like like like like like well um like to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading uploading uploading uploading uploading uploading my first episode uh you know uh well I mean you can make make make make make make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and I mean you know know know know know know like I mean I mean it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine wine wine wine wine wine place. If you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you guys you know uh you know I mean I mean want to get started making making making making making making a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free um you know know know know know know like you know um anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get get get started. Hey guys well okay um like so. I am so excited to bring bring bring bring bring bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am I am I I I I I I am I am I am I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on you know know know know know know um like like like Vale. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day day day day day day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song so you know I mean okay so as as as as as as the best song on the planet. Can you can you can you can you can can can can can can you can you beat it? And all it well so you know so well well well well well well did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me well well well well well well uh um well uh of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Love Love Love Love Love Today. I you I you I you I you I you I you know know know know know know well I mean so well mean, first of all when you come up with a a a a a a song lyric like that, you've so okay well I mean so got to go go go go go go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today like I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay okay and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and and and and and and listening so uh okay I mean you know to it the message on it it it it it it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We uh um I I I I I I mean so well need to give the love back to ourselves to for loved loved loved loved loved loved it. It's that okay okay so I mean you know cycle and I I I I I I wanted to get you to consider that you can apply you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean this to lots of things in your life and fundamentally you you you you you you are in need of you um I mean um um I mean today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to the paper Outpost okay well okay well um the joy of of of of of of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing mind-blowing mind-blowing mind-blowing mind-blowing mind-blowing event because uh so you know so like we don't teach this in school school school school school school to people but this is really one well so like so so of those life life life life life life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off if so you know know know know know know you know well like they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly. My so um uh you know so parrot is talking to me right now saying saying saying saying saying saying right Mom absolutely keep making okay uh like you know um those books. We We We We We We need more books in the world. All our books are you know well you know know know know know know I mean um disappearing and it's all going digital and we just don't have have have have have have much of a record anymore like well okay so you know with everything disappearing everything from from from from from from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a I I I I I I mean like well uh like podcast. Let me explain it's free. So if you want want want want want want to start a podcast, you know okay um so um but not sure if it's it's it's it's it's it's going to be something you want to keep up with I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like. There's no money to put into it. So you're so you're so so so so so so you're so you're so you're so you're just doing it and so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean well like if it works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but but but but but but there was well so so uh um no money out of your your your your your your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to uh so so like like like like like like um want to go with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well well and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will will will will will will distribute okay uh uh so you know your podcast for you. So it can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many okay so um um so more more more more more more and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I you you you you you you know I mean okay okay so have not found that any other podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make like like well okay okay okay okay okay okay uh a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this and this and this and and and and and and this and this and this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked to um well I I I I I I mean um like an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was was was was was was important when they were well you know um uh um young Our Guest today today today today today today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted I wanted I wanted I I I I I I wanted I wanted I wanted to okay like I mean um you know know know know know know host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the show. Thanks so so so so so so so okay like okay for watching. I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with a compliment I mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay like um their jazz singer and way more exciting than I I I I I I am in real life um so okay you know so. Well, I'm super excited but you're you're you're you're you're you're not talked about yet because it was super important to so um well you know know know know know know like me as well introduce this person. So yes, so yes, so yes, so yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, so yes, so yes, I'm going to talk about Jeff okay well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh like Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited you know um um um um um um okay so um about talking to you about money. But not just money wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth means wisdom expansion um so uh you know so assets. Love Theology and health health health health health health because I believe that wealth is not just about how um okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh like much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony Harmony Harmony Harmony Harmony Harmony in like okay well okay well your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships and all that good well like uh um well stuff. I get so many many many many many many questions from people as I travel the world you know okay uh um you know know know know know know helping. Some VIP. So this so this so this so this so this this this this this this so this is our time for us to be together and for me to to to to to to like I mean like so like answer your questions. So here we go go go go go go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed um okay like um um relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship for 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than than than than than than like uh you know um you know I am but it's a little frustrating when when when when when when I see others getting married and starting um uh okay you know so their their their their their their families. I promise I promise I promise I promise I promise I promise I am am am am am am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor five five five five five five like so like so like of the absolute hottest on fire cards right right right right right right now. My name is Jeff uh like like uh so Wilson by day. I I I I I I invest I invest I invest I invest I invest I invest in tech companies and and and and and and at night I invest in sports I mean you know um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean car. Please. Join me join me join me join me join me join me on on on on on on my journey to profit from the hobby we all well so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five five five five five five Tuesday like um well you know I mean. And wow. Do I have some cards cards cards cards cards cards to tell you about today? The sports card like like like well um Market Market Market Market Market Market is on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing um um um um um um um uh so uh things. I can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
What's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going on guys? Welcome back to to to to to to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name is okay well you know so um Gavin here here here here here here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful like I I I I I I mean well so well guest on the episode today to talk all things Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando city you know I mean like you know well. And of course all things things things things things things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have well well I I I I I I mean okay uh Adam. How you doing today? Adam? I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough like like like like like like okay okay well like game yesterday. I should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 0-0 0-0 0-0 0-0 0-0 draw a like um well I mean so lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my my my my my my podcast, okay okay uh um um I've been searching for so long. What kind kind kind kind kind kind what kind what kind what kind what kind what kind of host how to do do do do do do well so uh I mean you know it in general when I was trying to to to to to to browse. It was so complicated so um you know uh I mean you know much so so so so so so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, um I I I I I I mean um okay like you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started Started Started Started Started Started podcasting few um well like I mean you know days ago and and and and and and you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well uh I mean so well yourself, why don't you try it, you you you you you you know as for me I can always uh so um so like say wow wow wow wow wow wow amazing. Try it try it try it try it try it try it and see for for for for for for yourself. Hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get get get get get get a release uh well so um well for me, it's all about the music and I I I I I I forget Les Mills. I forget the well you know like uh uh choreography and I I I I I I don't even think about it being a workout. I just I just I just I I I I I I just I just I just listened to I mean so like uh okay the songs songs songs songs songs songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when when when when when when uh so okay I mean like I'm training gym, I just try and listen listen listen listen listen listen to the music as many you know you know so I mean like times times times times times times as possible, but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all you know know know know know know okay well like I mean the work out. It's just filled music and what what what what what what happens Instruments will pop up or okay you know uh uh like lyrics or or or or or or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean well so what that's going to be or when it will be but but but but but but it just happens after so okay okay you know you know you listen to to to to to to it for a while and then when you actually then like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well go right let's plug in and learn the choreography when those those those those those those two things come together and um uh I mean you know so you teach teach teach teach teach teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your son well okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh uh or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues I I I I I I mean um like I mean well related to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can can can can can can restore Health to our soil our environment well you know uh okay like our bodies and and and and and and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's like um um um um um um I mean well uh in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the the the the the the farm crisis of you know I mean uh okay I mean the 1980s how how how how how how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what uh like okay well well well well well well you know its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that that that that that that topic you know you know I mean um I mean than Joe Maxwell Maxwell Maxwell Maxwell Maxwell Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been a okay okay you you you you you you know uh like farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri House of you know I mean uh uh like Representatives and the Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, so I wanted to to to to to to take a second to just tell you a little I mean so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know bit about anchor it's the app that I use to to to to to to record my podcasts uh uh um like so. I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There There There There There There. Are these really awesome creation tools that well uh um uh you know allow you to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your well um you know like like like like like like okay computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify um okay so um I mean Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to to to to to to make money from uh so well so well your podcast. You don't need to to to to to to have a minimum listenership. And it's just um I mean I mean well I I I I I I mean really everything that you need to make a podcast in one place. So I I I I I I so uh I mean like well find it really useful and accessible and and and and and and really helpful. You can download the free like so um so like anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm uh you know know know know know know I mean you know I mean telling you it's just like the easiest way way way way way way to get your feet wet and jump into well well I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean creating your own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll uh you'll uh you'll uh you'll uh you'll uh you'll uh okay um um um um um um you know you know be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Rick Rick Rick Rick Rick Hughes. Good morning uh well I mean um uh and welcome to the Flightline Flightline Flightline Flightline Flightline Flightline. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Rick Hughes Hughes Hughes Hughes Hughes Hughes and for the next few minutes. You um you um you um you um um um um um um you um you um um um I mean well have a cordial invitation to stick stick stick stick stick stick around 30 minutes of motivation some inspiration some so you know you know okay like education without without without without without without any type of manipulation. Just some just some just some just some just some some some some some some just some teaching from the word of um uh so like so God that will will will will will will help you verify and identify the plan of God for your so well you you you you you you know okay you know life if you'd like to know that and if you you you you you you want to orient and just to okay well uh like so the plan then you you you you you you can do so you have freedom and privacy to do so okay okay so so so so so so um that. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let like well so I mean okay me explain it's free. There's a creation tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record okay okay uh um well and edit your podcast right right right right right right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast so I mean well so so so so so so so for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so like okay more you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no minimum. Listen ship is I mean uh well uh well everything you need to make podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in one place download the free ankle up you know well um well I I I I I I mean or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson This so okay um like okay Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you you you you you you about money, but not okay okay well uh you know just money wealth means means means means means means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I so uh like okay you know know know know know know believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account account account account account account. It's um well uh well um about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional professional professional professional professional professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name is okay um um um um um um uh um you know Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and and and and and and moanin and we hear um so um um uh talk about something that is kind of of of of of of alien to me. I am not very uh well like uh um I'm very informed informed informed informed informed informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell like like like like like like uh uh uh okay me something. Have you have you have you have you have you you you you you you have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when when when when when when we grew up you know um like uh I mean so we should should should should should should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it you know uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh like rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment moment moment moment moment moment. Yes, uh uh you know I mean so I have so everyone has actually watched watched watched watched watched watched anime when they were kids. They just don't realize it um I mean I mean um um um um um um like. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's like like like like like like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all they're all they're all they're they're they're they're they're they're all they're all they're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to modern day disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from uh well uh um um um um um um so modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at at at at at at I mean uh uh okay I mean st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California California California California California California in my name is so like uh I mean like Ana Fuentes. I'm the youth youth youth youth youth youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh um. Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have have have have have have a super I mean uh well you know uh special episode for you today. It's It's It's It's It's It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe I mean um um um um um um um I mean uh a week. Yeah. I'm due I'm due I'm due I'm due I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm due I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for oh for for for for for for oh for oh for oh for oh for sure like okay uh like I I I I I I mean for sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a a a a a a I mean okay well okay so special Lenten edition of the MDD podcast this week week week week week week guys, we do so well okay you know well so we unfortunately don't have a a a a a a guest this week, but we're going to talk uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean all things lent. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going to do some things that are a little so um well so so so so so so so different from what we usually do on a podcast and it switch it up up up up up up like okay um um uh a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode episode episode episode episode episode of you're really fine and uh like you know you know like we hope hope hope hope hope hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the science science science science science science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles and I mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know um you know ground them in modern science. My name my name name name name name name my name my name my name my name is Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin well I mean um uh I mean Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual side of successful with easy to understand so well I mean I mean like like like like like like scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical um like um um um um um um I mean well transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode episode episode episode episode episode and so well like um well also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so so so so so so our special guest today is uh so you know like um Julie householder who is is is is is is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she I mean okay you you you you you you know I mean you know also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going going going going going going to be a fun episode you know um um I mean uh. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic uh okay okay okay okay okay okay like like so of forgiveness. Do you want to start it off cab sure sure sure sure sure sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do I I I I I I mean I mean so well like well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're uh well um well well live. How's everybody going after reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong so well well um like. Awesome dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs dogs. Just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible it's incredible it's incredible it's incredible it's incredible it's incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible and they need to okay so I mean uh you know start training your dog. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin chef Kelvin chef Kelvin chef Kelvin chef chef chef chef chef chef Kelvin chef Kelvin is Holly canine like I mean um you know like training in this this this this this this is the what would you have to show when you do a one-hour like okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean I mean show today? It's because I'm still sick and trust trust trust trust trust trust me. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping out you know so uh so uh onions, and I've Invest lean on my feet feet feet feet feet feet with socks and I've been things working okay I mean okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean and nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby baby baby baby baby baby. Oh my I mean uh well like I mean God having a baby. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by by by by by by estheticians for um okay so well uh estheticians. And those who seek to learn learn learn learn learn learn about their own skin from a professionals um like I mean you know you you you you you you know perspective. We're diving we're diving we're diving we're diving we're diving we're diving diving diving diving diving diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the treatment room so well okay well like. Hi everybody, welcome back to the the the the the the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess and you know I mean you you you you you you know like um I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few few few few few few questions. We would you know like well I mean so love to answer for you you you you you you guys so we can ensure we're answering the questions that well so um um you you you you you you know are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles um um so okay you know. So today we are going to be having having having having having having a very special guest on which is okay so you know um so Mama Wendy's Wendy's Wendy's Wendy's Wendy's Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my uh you know know know know know know I mean like uh daughter Carly will be on later on talking to to to to to to us today because we have so um you know you know I mean stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled. On this on this on this on this on this on this article that that that that that that I received through a Facebook message and this article I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like was on America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I've heard I've heard I've heard I've I've I've I've I've I've heard I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful um okay so I mean well I I I I I I have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What I mean um I mean uh um um um um um um makes you podcast? This episode were mainly going to talk talk talk talk talk talk about no judgment the okay uh so uh um song and the video as as as as as as well as the falling music video which came out today like well okay so um um um um um um as we're recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're We're We're We're We're We're just gonna you know I mean like well you know talk about nylon Harry because because because because because because that's our favorite thing to do and we have I mean so well uh uh uh uh uh uh so a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live live live live live live in a music well okay um so so Society. This podcast is a project project project project project project of Mind in which I interview musicians that I um you know uh you you you you you you know um think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about about about about about about all the really well like you know okay um cool things. They're doing with with with with with with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking about the lived experiences well uh well well well well well well like um in our lives that lead us to create and listen to the music that that that that that that we okay like you know um uh do welcome back to we live live live live live live in a music Society. I am I am I am I am I I I I I I am I am so so I mean um okay I mean so excited for this this this this this this episode. So I'm going to get to call one of my I mean like like like like like like like like I mean favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with with with with with with you know so uh well you know only the freshest milk and cream. It's It's It's It's It's It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your so uh okay I mean uh morning morning morning morning morning morning Bagel. Now where now where now where now where now where now where you get that that that that that that big ol should be the only subject for well uh I mean you know know know know know know so debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since since since since since since you know you know you know so you know 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris um like well um um um um um um well Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has the the the the the the you know um so like I mean floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the the the the the the week is Thursday. Mmm. The so the so the so the so the the the the the the so the so okay um you know you know three-day weekend is an inferior inferior inferior inferior inferior inferior option to just having a random holiday in the okay uh so well like like like like like like middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted all all all all all all of our um well like well uh holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for checking checking checking checking checking checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I okay uh like like like like like like so like have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought thought thought thought thought thought about starting your you know so I mean like um very own podcast? What now? You You You You You You can with this really cool app called anchor uh like okay okay well FM FM FM FM FM FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a there's a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a creation okay you know well well so so so so so so tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone or um uh like okay like your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for for for for for for you. So it can like you know so I mean so be heard on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money uh like like like like like like like like like from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need need need need need need you need you need you need you need you need in a podcast um um um um um um um like uh you know in one place. So make sure you guys check check check check check check it out because anchor um uh you know I mean um FM is what type in in in in in in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um with your girl lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social social social social social social media to so so okay uh well stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey you hey you hey you hey you hey you hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
It looks it looks it looks it looks it looks it looks like there's going going going going going going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus so uh well you you you you you you know um series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter by at BR Marvel um um you know so you know news showing Sofia demartino dressed dressed dressed dressed dressed dressed in a black suit with the green and gold uh like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that that that that that that was circulating not uh uh I mean like okay long ago, but was never actually actually actually actually actually actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what we'll be uh uh uh um like getting getting getting getting getting getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a I mean like um um um um um um um well kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci loci loci loci loci loci I mean well you know so um or straight out of the comics. In fact, he's he's he's he's he's he's changed his form quite a like you know you know I mean so few times times times times times times after being brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting uh you you you you you you know okay okay so at least two versions so will be fun to see see see see see see what else we you know um you know like um might see in the the the the the the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us well uh well well well well well well like um know what you'd like to see in the comments and be be be be be be sure to hit like like you know okay uh that like button and and and and and and subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth like um so well I mean conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn talk and well like um you know so if you'd like to keep up up up up up up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
Get your get your get your get your get your get your toothbrush ready because it's it's it's it's it's it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start uh well okay you know uh brushing on on on on on on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush around I mean so so so so so so I mean well okay each to the ring. It's heroines it's heroines it's heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week where every day we talk about heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic women who okay I mean uh I mean uh changed history tonight. We have the the the the the the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa um you know like you know well well well well well well was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom and and and and and and an African like okay I mean okay so country that today is called Ghana Ghana Ghana Ghana Ghana Ghana. The Ashanti the Ashanti the Ashanti the Ashanti the Ashanti the Ashanti people had many many many many many many riches but there like you know so um I mean was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on on on on on on and um I mean like like well show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's it's it's it's it's it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up okay uh you know so well. Its Eli Eli Eli Eli Eli Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're um um like like like like like like uh like trying to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea idea idea idea idea idea one night and like well so well so decided that fuck it. We'll give it it it it it it a shot and now here we are. So yeah, it's uh okay like uh well well well well well well just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we figured you you you you you you know okay so so uh why not let our viewers and people outside of our group group group group group group you're our thoughts so I mean well um like and certain Interest on topics throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout this community huge shout out to all I mean I mean uh like like like like like like I mean the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous famous famous famous famous famous. Right? Well, uh like well so like I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's there's there's there's there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a a a a a a um um well well you know series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale well well well you know like for anyone traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want you you you you you you know like so I mean I mean to listen to more True Crime events from history history history history history history. Check out our Series today like I mean um so um and True Crime. You You You You You You can find new episodes every day follow today in True I mean well okay well well well well well well so Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th well well well well well well okay so well okay 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen Allen Allen Allen Allen Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa um well uh um uh. California California California California California California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back okay okay okay okay okay okay um well uh you know baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two two two two two two minutes. We've been going to okay uh like well like be a Christmas break break break break break break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get so okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean you know one back after Christmas and then now it's it's it's it's it's it's very happy way and we have no so like um you know uh excuses excuses excuses excuses excuses excuses. Just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just you know, know, know, know, know, know, he's busy he is busy and then we um um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean so came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna be completely you you you you you you know I mean like so well honest with you. We promote realism like we we we we we we weren't in the mood but we you know okay uh like so felt a void void void void void void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a lot of like well well well well well well you know you know um people have been saying to us like when you you you you you you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? what-what what-what what-what what-what what-what Absolutely, well okay so I mean I mean not today. We watch we watch watch watch watch watch watch we watch we watch we watch we watch season 2 episode 14 sudden sudden sudden sudden sudden sudden death, which is what we all so well I mean I mean like wanted by by by by by by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger uh well I I I I I I mean like well. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is well well well well well well um so I mean I mean going on? I need I need I need need need need need need I need I need I need a fam we're back for another day another another another another another another week some more uh uh you know so uh than 90 so welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season um like like I mean okay. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let like like like like like like you know well so um me just tell you really Sonu. I know I know know know know know know I know I know I know I know and I know there's some I love love love love love love uh so okay okay so okay so off the top as usual Betsy has has has has has has given Charles The Rundown, but so uh you know so well before we get get get get get get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I like so you you you you you you know so okay want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a okay you you you you you you know okay um uh daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore explore explore explore explore explore what it means to live well so uh well so with. Hope in Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we do not lose uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so you know well heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner inner inner inner inner inner our inner our inner our inner our inner our inner self is being being being being being being I mean I mean well well well renewed day by day for this light momentary momentary momentary momentary momentary momentary Affliction is preparing for us an eternal well okay so uh well weight of of of of of of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things that are uh like like like like like like okay you know so seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things things things things things things that are seen are um well you know I mean like transient, but the things that are are are are are are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is paul is paul is paul is paul is paul is describing how we keep from.
Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor if if if if if if uh you know I mean okay um you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast first off so okay you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean. It's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free doesn't cost cost cost cost cost cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you money. There's creation okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know you know um tools that allow you to record and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean okay so so um um um um um um your computer. In fact in fact in fact in fact in fact in in in in in in fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been completely made on well well well well well well well so well so. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can can can be heard on so you know okay I mean um Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else else else else else else where you would download a podcast. This okay I mean uh so um one's one's one's one's one's one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make money from I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay so so your podcast anger will sell the ads for for for for for for you you record the ones that um okay like okay well you want and they they they they they they go on your podcast. It's everything that you need to uh uh like you know know know know know know okay make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted to to to to to to start a well so so well uh podcast, but never known where to start start start start start start now, you do download the free anchor well uh you know uh like app app app app app app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
We have we have we have we have we have we have to go go go go go go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for giving um like like like like like like like well so us a platform to be able to chase our dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, this is you you you you you you know well I mean you know okay free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that that that that that that but their creation tools that allow you to so like well so you know record and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute you know know know know know know well um uh uh your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and I mean okay well uh like many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor acres are really cool tool and we're extremely happy well so uh I mean um to be be be be be be partnered with them and using them to help make our podcast and you know, know, know, know, know, know, it's okay uh so I mean I mean also an easy way for you to make make make make make make money from the podcast with no like you know I mean so well minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make a podcast all in in in in in in well okay I mean um okay one place. So if so if so so so so so so if so if so if so if you're interested in doing something like this, you know, know, know, know, know, know, you know um you know well I mean go download the free anchor app or or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to you know um I mean like uh Started Started Started Started Started Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things you know know know know know know um okay well so LA Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right right right right right right here. So yeah, so I mean um okay well uh what up? What up? up up up up up And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys you know so like um well. I I I I I I like them. Anyway, when anyway, when anyway, when anyway, when anyway, when anyway, when we we we we we we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on you you you you you you know I mean um well well top and Blake all good. So today so today today today today today today so today so today so today so today we are recording the first first first first first first episode of the you know well well uh I mean podcast that we've been talking talking talking talking talking talking about recording for at least two or three months. He so I mean so so so so so so um I mean has smelt a long story short may not going to be be be be be be in touch for uh so so well I mean a while and I made not not not not not not for sample cups of coffee on the um so um okay like lisburn road road road road road road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help um uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well uh a few older. So this is all very much part part part part part part in those thoughts into action well I mean um I mean well. And if we we we we we we can help at least one other person as a byproduct I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know of our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this this this this this this is a very valuable form you know like uh okay okay to do. So, so so so so so so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce you know okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean like ourselves so you can get to know us that more about about about about about about who you actually okay I mean okay so so listened to and and and and and and then down the line move very much want to delve okay okay okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh into some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well like um personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from from from from from from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower wildflower wildflower wildflower wildflower wildflower you know like okay so like here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness Wellness Wellness Wellness Wellness Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons and stories in okay okay okay um so the most most most most most most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab your favorite uh so so so so so so so you know well coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for for for for for for this week's well I mean I mean I mean you know episode. Us Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of her amazing you know know know know know know well I mean like well Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of of of of of of our family. Now, you're part okay so uh um so of our family. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family, okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know you know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi KC is Lady Danielle well you know so like okay here? I just wanted to say say say say say say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show show show show show show notes I mean well you know you know well. Hello. I have two two two two two two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to but um so so so so so so uh uh I mean I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing better than to know an okay like like you know so answer that you you you you you you like. So beat the drum of it just to I mean um I I I I I I mean I mean okay hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do Do Do Do Do Do you ever so I mean so well like hear me every time? Now Now Now Now Now Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question I mean like like like like like like um uh okay was sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen listen listen listen listen listen okay so well okay uh to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in in in in in in one place for free without a premium uh I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean like account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean you know well you can follow your favorite podcast. So So So So So So you never miss an episode premium users can okay you know um like well download episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening well I I I I I I mean um so I mean to with your friends on Instagram, so if you you you you you you haven't done so already like uh uh like uh Ready, be sure to download the the the the the the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or so okay you know know know know know know you know so browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to to to to to to follow me. So you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so you never miss okay I mean like I mean well an episode of Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal Health daily you know like like like like like like so I mean like episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the the the the the the show. Welcome back to so you know like I mean okay another special Friday edition of of of of of of Optimal Health daily where I answer your questions on well uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh you know the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, um um um um um um uh um well uh I have a coach coaches need coaches and I was was was was was was talking to my uh I mean like I mean I mean coach because I I I I I I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how I mean um um um um um um I mean uh uh hard it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed myself to fall into this I mean uh like okay um pattern of just beating beating beating beating beating beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I know better than well okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well uh to do but I just kind of got caught in a a a a a a loop and okay like you know okay uh it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my my my my my my coach said something to me so very you know like like you know I I I I I I mean profound and the shift that it has created since then has been so powerful powerful powerful powerful powerful powerful that I mean like uh um so he just knew that I had to to to to to to share it with you. So that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm like like like like like like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like so well like like Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and um like well well well well well well so uh brainstorming title ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um um you know back relax and enjoy too. As we as as as as as as we as we as we as we as we all take a little sip. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. We um uh I mean so um hope that you have some kind kind kind kind kind kind of beverage with you. You can sip along you know uh so well I I I I I I mean with yes up along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer answer answer answer answer answer. That's um you know okay so um what we're rocking as the beverage of of of of of of the night. It's our day off tonight like well well like um. We usually watch a a a a a a Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with uh uh um um um um um um okay like Langley Master Lego Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it was was was was was was we watching the you know I mean like so okay Super Bowl. It It It It It It was the Chief versus the And this one might have heard okay like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay um of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with you know I I I I I I mean uh okay I mean Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies Technologies Technologies Technologies Technologies Technologies. It's built to help I mean you know well uh so you outsmart some of of of of of of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're you they're you they're you they're you you you you you you they're you they're you know so uh okay you know smart and then there's there's there's there's there's there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so Monday, March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives derivatives derivatives derivatives derivatives derivatives Trader I mean I mean like well I mean. Nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding defrauding defrauding defrauding defrauding defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore okay like uh I I I I I I mean uh exchange. He would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um so okay caused the collapse of one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you you you you you you have to um uh you know I mean um study right now lucky for for for for for for you. Dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley is here here here here here here to help on so so you know you know um Bradley's micro Board review in in in in in in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to two I mean um um um um um um um like you know board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We We We We We We will cover all the important facts I mean well so so uh for an infectious infectious infectious infectious infectious infectious agent and at least one original board style question for the like I mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay well ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay you know I mean need to do this. Hello and hello and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your your your your your your hearts um you know uh I mean I mean Monica Gates a period and icf's icf's icf's icf's icf's icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope women to harness okay I mean so so so so so so so you know the power of their period and connected FM has blood in in in in in in this episode. We'll I mean you know uh um well be talking about all things things things things things things periods hormones confidence health food money sex business feminine well okay well like like flow flow flow flow flow flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our heads. You will I mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know okay uh walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink drink drink drink drink drink bombs as other the filter you know I mean okay um um about love talking talking talking talking talking talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook too so so uh you know um um um um um um afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to to to to to to well I mean um you know you know leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still still still still still still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg I mean okay well um well now, but but but but but but basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy you you you you you you know like okay um you know with like subletting and whatever and I was I I I I I I was renting a uh like I mean you know okay friend's apartment and then they they they they they they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do do do do do do stand-up I mean um you know uh I mean. Yeah. I had a first exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and I mean uh so so um um um um um um she just like got right and did not try to get to know me at at at at at at like so uh um so all was like, what would you say is is is is is is your main issue? And I was like, okay well okay uh like let's let's let's let's let's let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's do do do do do do um you know okay uh uh this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly truly truly truly truly truly. Yes got right down to like well I mean like okay business and I I I I I I was like, I don't know. I guess I guess I guess I guess I I I I I I guess I guess I feel like I always uh you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean well need to be in control and she's like, is that what you do comedy? comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy And um you know so uh like I was like, I don't don't don't don't don't don't like I guess so, I don't know and she's you know um I mean so so so so so so okay like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
Hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this is Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk let's let's let's let's let's let's talk let's talk and learn about so you know like well you know know know know know know God's word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will we will will will will will will we will we will we will we will reflect more deeply I mean okay so so so so so so uh I mean on things that matter most this way. We can we can we we we we we we can we can we can we can experience a life full of meaning uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh okay so and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, couple couple couple couple couple couple things before we go into this podcast. I really I really I really I I I I I I really I really I really actually want okay uh I mean like well you to to to to to to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So So So So So So well so well so well so well so well so well like you know know know know know know uh okay please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um I mean I mean podcast with the W in there as well well well well well well so I can see your feedback like okay uh I mean um on weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you know uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know so you like listening to the Vlog and if you're you're you're you're you're you're not watching the Vlog, um you know you know well well it's youtube.com slash slash slash slash slash slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee um uh like okay I I I I I I mean audio experience everybody really excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn. Let's like I mean so uh I mean put in your phone numbers. We're going to to to to to to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in well um um well um your phone phone phone phone phone phone number and your question and then teams going to pick which ones okay I I I I I I mean you know um okay but I have the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond Daymond Daymond Daymond Daymond Daymond John in the buildings you know you know um like like and I I I I I I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? right right right right right I so I so I so I so I so I so okay okay okay okay okay okay um like okay think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if if if if if if I'm so um okay okay like not using it, but what's happening today why I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm talking to you today is so okay like okay uh because it's warm out. I I I I I I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm uh like like like like like like like you know you know when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all all all all all all my stuff with me so like you know so um as most New Yorkers do do do do do do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash like uh uh I mean you you you you you you know. Too warm too warm too warm too warm too warm too warm warm warm warm warm warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got okay uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh you know killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for for for for for for being polite. So I you know like I mean uh um was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money money money money money money comes okay okay you know um okay into the bank, that's that's different compared to to to to to to my regular normal standard than I you know um so like so feel like like like like like like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's I mean um so so so so so so um you know let's just say like I was making $5,000 a month or or or or or or fifty thousand dollars a month okay like um okay um or 500 like in my mind mind mind mind mind mind unless we have a month where I'm like okay so you know uh like like like like like like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know so so so so so so well like like so why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do do do do do do I feel that way? um um uh well you know Why because you're comparing yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of like well okay so uh our our our our our our means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna so so so so so so well uh well you know Liz love and I am a success expert transformation strategist strategist strategist strategist strategist strategist business mentor and the owner well so you know like well of a million dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar online Empire. I am I am I am I am I am I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and and and and and and this is gonna well um like so okay be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll see how it goes. It's been it's been it's been it's been it's been been been been been been it's been a long time you know well well um well coming. We've been we've been been been been been been we've been we've been we've been we've been saying we're going to do it for a a a a a a while now, but now um you know uh like I mean we're starting so so so so so so Gary if you want to say the thing the thing is um so so so so so so so okay okay is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get let's get get get get get get let's get let's get let's get let's get into so I mean like like uh this this this this this this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks of of of of of of it okay I mean I mean well um all it's going to be a a a a a a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying yeah, trying yeah, trying yeah, trying trying trying trying trying trying yeah, trying yeah, trying to figure so okay well okay uh it out. It's kind it's it's it's it's it's it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind of kind of nervous. But you you you you you you know, we'll get a gun so you know okay uh so. Sorry now sorry now sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the the the the the the moment, you know, move well so okay um well it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
Tina I tina I tina I tina I tina I tina I mean like like like like like like I had a very diverse group but I would always date well like uh so so so so so so you know white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you you you you you you saw this all of well okay uh um so this and I gave all of my family family family family family family a sigh of relief. What's up uh you know like uh uh RG Jazz. What's What's What's What's What's What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I well I I I I I I well I well I well I well I well so like uh like am am am am am am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up super like like like like like like like well so um early got a lot of work done one for a walk walk walk walk walk walk worked out did I mean so okay like you know some fun stuff and and and and and and now we're filming the podcast. I woke I woke I woke I woke I woke I I I I I I woke up late. I like what um so um well you know am I 9:30? Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I like um like like like like like like I mean like just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally generally generally generally generally generally feel good though. That's good. I just I just I just I just I just I just might look tired but on the inside.
Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to the anti-socialist anti-socialist anti-socialist anti-socialist anti-socialist anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by well you know like so so so so so so so with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh oh oh oh oh oh for you know like okay um so sure. You know how we were were were were were were talking. Am I meeting right now? so um uh I mean I mean I I I I I I just got home from the gym. So I so I so I so I so I I I I I I so I apologize for any background noises uh you know you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay munching on some food. So I had to clear my throat kind I mean you you you you you you know I mean well okay of getting over sickness at the Miller. But yeah, okay okay okay okay okay okay. So I was thinking today's I mean so um you know um topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
So people so people so people so people so people so people are always always always always always always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how in okay you know well well well well well well uh okay the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack crack crack crack crack crack up well well you know well so because I am not tech savvy savvy savvy savvy savvy savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I highly like so you know well well well well well well um recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on on on on on on well like I mean I mean like how to create your very own podcast. The The The The The The audio is exceptional. There are free editing's so so uh like like tools and the best best best best best best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for you like so you know well well well well well well uh and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free free free free free free anchor app or uh um well you know uh go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started that anchor ANC hor dot f well so so so so so so uh like uh m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to to to to to to another episode of the so uh well I mean um good sign with me me me me me me your host honest him in Tove. Thank you so much for tuning like I I I I I I mean um so I mean in to this week's episode. I am I am am am am am am I am I am I am I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello guys, welcome to the first first first first first first episode of the haven't we thought of a um okay you know um so name name name name name name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last uh like like like like like like you know well so name kind of lame. But but then I was told that that that that that that people may think that well um well uh I mean breakfast at Perkins Perkins Perkins Perkins Perkins Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual so so okay okay okay okay okay okay well like restaurant program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't don't don't don't don't don't know. Anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how I I I I I I mean um I mean like I mean we doing? How's everyone doing? I figured I I I I I I would start a podcast. Maybe okay I mean okay I mean so to help kind kind kind kind kind kind of supplement my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms so so uh um um um um um um like whether it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have what have what have what have have have have have have what have what have you first let me apologize um well like like okay. I I I I I I just ate Indian food and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay um so thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape tape tape tape tape tape um you know uh so you know here in honeycomb Manila, which is is is is is is the home of our company, but also is I mean like uh like well also also also also also also a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have have have have have have I mean I mean I mean well like a number of people who record here here here here here here as well. Now if you are enjoying the I mean so so so so so so so um uh content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's let's let's let's let's let's okay like um um you know coffee, which is about coffee and the industry industry industry industry industry industry. Please do like this like this I mean you know um um uh video click the Thumbs Up Up Up Up Up Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot like well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean um. If you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please please please please please please also I mean you know like I mean uh do leave a comment if you can can can can can can we would love to hear from well okay you know uh like you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? you you you you you you know like so uh um If so, we're excited to share our free free free free free free Guide to the 11 essential business okay well well uh like tools that successful entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know / create to access your free guide and turn your your your your your your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg um so uh okay um. Forward slash create. Begin right right right right right right here. Yes. What a treat. I want I want I want I want I I I I I I want I want to stop so you know I mean like I mean being so so so so so so nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled um so you know so okay treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to to to to to to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son so you know like uh I mean of of of of of of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast like like like like like like um okay uh okay of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over over over over over over he tried to swim so well you know like uh to shore, but he was was was was was was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted like like uh like like like like like like like two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate fate fate fate fate fate. These okay so I mean okay you know all have one thing in in in in in in common, they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now so I mean so so so so so so okay well we're working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly show show show show show show in addition to our you know you know so like so regular shows every other other other other other other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast from the so so like like um sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host host host host host host pain Rosales and thank you uh like like so so for joining me again on on on on on on an episode of Inside the Mind the show where okay well well well well well well well uh um we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger acts in the so uh okay okay so future today. I am joined by by by by by by or joy. Joined with rather a local band called recoil okay well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean um and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which instrument you you you you you you guys I mean okay um you know like play starting off with you? What What What What What What up? What up? My name? My name is um okay um you know I I I I I I mean toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG IG IG IG IG IG recall Punk's you know you know okay like like with an X with the the the the the the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy easy easy easy easy easy. You need you need you need you need you need you need uh okay you know know know know know know so um to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a good good good good good good I mean okay well you know like mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, so sitting here here here here here here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done watching um so like okay okay okay okay okay okay like the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it it it it it it was windy. It so it so it so it so it so it so you you you you you you know um you know um was super cold. We're going we're going we're going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going to get more into detail about that here here here here here here soon I mean so like so like. But first a beer Joseph what you you you you you you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson you know you know you know I mean I mean Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How How How How How How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How um how um how um how um um um um um um how um how um okay okay I mean so are you? Good good, Connor, what's what's what's what's what's what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for well so well okay um um um um um um having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I mean, I mean, I I I I I I mean, I mean, I mean, I'm really excited. This is the uh uh I I I I I I mean well I mean podcast. I originally wanted to do back in January. So So So So So So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle I mean uh um you know okay moment for the the the the the the three of us to finally be able to do this and on so well okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you you you you you you listening at like um okay okay okay home both Jackson and Connor here are are are are are are from Brockville and they'll both be playing well so you know so um um um um um um in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't don't don't don't don't don't uh I mean so I mean uh you just tell us a little little little little little little bit about growing up and playing like uh well I mean like for for for for for for the blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it like like like like like like okay well you know um back on my first podcast like me and Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so well well well well well well okay okay I mean um much for tuning in. You could have chosen another another another another another another podcast to listen to um um well uh uh you taking the time to listen listen listen listen listen listen to me. And so I am uh I mean you know so so grateful and I I I I I I do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh so so airing a year to the day after a really bad car accident that that that that that that okay okay uh well so left my car totaled. I was in a a a a a a hard place of selfishness and I mean well um well so self-reliance, but it really took that that that that that that moment to Humble me and for me to okay so like uh okay take a a a a a a few steps back and really realize what are the gifts that God has given uh uh uh uh uh uh like like okay okay me what has God given me to impact to to to to to to make an impact and I instantly I mean well like well okay began to to to to to to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten you know so so so so so so uh well okay and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you if you if you if if if if if if you if you if you haven't heard you know okay um um um about about about about about about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh uh okay free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and edit your podcast right so okay so you know okay from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could like okay you you you you you you know well you know be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you you can make money from your um I mean okay like I mean podcast with no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's everything you need to make a podcast all uh you know so so um in in in in in in one place. So download so download so download so download so download so download download download download download download the anchor app. For your for your for your for your for your for your your your your your your phone or go to like I mean well so I mean Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So uh so I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay tonight we're going to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction science-fiction science-fiction science-fiction science-fiction science-fiction cliche. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by by by by by by Jason I mean okay um uh okay concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David David David David David David you have before. I know that we fought uh um so I mean you you you you you you know the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a a a a a a you know um like like like king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, Listen, Listen, Listen, Listen, Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with you know I mean you know know know know know know you know I mean absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some some some some some some like Royal Dutch well like I mean well okay like diagnostic system. But But But But But But look at England right now how much better would our well you know know know know know know I mean uh well political discourse be if we would just elect the king king king king king king for every like a okay well like uh you know decade every 10 10 10 10 10 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like I mean you you you you you you know um uh well a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making making making making making making the decision, right? So well well well so I mean he's have a guy who's who's who's who's who's who's a guy or a gal whose job is to I mean okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay um go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks well well well well well well well well well well on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
We have we have we have we have we have we have to pay pay pay pay pay pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about so so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you if you you you you you you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about um like you know know know know know know um like anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's free like so so I mean like their creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your you know I mean so like like phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard like well um um um um um um so you know on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money money money money from your podcast. No uh like uh okay I mean minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the you you you you you you know um well uh well free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to to to to to to get started is beyond where you'll like I mean um I mean you know learn learn learn learn learn learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal deal deal deal deal deal what scans well you know like okay uh to watch out for and much much much much much much more here's your host and one of the foremost Automotive well um um so um um um um um um business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me let me let me me me me me me let me let me let me explain it's um uh so so well free free free free free free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast um okay okay okay okay okay okay um so okay right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for you. So you I mean uh okay I mean well can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many more you can make well so okay um so money from your your your your your your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so okay you know podcast in one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to to to to to to our very you know so I mean so uh first episode of our very first podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast it is called. Was it good for you? like okay well uh uh We're a comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that you well you know know know know know know so uh like just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can can can can can can check out their um okay like well okay new release. Y'all ain't no that is is is is is is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme our theme our theme our theme our theme theme theme theme theme theme our theme song is okay so uh so well called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered considered considered considered considered considered so uh I mean um well starting a podcast now is definitely the time time time time time time anchor is definitely the place I can't um um so um okay tell you how how how how how how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get it up and like like like like like like okay um you know well running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of of of of of of the button. I had my podcast like okay okay uh well out ready to to to to to to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms again. It was so so you you you you you you know like well so easy. I can do it from my phone from my computer computer computer computer computer computer. It doesn't you know I mean I mean well you know really matter matter matter matter matter matter. Whatever. Why I why I why I why I why I why I want to to to to to to do I can do it. It's free you know like you know I mean okay absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with so much um um um um um um you know like well I mean. They literally they literally they literally they literally literally literally literally literally literally they literally they literally do it. All I can't think of a better place to start start start start start start a podcast um I mean you know uh you know for a beginner beginner beginner beginner beginner beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So download the free app today um um um um um um um um um um or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started again download the app today well okay like so okay okay okay okay okay okay. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
Again playing the game yet. I and I and I and I and I and I I I I I I and welcome to the trailer or bit of so you know well so you know an an an an an an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought so uh you you you you you you know uh okay I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this this this this this this podcast is going to be you know uh I mean uh so about. Each week and and and and and and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up you know like like like like like like I mean um okay for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played played played played played played Super kosher about seven years and I've um well I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about the game you know know know know know know so like uh I mean The Players the trades the injuries and so I I I I I I thought why don't I give you my like so you know I mean so so so so so so thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to players who you know know know know know know so um okay I mean might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening you know uh um you know I mean to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to go to go to go to go to go to management management management management management management follow so so um I mean well him on Twitter at coach management. This This This This This This podcast is produced on anchor where you so I mean well I mean I I I I I I mean can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the the the the the the Dubuque area you know um okay um uh baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and and and and and and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery uh um well like uh size. Welcome to to to to to to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for for for for for for this uh like so well I mean thing to get launching. So hey, so hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, so hey, so hey, so hey, so hey, if we have not met, my name is is is is is is um so so so I mean Adam Ludlow CEO and head coach coach coach coach coach coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community um okay uh okay I I I I I I mean in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is honestly okay okay you know I mean uh something that's been on on on on on on my mind for a while and it's time for it to go well like you you you you you you know like so. So here so here so here so here so here so so so so so so here we go with episode. I want to talk a little bit about about about about about about why we're well um I mean so so doing this and what to expect and who it's it's it's it's it's it's for. So let's get right uh well well uh okay into it. The why why why why why why honestly it's because one of our values that we've always I mean uh like so so so so so so I mean had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old old old old old old is to always uh um you know you know you know be improving. So I I I I I I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other other other other other other Dreadful you know like well so I mean Curiosities a podcast about urban legends legends legends legends legends legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as well I mean uh you know know know know know know like you know. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and um I I I I I I mean well you know okay other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, my name is Sam and I mean okay okay I mean like I'm your your your your your your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow follow follow follow follow follow I mean like uh um you know it on Spotify. So you would would would would would would know when the next episode comes out, you uh um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record record record record record record like well like you know uh I mean I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of of of of of of well um I mean um okay Tales from the Crypt sat down with our our our our our our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about the like um well um so so so so so so perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish for for for for for for like uh um um uh Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this this this this this this week in American markets okay like uh like you know globally with the coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one okay I mean well you you you you you you know uh always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode episode episode episode episode episode is um you know you know like well brought to you by the cash cash cash cash cash cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually um okay so okay um had had had had had had a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay like so day yesterday. He was he was he was he was was was was was was he was he was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin well like like like like like like um uh uh. Remember you told me download that what was it the cash yet? yet yet yet yet yet That's what I uh well like um like said. It's the easiest way to to to to to to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed I mean you know I mean um um um um um um you know his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on on on on on on my cell phone so like you know you know okay showing them how to to to to to to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
What's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening Hearts Capers? This This This This This This is this is this is this is this is this is episode 29 29 29 29 29 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast where like um so okay so we talk to you you you you you you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping well um like so like like like like like like business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we we we we we we I mean uh well okay I mean are releasing an episode about marketing. We're We're We're We're We're We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers starting a an okay like you know know know know know know um like SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do to be be be be be be able okay well uh uh so to track and Target keywords to show up up up up up up as a Top of search like like so like uh engine results. So So So So So So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into creating okay um like so like like like like like like a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've I've I've I've I've I've been um uh you know I mean you know working on for the the the the the the past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how like um um um um um um you know um well two hearts keep was the next one in a series of of of of of of websites that I've created and you know I mean so uh um it's it is is is is is is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's your host Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys okay okay so well okay okay okay okay okay okay podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little little little little little little bit well uh uh so I mean about anchor our sponsor. So one moment moment moment moment moment moment. I have a script I okay well like okay you know will admit. So if you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make I mean um well like like like like like like uh a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow um I mean well um well you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will um okay um well I mean distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A so uh okay okay um podcast my my my my my my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no you you you you you you know well so so like minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make a podcast in one place. Anyways, like uh uh you know so let's get get get get get get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the I mean so so so so so so so okay well boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And And And And And And of course me. We're so okay I mean you know well all the hosts. Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean um so you know so good and how well for starters it's free free free free free free and their creation tools that let you I mean you know so well uh uh uh uh uh uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor distributes your um um um um um um you know I mean okay uh podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and and many many more. So if you're looking to so you know I mean you you you you you you know well start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of of of of of of speaking of speaking of speaking of speaking of speaking of podcasts you know like well well well well well well I mean so right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept slept slept slept slept slept until 9:00 today. Oh my uh uh you know like okay God. Oh my God God God God God God. I tried I tried I tried I tried I tried I tried all we can can can can can can to kind of maintain my uh you know I mean uh I mean West Coast time time time time time time. So I so I so I so I so I so I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like um like Colton Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this this this this this this is a podcast where you know so you know uh like we just talk talk talk talk talk talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant okay um uh um so so so so so so. What's on the deal today guys? So today so today so today so today so today so so so so so so today we first we just want to thank well you know uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten we've gotten we've gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten we've gotten we've gotten we've gotten up to around so uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean so 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
Is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani cassava partner organic organic organic organic organic organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi you know well you know I I I I I I mean like Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make make make make make make the honey so I mean you know okay um covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time like like like like like like you know um um um major Nicole today on the show. We're going going going going going going to be talking about well well well um so gross rental yields in Parnell. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, you now, you now, you now, you now, you now, you might be wondering why are are are are are are we talking uh so okay um okay about Parnell given that which is an affluent affluent affluent affluent affluent affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is well well um you know like like like like like like probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in like like like like like like you know you know okay okay. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up call-up call-up call-up call-up call-up from Westpac one of the like I mean uh you know uh large banks banks banks banks banks banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment on an article I mean um so so so so so so uh well that we're writing for our website where they were showing by the the the the the the latest core logic data I mean so I mean you know well that the the the the the the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is like um um um um um um you know so well 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross gross gross gross gross gross yield for that is I mean uh like I mean well 5.1% and they said it it it it it it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Becky Becky Becky Becky Becky Ward I mean uh um I mean so where we talk about doing your 20s 20s 20s 20s 20s 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you thank you thank you I mean I mean you know um I mean for joining us us us us us us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um uh uh. We are celebrating women. I'll is I'll is I'll is is is is is is I'll is I'll is I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, um well well well well well well um like well so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two two two two two two female podcast. Has Amy okay like like uh you know what could stuff have have have have have have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so so so so so so okay, so I know like I mean I mean I mean well in a moment you're you're you're you're you're you're going to be talking about a really huge piece of like okay I mean okay I I I I I I mean news that was covered in the media last week. So I thought it might might might might might might like uh uh I mean like be nice for me to start with with with with with with maybe a slightly smaller you story I mean like you know like I mean that people people people people people people haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like okay well stumbled across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler well uh like I mean I mean in this podcast. What we do is we we we we we we have top ten lists. These are like I mean so like so the the the the the the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh you know enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts or Oye podcast well well um uh so. Also, you are say say say say say say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that well well well well well well like I mean well I mean stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one one one one one one word come and say hi to well well uh okay I mean me. Let me know know know know know know how you liked this show and let's get into it okay you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh um. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video like like like like like like so um you know like today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies companies companies companies companies companies that started life as something totally um uh like okay uh different most of us us us us us us go through life and not knowing who we are or what we like you you you you you you know well okay you know want to do at least until a few decades decades decades decades decades decades in we go through many I mean like okay um okay false starts starts starts starts starts starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one that's truly truly truly truly truly truly okay you know so I mean you know right for us many companies are the the the the the the same often times the most successful corporations on you know well I mean like like like like like like okay earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you you you you you you please take uh like so well um a minute and give us a five star star star star star star rating? This would really help us to um um um I mean uh move forward. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we are the you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next next next next next next week on March the 13th. We I mean I mean um you know well will be the the the the the the host of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from four o'clock. Until like well okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique time time time time time time when you can see Rory and you know um I mean uh well myself our our our our our our pretty faces and Rory will be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll you know I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean crack jokes on his feet. So no so no no no no no no so no so no so no so no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So So So So So So please do um well okay like um join in we do need everyone to to to to to to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really I mean you know like well I mean insisted everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. Is there is there is there is there is there is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hart like uh I mean so um. And today I am joined by extremely special special special special special special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz um you know uh so you know you you you you you you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their I mean mean mean mean mean mean like like you know okay current phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to to to to to to be talking about being in uh so you know so you know our 30s or or or or or or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk you you you you you you know so like so so about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh why I feel like nervous today, but uh so so um like I feel nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really uh um like like like like like like I mean you know don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to to to to to to prior to this you know you know so uh okay was my frenetic trying to to to to to to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 uh so so so so so so so um well minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh oh oh oh oh oh I've just like like okay so uh got to make sure the podcast is is is is is is set. There's nothing I hate more than well well um okay well when you show show show show show show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
Good morning church. How are how are how are how are how are how are are are are are are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say you know uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so uh thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his his his his his his goodness like I mean like you know um and mercy in your life. What a a a a a a God we have to worship. What a uh I mean well you know okay son we we we we we we have to praise. What a what a what a what a what a what what what what what what a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You okay I mean so um like like like like like like may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware like like like like like like so uh um so of what is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a a a a a a message well you know okay um well for you from my father in the the the the the the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you uh you know like so well should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone well so so so so so so you know like well Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My My My My My My name is so like okay well well Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom Dom Dom Dom Dom Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm doing um uh like I mean so good, man man man man man man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN well like like like like like like like so well of TV talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the the the the the the Riverdale after so you know I mean uh like show. What a crazy episode that that that that that that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight so okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh well. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole so um um um um um um so okay okay jugged 30 drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's Tony's Tony's Tony's Tony's Tony's are up to their uh well like so you know normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna tie up some of the other little things well I mean you know you you you you you you know um at the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be be be be be be doing okay so I mean you know um our class clown class president. So So So So So So if you guys have a class clown class present like like I mean you you you you you you know okay for this episode, please start sending them in in the live chat chat chat chat chat chat. I am Katie. I you I you I you I you I you I you you you you you you know uh uh um like am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat chat chat chat chat chat if you have some well like I mean I mean I mean thoughts so that that that that that that I can also cut you as you guys as my uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um I mean co-host because I will be relying on you greatly greatly greatly greatly greatly greatly tonight. So first so first so first so first so first so first off what what what what what what a you know like um you know um way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to to to to to to talk about um you know um um uh Brandon bills. They gave us us us us us us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done it you know so like like like like like like I mean like without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front front front front front front tooth. We also well um okay you know okay have a new promo code code code code code code its roots 15 use it to purchase any so I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into into into into into into this episode so okay you know uh okay. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you you you you you you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome back uh okay like you know you you you you you you know to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC ACC ACC ACC ACC ACC media um okay you know you know like today. I'm joined by a New Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire and I mean uh um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New Zealand well well well well well well okay um so um CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So So So So So So welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome guys Luke I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean you know well. I might start with you if that's that's that's that's that's that's okay. We've been chatting a fair bit over the so so well you know like last last last last last last couple of months about you guys. Me across to cover this event. Tell us more um um um um um um okay so okay uh about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was born and raised raised raised raised raised raised in Taipei Taiwan um you know okay um okay lived there for 17 years years years years years years. Then I moved over to New Zealand and continued to like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean well well kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode like um like um okay okay okay okay okay okay. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that that that that that that um um I mean well well you can apply to your life to to to to to to provide hope and help for you or a you know you know like I I I I I I mean so loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed licensed licensed licensed licensed licensed professional counselor and like um you know I mean okay nutrition and mindset coach for for for for for for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling and like like you know know know know know know okay like coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families families families families families families navigate through tough um um so um you know times. I love the work work work work work work that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata I I I I I I mean I mean well okay uh Institute of social sciences who have t and we we we we we we present to you goonch go to the um I mean okay well well podcast where we we we we we we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current social uh okay you you you you you you know um um concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on on on on on on you know um um so so conducting interviews with guests from both within within within within within within and outside of our campus. We also plan um you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean well on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have have have have have have something well well um like you know for our listeners as well. We will be be be be be be having fun contest for our listeners as well uh so uh okay okay as a a a a a a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this I I I I I I mean I mean like so like journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, don't forget to tune so I mean uh uh well in to goonch. Wide range range range range range range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We so we so so so so so so we so we so we so we so okay you know like so will be be be be be be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise okay okay like like like like like like like I mean segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this this this this this this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um you're well today. Do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a you know you know know know know know know well okay um moment this week with my coach about accountability and I I I I I I was really surprised. It's always I mean okay I mean so like really really really really really really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really like like like like like like um like um like good at that and then someone asks you a question question question question question question and you go always like that you know well you know you know uh. I think think think think think think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that so you know you know know know know know know um well you know I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's It's It's It's It's It's hard pushing so I mean so okay uh yourself through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable uncomfortable uncomfortable uncomfortable uncomfortable uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your uh I mean so well um heart heart heart heart heart heart and you your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I I I I I I okay so well well so don't want to go there t harv Eker in in in in in in his book. The millionaire okay I mean like uh um mindset says life life life life life life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is you know know know know know know uh okay so like about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you you you you you you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast so so so so so so uh okay well you know go to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super super super super super super I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super fired up about weekly V V V V V V I mean you know well so well O8 I said last time I promoted weekly be be be be be be I can't believe the comments um well I mean okay I mean people are are are are are are kind of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on like okay well well well well well well so I mean the smart TVs and things that nature. I'm super super super super super super flattered super excited about well you know um I mean well it. This weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly be a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between uh well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean Damon John and sampar, then there's a really epic. A meeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting I had with the okay well like um so Minnesota rocker rocker rocker rocker rocker rocker. That is the team that I own in the Call of Duty well like so like like like like like like you know League the minority owner along with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker rocker rocker rocker rocker rocker meeting well um you know okay I mean really interesting gets into my mindset about about about about about about business and operations and marketing of kind like so okay like like of a startup startup startup startup startup startup. There's some there's some there's some there's some there's some there's some Vayner Sports Action Action Action Action Action Action at the combine and there's a well okay um um uh really fantastic podcast. I I I I I I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy you know I I I I I I mean okay I mean so that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too too too too too too good at okay uh well I mean like procrastinating and you know what what what what what what 2020 not about that. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted I wanted to make this so I mean I mean you know um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast forever ago. And finally and finally and finally and finally and finally and finally finally finally finally finally finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is anchor is anchor is is is is is is anchor is anchor is anchor is uh you know like so like the easiest way way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally okay I mean so well uh uh uh uh uh uh free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to to to to to to record you know I mean well like okay and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast uh well like like like like like like like okay for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more I mean um um so well platforms you can can can can can can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership well okay so you you you you you you know I mean guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a a a a a a podcast in one uh well um you know well place, please download the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean to get started. Trust me. You will you will you you you you you you will you will you will you will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome um okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like uh back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If If If If If If like okay you know like um you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better better better better better better. Then you will well I mean you know well uh know that I post post post post post post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word I mean I I I I I I mean I mean so so of God. And that is basically the whole heart of this this this this this this podcast will be um uh so so okay looking at real life scenarios and situations, situations, situations, situations, situations, situations, but the End of that, we'll be using um uh um okay uh and speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart um well well well well well well um um so behind this is that as we go through tests and trials which we we we we we we can't obviously avoid like you know okay um like but we will our mindset that that that that that that we would go through it will be different. I okay uh um uh I I I I I I mean am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes um um um um um um um okay okay um. How's the how's the how's the how's the how's how's how's how's how's how's the how's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh so um suspected of mind has been on the minds to working working working working working working for real until right. Now okay so you know like okay you off social media media media media media media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole so so um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just just just just just just to like you know I mean well uh well get focused packable and and and and and and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it back. But I but I I I I I I but I but I but I but I mean um um I mean I I I I I I mean then I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat eat eat eat eat eat your because so so um like so life has now came to revolve around it. And And And And And And what and what and what and what and what and what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, what's up? up up up up up And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last like I mean like like like like like like like well week. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend spend spend spend spend spend I spend I spend I spend I spend I spend the weekend okay well um um um um um um you know uh there to do a keynote talk also was a part of of of of of of a panel like well you know like uh and yeah had a good time time time time time time in general so good to be back right now and uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt angleman angleman angleman angleman angleman angleman and like I mean well like um he says it's not the first time time time time time time that he's in this podcast. It's uh so like you know um actually the the the the the the second I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of well I I I I I I mean so like uh Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a a a a a a like okay like um you know quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to to to to to to make the podcast tonight uh so so well so. I was stuck in Philadelphia all all all all all all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there I mean I mean so so so so so so like so was a boot on my car because if you've ever watched watched watched watched watched watched a any Parking Wars, okay um uh so I mean they're not operating operating operating operating operating operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got um um I I I I I I mean okay well free this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So So So So So So like I like like you know I mean okay said, I'm Fortunately, I won't won't won't won't won't won't be on the podcast. Have a good time guys and I mean well so so so so so so so I mean man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let let let let let let you know okay I mean like so well about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all all all all all all of you creative podcasters out there like you know okay okay um. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free it's free it's free free free free free free it's free it's free it's free to use and has well I mean mean mean mean mean mean um well okay all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your your your your your your podcast right from like you know I mean uh I mean your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify so uh well um um um um um um I mean Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, sponsors, sponsors, sponsors, sponsors, sponsors, like uh um like you know even if you're just starting out. It's the the the the the the perfect choice for podcasters. So make well you know I mean I mean so so so so so so sure to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor you know I mean you know you know you know dot. F m-- to get get get get get get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees Rocks so I mean well okay okay. They were that dude is no no no no no no I didn't see them. I saw him do a feature you know well um so so so so so so well on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so good like like like like like like you know uh so um okay yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz saw like it was well you know like well like crazy voices just doesn't quit quit quit quit quit quit. Yeah, his yeah, his yeah, his yeah, his yeah, his yeah, his like like like like like like stage presence is fucking Amazing like uh like I mean well. Yeah, like wife's wife's wife's wife's wife's wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just I mean so so so so so so so well so always like people you may know and then I see him and it's it's it's it's it's it's like him I mean so okay I mean like singing while he's like hanging hanging hanging hanging hanging hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I okay you know well well well well well well well you know think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like like like like like like have like a sin a uh uh uh so so coat on and like like like like like like the first note of the first song He's already got the mic I mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know um so out of the mics and it has got the mic mic mic mic mic mic stand up here. Just well so okay uh I mean good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that um um um um um um you know so um uh if you listen to my stuff for free every every every every every every single day if you listen so okay so well um to one of my my my my my my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content okay okay um um um um um um well I mean. There's over there's over there's over there's over there's over there's over tick like like like like like like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight I mean you you you you you you know like uh like years and not have to pay nothing. But guess guess guess guess guess guess what happened in those 10 so I mean okay I mean so years Cam Newton start listening listening listening listening listening listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he then he then then then then then then he then he then he then he uh you know well I mean so went went went went went went to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went you know know know know know know I mean uh well like to the pros and told the coach. I got to speak speak speak speak speak speak after all these kids like so like I mean um in the hood who didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So uh so uh so uh so so so so so so uh so uh so uh you know I mean um okay when they went went went went went went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to so uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh the NFL. They took their daddy with them when they became preachers preachers preachers preachers preachers preachers and start uh um I mean I mean like a church when they became became became became became became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been um um um um um um so uh so I mean to the station. The senior the last time Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys, welcome into the um I mean you know well so player's perspective on sensor sensor sensor sensor sensor sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today today today today today today uh I mean uh I mean I mean. Got a special episode lined up. You guys guys guys guys guys guys always appreciate you guys support and I mean you know um uh so I I I I I I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank you I I I I I I mean so so um I mean enough on today's episode. We're joined by former former former former former former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of well like well okay um Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
This audio this audio this audio this audio this audio this audio book summary is brought brought brought brought brought brought to you by quick Read download our app today I mean so so you know know know know know know so and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries on well um you know well um personal development productivity business and more listen to them them them them them them while working out or like okay uh well I mean commuting to work and get get get get get get the key insights of books in minutes instead of well okay okay uh uh hours. Go Go Go Go Go Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary okay uh uh like like like like like like I mean of best job ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett Burnett Burnett Burnett Burnett Burnett and quick read okay like okay you know you know narrated by Jim D D D D D D Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for so okay you you you you you you know uh you know a living do you joyfully say I have the best best best best best best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
SS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo PES my crew my boo boo boo boo boo boo my we'd be best so ahead of my time like well like okay um um um um um um. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is uh uh uh uh uh uh so like um well me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even even even even even even know how I mean I mean you know um so to start. It's nice it's it's it's it's it's it's nice it's nice it's nice it's nice it's nice to be back again. It It It It It It is coming up on um well uh like um spring time and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm uh like well so well weather weather weather weather weather weather. Sometimes I like to say that I like cold weather, but I I mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean like I mean think I like warm every now and then and there's there's there's there's there's there's some big changes um okay um um okay that are coming up for me. I I I I I I can't quite sure. I mean I can okay um so so I mean share share share share share share them. I've just I've just I've just I've just I've just I've just decided not not not not not not to for quite some time. But once I do so um um like I mean decide decide decide decide decide decide to share promise, you'll understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean like not pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I I I I I I would I would I would I would I would I would like like you know know know know know know okay uh say little I guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you who who who who who who uh okay you know you know um have been following the podcast for some time time time time time time as speaking with Robert Keegan so uh I mean you know uh Robert or Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of you know well well well well well well I mean like like adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will will will will will will so I mean you know like I mean be after listening to this show show show show show show. We do a kind of Action to his well like you know okay like work an an an an an an overview of the 5 stage model that he created and that has so like like like like like like like well like been studied empirically for the last 40 years. And the reason reason reason reason reason reason why I wanted to so you know like uh I mean talk to Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Keegan isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration okay like like like like like like okay like well for me but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
Hi dear students. This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for you well well well well well well well well okay you know. And today I want to talk about something called as as as as as as Legacy. Now. What do what do what do what do what do what do do do do do do we I mean well uh so I mean mean by Legacy? Now? What I I I I I I know for sure is that people like us, you know okay uh um uh you know, know, know, know, know, know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh well uh like people like you people like me people who opted to to to to to to become a doctor because of a so well um so okay sub. Conscious calling calling calling calling calling calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession. And I'm sure you know know know know know know um okay like you know you all were aware of it that we are opting for something something something something something something which is well okay okay so okay a tough profession. We all had our you know, know, know, know, know, know, older brother or brother's friend like you know uh okay I mean or a senior senior senior senior senior senior. You all had somebody with a when we go home. We okay you you you you you you know okay I mean so went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd. Now okay like okay like like look the buzz. So excited so excited so excited excited excited excited excited excited so excited so excited so excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was was was was was was insane you okay you know like uh uh guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll see uh uh okay so so her back next next next next next next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Key up and down so uh you know you know I mean up and and and and and and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened on this episode that um so so so so so so well like okay we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with ish ish ish ish ish ish and Madison, which was okay um I mean I mean I mean interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. He's back for a little uh I I I I I I mean you know uh okay bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another another another another another another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is is is is is is you know you know um so so that? You need me to help you you you you you you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you well you know like well like you you you you you you have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, time, time, time, time, time, you I mean you know well you know um know. It's good to be be be be be be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves like like like like like like um uh you know so and nourishes all things but does not Lord it it it it it it over and when merits uh well um well um are accomplished it lays no claim Namaste Namaste Namaste Namaste Namaste Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you uh like well um well to another episode of of of of of of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for okay well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh you know strengthening your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and and and and and and cultivating I mean well okay uh um your spirit. My name my name my name my my my my my my name my name my name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be be be be be be your guides okay okay so I mean you know the real you. And today and today today today today today today and today and today and today and today in episode 2 Our intention is going going going going going going to be helping each so like um so uh other and you are audience audience audience audience audience audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why well um you know know know know know know uh okay why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want want want want want want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just I just I just I just I just I just want to give a quick.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm host Simon I mean um uh um well Whistler. This is this is this this this this this this is this is this is this is the audio version of our video show on on on on on on YouTube. If you if you if you if you if you if you well well well well well well so like uh um want to go look it up there and see see see see see see the video version of these you okay uh okay you know so can do that that that that that that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts um okay okay okay okay okay okay um well well or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review review review review review review. It would be kind um uh uh well okay of you and let's let's let's let's let's let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying horrifying horrifying horrifying horrifying horrifying facts about you know you know you know um so the American Mafia. Number Number Number Number Number Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has uh um well well well well well well well I mean become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Culture a few um okay you know I mean uh standout celebrity criminals and and and and and and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best um so well uh uh uh uh uh uh okay known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from the only only only only only only game like okay you know I mean well in town during the glory years years years years years years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do do do do do do good a virtuous um well I mean I mean like friendship is the natural tendency to reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome um you know you know so so so so so so you know to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho nacho nacho nacho nacho nacho. I'm okay um I mean uh well Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're we're we're we're we're we're talking about friendships for filing the kind uh so you know so like of of of of of of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know last week we talked about it. Chastity and chastity and chastity chastity chastity chastity chastity chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity and this week we're talking about friendships like like like like like like so like you know you know and next week. We're talking about a surprise. But before before before before before before we get into all that I mean I mean I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh Kylie, I believe you have a joke for us, right? That's the natural uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast uh uh you know you know like with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa bullosa bullosa bullosa bullosa bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning in in uh okay I mean I mean so so so so so so today's episode. I want I want I want I want I want I want to to to to to to mainly jump into the who what why when and how of this like like like like like like like well so like podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let me at least least least least least least help you um like um like you know understand who I am. I've I've I've I've I've I've been an RD for about 5 years now. I've worked okay okay um I mean you you you you you you know in many different places. I started off at a nursing home from there. I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was uh uh you know know know know know know like uh able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working at New York York York York York York Presbyterian Hospital finally like I mean okay well um I made it to the Private Private Private Private Private Private Practice World, which is really where I wanted to be you know well well well well well well um like um I was able to sit with people for longer periods of time we we we we we we set realistic goals, so you know um like like we had follow-ups and we were were were were were were able to see each other for a so like you know um I mean bit more more more more more more than five or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're you know know know know know know uh I mean you know you know able to squeeze in a couple minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really so you know um um um um um um um um tired at this point because they've been here for a while and then then then then then then I come in um uh you know so uh and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's It's It's It's It's It's over it's over it's over it's over it's over it's over so okay okay uh um um um um um um. This is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm um um um um um um you know well like you know here with my to co-host a one one one one one one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it I mean um um okay okay okay okay okay okay you know but I'll let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourself first so I mean uh so uh. Wait, I have a question. What's your your your your your your question? Okay. So you said you had so so like well you know to co-host and and and and and and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the like like uh like like like like like like okay other co-host. Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host like like like like like like okay like I mean okay your math isn't working here buddy one just four of of of of of of us. Yes could cope well like you know so like he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading reading reading reading reading reading and friendship like you know well um you know matter for women and how to to to to to to make space in our lives for it. I'm Marcy I'm Marcy I'm Marcy I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Marcy I'm Marcy I'm Marcy well I mean uh uh so Stockman and author speaker and and and and and and founder of well-read mom. My passion my passion my passion my passion my my my my my my passion my passion is to help women um um well I mean uh read read read read read read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time for for for for for for well so okay well like leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join join join join join join a group near you visit okay so uh okay uh while red knob.com. Hello, this this this this this this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank so I mean um I I I I I I mean I mean you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve delve delve delve delve delve into like so so so so some of the frequently asked questions that are are are are are are members and leaders asked so we'll I mean well okay well like get started right right right right right right away. The first question that came from our members this year and uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um some of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership membership membership membership membership membership terms meaning well I mean well well um when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja you know you know um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean and bhavana. We're both we're both we're both we're both we're both we're both juniors juniors juniors juniors juniors juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up you know um um um um um um um I mean like as best friends and although we share a lot of of of of of of experiences. We still like I mean you know like I mean have our own own own own own own take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from so so like uh uh uh uh uh uh so poojas basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from from from from from from pooches I mean okay like I mean I mean basement door. Reflect on these these these these these these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode like well you know know know know know know um uh of tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our our our our our our uh uh you know so well third episode of PB and chill in this this this this this this episode. We are going to be talking about so so uh okay uh the the the the the the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this this this this this this particular well like I mean like I mean episode is because I had a dream dream dream dream dream dream I literally had a had a dream like well so okay uh where I was was was was was was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in in in in in in so so I mean like so a series is one that I consider really foundational foundational foundational foundational foundational foundational as you know, my goal I mean so uh like okay with pondering purple is to to to to to to help missionaries kids and the people who love them well I mean well well well well well well you know um to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts gifts gifts gifts gifts gifts and the challenges the joys and well okay well um okay the frustrations of growing up in in in in in in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't like so well uh so there was a a a a a a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh like so growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy happy happy happy happy happy and the you know well um so um hard then I went to a school school school school school school for missionaries kids in Germany when I like I mean like I mean so was in in in in in in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I um um um um um um I um I um I um I um I um okay well like you know know know know know know hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in like well well well well well well so well well me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series series series series series series well like uh like like. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your your your your your your life in four uh so like uh um key areas retaining the information that I teach personal personal personal personal personal personal growth improving your relationships. And I mean you know okay like so of course course course course course course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi um well you you you you you you know so well there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going to to to to to to be talking to you so um okay well like about am I dating an an an an an an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people you know I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh you know that discover my channel every day and every week and so the the the the the the information can you know like okay so okay be very overwhelming obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan Dylan Dylan Dylan Dylan Dylan and I mean you know well um okay Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on on on on on on a high right now. We just well so um so okay filmed one podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so like okay from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should should should should should should ever on this okay uh okay um uh podcast. So that's going to be be be be be be on big little life right now. We have um I mean uh uh okay all all all all all all of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our our our our our our heart uh okay I mean well well. I'm really trying to answer these well for for for for for for you guys down and I are well I mean like so I mean just two normal normal normal normal normal normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just well like so like so so so so so so going to tell you what we would hope that we would do in these these these these these these situations. We like um well like um would hope that we would do and and and and and and will also tell you what we so like so so so have done which was was was was was was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't we we we we we we wouldn't do combined with some I mean so like uh like things. We've We've We've We've We've We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without so so so so so so without so without so without so without so without further you know I mean I I I I I I mean I mean I mean Ado, let's get started by do it looks of of of of of of mine with the stuff from books okay I mean so um well. Hey everyone, hey hey hey hey hey hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand brand brand brand brand brand new um I mean um like like episode next week. But if you need something to to to to to to tide you over until uh okay I mean uh like then there's another show show show show show show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters okay like well well so and and and and and and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of of of of of of the show Meredith asked a complicated I mean um well I mean um question about relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships and shares real. Is from is from is from is from is from is from from from from from from people grappling with the same question in the okay well well I mean so episode? episode episode episode episode episode You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom trying trying trying trying trying trying to figure um so you know like so out how to introduce her young daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter to a new person. She's dating if well uh well you know like you liked liked liked liked liked liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc um uh you know like you know treasury research and strategy. I will be be be be be be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a regular I mean so okay okay well well well well well well basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from from from from from from the covid-19 uh um I mean so you know related upheavals and we are are are are are are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in terms of um so like I I I I I I mean like global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different parts parts parts parts parts parts okay like I mean um so of the world. If you look at our effect effect effect effect effect effect sentiment index it now stands at extreme so so like so you know risk of of of of of of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved to the current situation situation situation situation situation situation like I mean uh well I mean. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're you're you're you're you're you're tuning in and okay so you know um so you're hearing this, thank you you you you you you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out there so well okay uh so so so so so so. Today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be be be be be be the fifth. So I look forward um I mean like like I mean to my first first first first first first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym um okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind kind kind kind kind kind of group grew up a so okay okay um well lot about them, but I I I I I I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and so so um so so that's episode episode episode episode episode episode 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you're well well um um um um um um um like listening, thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of well so so so so so so okay like well the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring season one one one one one one well okay you know well so starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a a a a a a guest. Well, that's my guest like um uh you know so. I mean is is is is is is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host and and and and and and ask so uh like you know um her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your your your your your your favorite meme stir. Let's be real what uh well uh well I mean a joke joke joke joke joke joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's well it's well it's well well well well well well it's well it's well it's well um you know well I mean let's talk to to to to to to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what like so you know know know know know know uh uh makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's gas is going um so well okay uh to take you back to school. So So So So So So take out a pen and paper take some notes so so like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and and and and and and I mean so um uh so ladies. She is a beast many of try to to to to to to compete with her. Short story uh you know okay um okay they kind of of of of of of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed unscathed unscathed unscathed unscathed unscathed I mean well um okay so on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing woman you know I mean well uh I I I I I I mean with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I I I I I I didn't make because like uh um um you know of my fear was all all all all all all because of this 18 months of my life. Welcome everyone. My well my well well well well well well my well my well my well my well like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding finding finding finding finding finding perspective podcast where we so um so well you know share stories and get get get get get get into deep conversation with the intent of educating our listeners well so like um um um um um um so to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New New New New New New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name her her her her her her name her name her name her name her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only I mean mean mean mean mean mean so like so you know and should not be relied upon as legal business business business business business business investment or tax advice all opinions like uh well uh well expressed by podcast participants are are are are are are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry Industry Industry Industry Industry Industry regulations like like well um you know participants on this podcast or instructed not not not not not not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay. Pets and pets and pets and pets and pets and pets and listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative Investments are okay so I I I I I I mean um well complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such such such such such such they are not like uh um okay uh suitable for all investors. Welcome to the the the the the the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we I mean you know well so um dive dive dive dive dive dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund you you you you you you know uh like like well managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World World World World World World. Alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is a I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well okay you know process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the I I I I I I mean so you know you know okay pulse podcast today. We have we have we we we we we we have we have we have we have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Operating Operating Operating Operating Operating Officer of Haven like okay uh so uh and chief strategy officer and Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is to capture you know I mean um um um um um um okay uh the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others others others others others others across so like um like um the Healthcare Community. We are we are we we we we we we are we are we are we are super excited to have Jack join us today today today today today today. Jacques is you know you know um I mean I mean a senior operating leader leader leader leader leader leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data science um I mean mean mean mean mean mean um um I mean people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You You You You You You have you have you have you have you have you have had an impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive uh you know um you know okay career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us us us us us us a brief summary of your career path you know well uh uh I I I I I I mean today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you made along your journey? journey journey journey journey journey Sure. Well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is is is is is is I mean uh um so you know all about life and all things that comes comes comes comes comes comes with it. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is a um you know well so uh safe space to be vulnerable to talk about about about about about about love inspired growth and encourage I mean well like so well Rita join me in in in in in in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, um well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay well welcome to love gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast will well um I mean uh you know be all about all kinds of of of of of of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love so I mean um um like and and and and and and the love we have for friends and the love we have for a so um um um um um um uh well um significant other and all the things that could mean love for anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone. So let's not forget uh like you know um okay anything from dogs parents families families families families families families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would well okay like so you know know know know know know also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a okay okay okay okay okay okay like like I mean okay physical state to your Total emotional state state state state state state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is is is is is is the word um so so um I mean tantamount spelled ta n ta M M M M M M. OU NT. It is it is it is it is it is it is an an an an an an adjective meaning equivalent like I mean well uh like as in value Force effect or or or or or or signification used in a sentence. His angry his angry his angry his angry his angry angry angry angry angry angry his angry speech was uh uh so you know like tantamount to a declaration of war war war war war war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term um so like you you you you you you know uh. ERM translating eRM translating eRM translating eRM translating eRM translating eRM translating as as as as as as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused so well um well I I I I I I mean with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance importance importance importance importance importance are impact well like um okay so supreme or preeminent as in she made a point point point point point point of Paramount significance. However, both tantamount and like uh so um you know Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official you you you you you you know okay so okay I mean episode of the UFC New Era chat pod pod pod pod pod pod cast we're going to have some well uh okay um um chat members on on on on on on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus like well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean like Romero. It's going down soon. You know you know you know you know you you you you you you know you know what it is roll the music. New Era new Era new new new new new new Era new Era new Era new Era um uh like so like podcast, I got got got got got got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and you you you you you you know well you know uh I mean just mention yourselves real quick for the viewers viewers viewers viewers viewers viewers. That would be lit. It's going on you know um um you know okay. It's It's It's It's It's It's a Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is is is is is is early stoppage so um uh so well MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to to to to to to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of of of of of of so like um like okay the heart of it is to test their daring and and and and and and their bravery. They're uh they're uh they're uh they're uh they're uh uh uh uh uh uh they're uh um okay I mean you know not going to get a chance to to to to to to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's well um um so okay This is is is is is is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When well I mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean okay Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
What is up guys? This is this is this is this is this this this this this this is this is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So uh um like um um um um um um I mean I made a post the other day about the you know, I I I I I I even made a podcast well so um like uh it was probably one or or or or or or two podcast back now from here maybe but about you know, like like um okay okay okay okay okay okay well your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think it it it it it it uh I mean like you know I mean should be more of a pillar pillar pillar pillar pillar pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram like so uh um like post and I I I I I I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups I mean like um well well well well well well you know. And anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, and anyway, obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob okay like like you know I mean he owns a gym. I believe it's called called called called called called CrossFit rise again. I apologize you know well well uh uh Rob if I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and you just I mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know like I mean like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this this this this this this argument is pointless you know well well okay um. I don't get it it it it it it. You should you should you should you should you should you should strive to do do do do do do both like and he just you know like well okay so didn't agree with with with with with with it which was but he reached out to me and show I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean me a DM and I do what I typically do when I I I I I I like so well well you know hit him with an audio message and explain my position position position position position position and you know next thing, um you know I mean like you know know know know know know you know, we're back and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you you you you you you okay okay well okay well know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
December 7th december 7th december 7th december 7th december 7th december 7th 2003 subject subject subject subject subject subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going you're going you're you're you're you're you're you're going you're going you're going you're going you know uh okay uh you know to to to to to to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll be a I mean well like okay okay family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about about about about about about creating your like like so okay you know own podcast piece of advice for you you you you you you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop you know you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows it it it it it it allows it allows it allows it allows it allows you to record and and and and and and edit like you know like okay okay your podcast right from your phone or your computer computer computer computer computer computer. It also distributes your um like you know so uh podcast to most major major major major major major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize uh uh you you you you you you know okay well your podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get get get get get get into download the free well so you know so um anchor app or go to to to to to to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been uh um uh well well well well well well you know a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my my my my my my last, you like you know uh okay I mean know update on this kind of of of of of of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding so so um well you you you you you you know that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be be be be be be called, um you know um you know so you know, coronavirus Central and it has has has has has has been that way since you know, January so um like like um 21st, when when when when when when I kind of first started talking about it and so and for good good good good good good okay you know you know like okay reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care like like like like like like I mean I mean um uh and much much more all of their products are natural natural natural natural natural natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and um um you know um like crafted to to to to to to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote um um um um um um uh you know I mean so prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for for for for for for ten percent off your entire order use okay um so so uh promotional code code code code code code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the um um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we you you you you you you know um like like well can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online online online online online online Retreat will help you meditate on um well okay okay well the Lord's Lord's Lord's Lord's Lord's Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace okay well well well well well well uh okay you know and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring inspiring inspiring inspiring inspiring inspiring speakers and you know uh like like okay 19. Total talks each talk comes comes comes comes comes comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to to to to to to make podcast. Let well let well let well let well let well let well so so so so so so so like uh me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there there there there there there is a like okay um so okay creation tool that allow you to record and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or your like like uh like you know know know know know know computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify like uh well um like. Apple past apple past apple past apple past apple past past past past past past apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily make money with with with with with with like well I mean well okay podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you you you you you you need in one place. Thank you. I've always okay well so like well been sure sure sure sure sure sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking of funding their new like uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so uh adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and raise raise raise raise raise raise the funds many um um I mean uh uh VCS invest in small companies and and and and and and if you watch even one episode of Shark okay I mean well well like Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, Tank, you know, it is based. Having a having a having a having a having a having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
Hello, you hello, you hello, you hello, you hello, you hello, you lovely bunch and and and and and and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife show you know well well well well well well okay you know well me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody on this podcast and there's uh so well okay um a good reason for it it it it it it. I also just want to say if the sound like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and uh I I I I I I mean uh you know uh that is because I am currently in the middle middle middle middle middle middle of moving so I have packed my I mean I mean uh like so whole whole whole whole whole whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the um so okay okay okay okay okay okay well so middle of a hotel because I also started a new job last last last last last last week like I mean so okay well. And yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and and and and and and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, it's all decided to come at once. But the the the the the the but the but the but the but the but the reason I actually chose uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh okay you know to do this podcast and do this by myself is is is is is is because it's something that I want you know uh um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once to like like like like like like uh well you know uh a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council for for for for for for like you know you know so I mean more information about the British British British British British British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British uh uh so okay uh Council Council Council Council Council Council dot-org. Hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my name name name name name name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast this I mean well like like like like like like so I mean episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to to to to to to our program and Beyond today. I'm joined I mean you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean like by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues from from from from from from different teams programs so like okay well I mean and countries, although from different departments departments departments departments departments departments. We are all linked to the language assistance um um well okay okay okay okay okay okay well program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on the the the the the the team. So so well you know you know uh to start with can you all all all all all all introduce yourselves where your base and what team so uh well like well you are are are are are are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based I'm based I'm based based based based based based I'm based I'm based I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
What if what if what if what if what if what if world is supported supported supported supported supported supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? so I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like you know Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that that that that that that my podcast is now hosted well okay okay you know well on on on on on on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let um let let let let let let um let um let um let um let um I mean uh um you know know know know know know me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you to record record record record record record so uh I mean well I mean and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute your okay okay um you know uh podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons of of of of of of okay so you know like I mean other places and when you're ready to start start start start start start monetizing your podcast anchor Make it well okay uh you know okay easy with with with with with with minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place um like you know okay you know know know know know know. Honestly. I wish I wish I wish I wish I wish I wish I I I I I I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to um like so well so so so so so so Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez for like um um I mean okay the on the gun line podcast and you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to the midweek memo I mean um well uh okay for March for for for for for for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I well I well well well well well well I well I well I well I well uh I mean you know um fucked fucked fucked fucked fucked fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at well you you you you you you know uh you know I mean night last night and this morning. Well, I well, I I I I I I well, I well, I well, I well, I got a shift change so I don't don't don't don't don't don't well well um I mean okay have enough time to do it in in in in in in the morning. Like I like I like I like I like I like like like like like like I used to kind so well I mean um um of ran out out out out out out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break so so so so so so so like so like. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night night night night night night well well I mean okay like and I'm answering the phone today on the show show show show show show. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to be be be be be be talking about well like so okay uh 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're now, you're now, now, now, now, now, now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance and you know well uh okay well what it is is it is the the the the the the situation where if you buy an existing well you know so well you know know know know know know property you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new new new new new new well I mean you know I mean so row for Is significant expense on on on on on on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant so uh uh uh so expense or or or or or or rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we we we we we we so like well so you know necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but but but but but but it's something that needs to happen if every I mean I mean you know like like like like like like uh couple of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this this this this this this is uh so uh well I mean actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it well well well well well well um so so um is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my my my my my my pajamas that is not on so um I mean you know um account of of of of of of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have been I I I I I I mean okay you know I mean um working really really hard today been editing some some some some some some stuff right now sweet bear and I we um like so you know know know know know know okay are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here here here here here here to meet. Eat us uh I mean I mean okay you know in a few few few few few few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her birthday and so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some some some some some some of Friday um like you know um you know off. So I'm actually recording recording recording recording recording recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was like um so like like um my my my my my my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can well so so so so so so I mean well well unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and and and and and and our friends to uh okay you know well well celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited you you you you you you know okay so I mean okay to finally finally launched this podcast. This has has has has has has been something in the making for years you know um well so um. I have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have truly wanted to to to to to to do this. God has god has god has god has god has god has has has has has has put it down in my spirit uh uh like I mean I mean to do do do do do do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow I allow I allow I allow allow allow allow allow allow I allow I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The um um um um um um I mean I mean uh like knowledge is focused on helping you change your life life life life life life in four key areas retaining uh well you know like like the information that I I I I I I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting like well um um um um um um okay you know your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there there there there there there. I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm coach I mean uh well well um Margaret. And today we're going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking about soul mates. So some of well you know like I mean um you you you you you you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some of you well well well well well well well so uh you know guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you you you you you you don't but today like uh uh like well we're going to look at soul mates mates mates mates mates mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
What's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going on guys? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode okay I mean you know well I I I I I I mean number 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief you you you you you you know well okay um I mean. And then we're going to do do do do do do a little bit of challenging our view on you know okay you know uh uh luck luck luck luck luck luck. So I so I so I so I so I so I hope you guys guys guys guys guys guys are doing well. Hopefully it's hopefully it's hopefully it's hopefully it's hopefully it's it's it's it's it's it's hopefully it's turning to Springtime where well well like so um you are just just just just just just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all well so you you you you you you know I mean well. I was out in the sun just baking in in in in in in it. Just loving it. Feels so feels so feels so feels so feels so so so so so so feels so so okay well uh um good and it's actually kind of a little little little little little little bit about what I'm going to I mean I mean like I mean like talk about about about about about about today. So I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy you know um um um um um um I mean um um how son feels the best right after the winter time time time time time time. Right? Like right when you've endured you know I mean um I mean like like like like like like like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing you you you you you you know um um well like those runs. They're just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of Of Of Of Of Of course okay well um I mean so you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe you've maybe you've maybe you've maybe you've maybe you've maybe you've even thought about starting starting starting starting starting starting your well okay so I mean I mean own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity insanity insanity insanity insanity insanity you're looking to send out into the uh you know okay you know well world. There's There's There's There's There's There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a new all-in-one platform platform platform platform platform platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make like um um um um um um you know like so a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the the the the the the creative tools. You'll like you'll like you'll like you'll like you'll like you'll like I I I I I I mean well okay like need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer I mean okay well uh so and even better Anchor will Distribute Distribute Distribute Distribute Distribute Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on okay you know well so uh uh uh uh uh uh Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need I mean uh I mean you you you you you you know well to make a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting for download like so okay uh well the free anchor app or go go go go go go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for for for for for for uh uh uh you know like the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit sit sit sit sit sit down and buckle up well so like uh so because we're flipping tables and and and and and and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to the you know um um um um um um um like so inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're We're We're We're We're We're going to like you know like you know okay talk about Joe sniff her Biden and and and and and and how the other Dem candidates are falling you know well um like well well well well well well in line because they're wussies after that. I thought I thought I thought I I I I I I thought I thought I thought it was Right that we talk uh okay well well well well well well like so about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going going going going going going to end so you know uh uh okay talking about super Tuesday and the the the the the the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost to um like um I mean I I I I I I mean no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever there's ever there's ever there's ever there's there's there's there's there's there's ever there's ever anything that you want to hear on well um like like okay an an an an an an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How How How How How How well like um so so are you? All doing today? I've had I've I've I've I've I've I've had I've had I've had I've had I've had a good day. Well so far like so so so so so so like you know um. Yeah, it's been a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But But But But But But actually I'm well so okay um well going to schedule this episode. So I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll record it and then I'll save save save save save save it I mean like uh you know I mean to come out later because because because because because because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, so so like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean if you were listening before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation vacation vacation vacation vacation vacation in okay like so um so Hawaii while I still am when I'm recording this this this this this this and yet going back to you know um okay so um Japan. So this one one one one one one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment environment environment environment environment environment trees trees and okay uh so like I mean trees life nature sustainability. Just one one one one one one request someone treat and so on Essentials biodiversity. Those are what okay like I I I I I I mean I mean uh some people think about Forest, but do we really know about about about about about about it? You are now well okay well so like listening to let's talk trees with with with with with with me and get your hand. India's a podcast brought to I mean uh I I I I I I mean okay um you by C for Annie graph. When we hear the word word word word word word science, we often think so um uh well you know about equations and a a a a a a technical approach to problem solving this podcast series aimed uh I mean so well um to to to to to to go beyond number by looking at the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories stories stories stories stories stories um so well you know uh real life experience and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in in in in in in one like I mean okay so um place suddenly a sound like the blowing of of of of of of a violent wind came from heaven and so um I mean so you know know know know know know filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to to to to to to be um um uh um so tongues of fire that separated and came came came came came came to rest on each of them. All of them like well well well you know know know know know know were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean like as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem Jerusalem Jerusalem Jerusalem Jerusalem Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from you know okay you know so well every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me me me me me me by surprise when I mean like well well um I found out that that that that that that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I always um okay um like okay okay okay okay okay okay thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly I mean uh you know like so me. Amantha. We pull up beside you you you you you you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude okay I mean uh so you know know know know know know. I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous famous famous famous famous famous bowls amount of times uh I mean um um well. You've guys said wedges I I I I I I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? well so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries. They They They They They They are you know you know you know you know um serving friend you Iris deceitful deceitful deceitful deceitful deceitful deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what you're um um well okay so doing doing doing doing doing doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
As noticeable as noticeable as noticeable as noticeable as noticeable as noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based based based based based based uh so uh okay so on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available available available available available available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and like well I mean uh uh youth Ministries websites. It It It It It It is it is it is it is it is it is our desire desire desire desire desire desire at youth Ministries to see you grow uh like um uh like in your your your your your your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him um uh um um um um um um well okay. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission submission submission submission submission submission today will be okay uh okay well so reading from number 17 verses 8 8 8 8 8 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here okay um uh like like. Now you you you you you you now you now you now you now you now you sons of Levi it it it it it it is a small thing to you that the god okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring bring bring bring bring bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on on on on on on their um okay like okay uh retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to to to to to to budget save and invest enough to I mean so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean so become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience experience experience experience experience experience exactly how so I mean like you know okay you can get on the the the the the the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on or before the like like well well well well well well like well age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I have have have have have have been well okay I mean well I mean married for nine years had three three three three three three boys and earn four degrees combined with like so like well so no student loan debt and have have have have have have taken our household income from zero to over well like so okay like a a a a a a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to well um so um um um um um um uh invite you to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that that that that that that you know so well I mean I mean you can use to get started on on on on on on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the first ever ever ever ever ever ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas I mean like like um uh come come come come come come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean you know I mean Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative creative creative creative creative creative people in advertising media publishing technology education and like so I mean you know like more more more more more more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to those of of of of of of so well like you know um us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We We We We We We hope these conversations can shed some light on uh you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean so that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more and well well well well well well I mean um well so more of us are expected to be creative as part part part part part part of our jobs. Our hope well like you know um uh is that by by by by by by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still you know um um um um um um so uh I mean managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to to to to to to tap into well you know okay okay so our own creative sides the idea for doing doing doing doing doing doing a podcast about ideas came uh I mean I mean so okay from watching watching watching watching watching watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy. You like um like uh you know are of course listening in with the the the the the the big man the force and I'm so glad to I mean so okay like like like like like like um finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow from you you you you you you know so like um okay What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel feel feel feel feel feel like I've I mean uh like uh so caught the white whale and I I I I I I finally got every in the in the podcast with well well well like like like like like like well us. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How How How How How How many how many how many how many how many how many like you know um um um um um um um uh times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more more more more voices you know I mean like well um in the church talking about the crisis spreading the the the the the the gospel and holding fast to the like like um um so Traditions passed down to to to to to to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes like well like like I I I I I I mean. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one one one one one one is to you know uh you know I mean I mean start start start start start start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform um you know know know know know know you know I mean okay. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to make a podcast so okay I mean uh okay. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's There's There's Russian tools that allow you to record and uh well I mean okay I mean edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your your okay well so I mean uh podcast for you. So it so it so it so so so so so so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many you know know know know know know well well so well more you can actually make some money from your podcast with with with with with with no minimum listenership um um so like well. It's everything you need to to to to to to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested like you know know know know know know um um okay download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to to to to to to take like okay I mean you know uh a moment to thank everyone for listening listening listening listening listening listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having well well you know okay I mean a a a a a a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth out out out out out out there well uh like uh you know to debunk some myths to give some some some some some some guidance to first timers or those who you know like so um uh were in in in in in in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how to um well well well well well well you know I mean okay handle things. And simply and simply and simply and simply simply simply simply simply simply and simply and simply to make it an easier process for you. Today is is is is is is going like like I mean I mean like to be a little bit more more more more more more detailed not scientific, but just laying some I mean uh so well um truth out there there there there there there for you to give it some thought as you enter a diet or uh um um um um um um um um you know if you are in the middle of a diet or or or or or or even a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
Hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, like files fans fans fans fans fans fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's so okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's It's It's It's It's It's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free well like okay okay well well well well well well. It's free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's well well well well well well like uh I mean um creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your well uh uh you know I mean phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can so can can can can can can so can so can so can so can be heard okay um um um um um um you know so I mean on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more. Seriously, Seriously, Seriously, Seriously, Seriously, Seriously, there's places my podcast is uh um like uh um on. I've never heard of of of of of of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast you know so okay okay so so so so so so with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need you need you need you need you need need need need need need you need to make a podcast in one well well so okay you know know know know know know place. I get asked a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast I I I I I I mean okay uh uh um. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with anchor download download download download download download the free anchor app or okay I mean like I mean okay go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The The The The The The well so well like um True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda Amanda Amanda Amanda Amanda Amanda. Thanks so I mean you know I mean well for joining us. We We We We We We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode okay um uh so like like like like like like with you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I mean mean mean mean mean mean um like I mean you know I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the the the the the the things well, there's well um like so well many things but one of the the the the the the one of them that bothers me that the I mean like you know you know know know know know know so kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six six six six six six there's six there's six there's six there's six there's six of us in this this this this this this okay like so so um household and this couch is falling apart. You're You're You're You're You're You're supposed you're supposed you're supposed you're supposed you're supposed you're supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed to sit on a couch not okay like okay so I mean walk on it it it it it it not run on it now jump on it and dance on like I mean okay I I I I I I mean okay it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it it it it it it. So when uh okay well okay okay you catch them doing it because they know know know know know know they're not supposed to but they so well uh uh well just can't help themselves, but do do do do do do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when okay okay okay um so so so so so so you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh well you know was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we are near near near near near near appreciate so uh I mean so okay everybody for taking the time out out out out out out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we so so you know so so shared shared shared shared shared shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out um I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know like here trying to teach people knowledge and wake them up up up up up up on the deception. You already so you know you know so uh know. No, we we we we we we have a few subject we go get into today and I mean I mean I mean um um um um um um well talk about it discussion. You know, first we go talk about the the the the the the so-called coronavirus one that uh I mean well well um they got right now now now now now now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just okay uh uh I I I I I I mean um not too long ago. I see a new strip came out from from from from from from California. They so-called they so-called they so-called they so-called they so-called they so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host host host host host host development I mean I mean uh uh I mean Ronnie. I am I am am am am am am I am I am I am I am the founder of a platform called called called called called called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated to I mean um um like well empowering empowering empowering empowering empowering empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first okay so you you you you you you know uh so ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard leotard leotard leotard leotard leotard ceiling so uh well okay you know Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by by by by by by profession who recently resigned from a boutique okay well well you know I mean investment investment investment investment investment investment and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel uh like like like like like like like I mean you know who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting vetting vetting vetting vetting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well you know I mean well I mean well well well well well well as attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur I mean well like so okay co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts okay you know you know so well. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to be telling you you you you you you about The Disappearance uh you know okay you know I mean and murder of of of of of of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw so throw so throw so throw so throw so throw back back back back back back a shot of espresso and you know well uh well okay let's Dive In. Dorothy Dorothy Dorothy Dorothy Dorothy Dorothy James dorothy James dorothy James dorothy James dorothy James dorothy James Scott and her her her her her her son Sean lived in California at okay I mean I mean okay so Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy like dorothy dorothy dorothy dorothy dorothy dorothy like dorothy like dorothy like dorothy like dorothy like I mean uh you know know know know know know okay is 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not not not not not not in the picture uh so I mean you know uh and he actually lives in Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we we we we we we ask so so okay you know I mean all our guest speakers. So number number number number number number so number so number so number so number so number one, what are three words words words words words words that you would use to describe you know okay uh uh um yourself three and I I I I I I have to just narrow it down to three strategic organized and Innovative uh um like like um um um um um um. Mmm. And can and can and can and can and can and can you tell tell tell tell tell tell us a dad joke I wanted to respond by saying like so so um um um um um um so no, I can't see what happens if I responded that way but here's here's here's here's here's here's okay well okay okay well my try. So why so why so why why why why why why so why so why so why did the dad know that? His baby daughter would be be be be be be a great so um you know uh I mean marketer. Her first her first her her her her her her first her first her first her first word was Data I tried. And And And And And And what and what and what and what and what and what is one one one one one one random thing uh uh uh okay okay that you wish more people knew that almost anything anything anything anything anything anything is possible. The Harvard the Harvard the Harvard the Harvard the Harvard the Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give so so so so so so I mean okay like like you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you you you you you you listen to all of your uh I mean uh okay like favorite artists and podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account well I mean okay well well well well well well so necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one one one one one one you're you know I mean uh like I mean listening to right now and you you you you you you can follow those podcast. So you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so you never miss um so I mean you know okay an episode you can share share share share share share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And so okay I mean well well well well well well I mean if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to to to to to to offline no so so um well well matter where you are. So if so so so so so so if so if so if so if so if you haven't done so so so so so so already be sure to download um so I mean I mean well the Spotify app search search search search search search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean like Tab and give us a follow. So you never never never never never never miss an episode speaking of which let's so so I mean well um see what what what what what what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and and and and and and like um um so okay shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot you you you you you you know uh you know you know um of them out there. But me me me me me me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well Head. 60-minute IP's, 60-minute IP's, 60-minute IP's, 60-minute IP's, 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute 60-minute IP's, 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be be be be be be I mean I mean okay um like liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Bruges Bruges Bruges Bruges Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am your okay so uh well um host host host host host host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you thank you thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the I I I I I I mean so okay well you know table each week. We invite a guest guest guest guest guest guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing so um um I mean like the questions questions questions questions questions questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol so well um you know know know know know know um from transport to safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put put put put put put the mare in well uh um um um the hot seat. My name is Jasmine Jasmine Jasmine Jasmine Jasmine Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at you know like well well uh the University University University University University University of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying studying studying studying studying studying media and okay uh um okay I mean journalism at you as well. And And And And And And I'm in the second year. What is so so uh uh I mean the the the the the the impact of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand understand understand understand understand understand you know I mean well like uh from what I understand from for universities directly directly directly directly directly directly. The numbers the numbers the numbers the numbers the numbers the numbers of students applying applying applying applying applying applying for okay okay so so you know overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think they've been been been been been been very proactive. I'm reaching out so well uh so you know and from the very very very very very very firm the very beginning. I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm um um um um um um so um okay so a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this this this this this this podcast is all about Hope and um you know you know so um Recovery. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing um okay okay okay okay okay okay um um okay with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were were were were were were we were we were we were we were we were talking about relationships so well well well well well well like I mean well and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want want want want want want them to understand well uh okay you know um what we're going through in in in in in in terms of our experience with living with complex uh I mean okay I mean so trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start I mean I I I I I I mean um well uh us off with our new podcast. We will have have have have have have Kim's calendar. So before you know I mean you know uh like we move on on on on on on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we like um well well well well well well okay I mean should talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday wasn't it? I'm okay uh you know like I mean Kate. I know you were I I I I I I thought you want to tell us a bit you know um um okay um about us us us us us us. Oh, yeah, so there was a an M un conference in you know you you you you you you know okay like uh Wellesley College Dublin for two days. Days, Friday the 28th and and and and and and Saturday uh I mean um I mean uh the 29th, and it was very successful successful successful successful successful successful and un conference three and tar um well well um well Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar Iyengar Iyengar Iyengar Iyengar Iyengar died standing delegates and they also our country Canada um you know like like like like like like like okay got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great at such such such such such such a so um so you know well prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it it it it it it. It was it was it was it was it was it was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus I mean well well well well well well well well uh of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston Charleston Charleston Charleston Charleston Charleston. I uh okay so you know you know also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal Journal Journal Journal Journal Journal of the American College of clinical uh um so uh okay Pharmacy. Today. We're talking talking talking talking talking talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir uh so I mean like well for for for for for for all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an an an an an an so like uh I mean well emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center Center Center Center Center Center and has contributed several papers so so um okay I mean to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that that that that that that I you know okay I mean you know uh have. Um, I'm um, um, um, um, um, um, I'm um, I'm um, I'm um, I'm um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee and how you doing? I'm good so I mean um okay um how how how how how how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you you you you you you know, like uh you know um well it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I I I I I I felt I felt I felt I felt I felt I felt really stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid because I had to so uh you know you know I mean ask you you you you you you a question about leap year. What did you ask me to remember? We're um we're we're we're we're we're we're um we're um we're um we're um we're um well you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose dad dad dad dad dad dad like so uh like like his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad dad dad dad dad dad was only uh well uh so like like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought thought thought thought thought thought of that once that's interesting and um I mean um like um it's whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never I mean you know know know know know know well uh like thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on on on on on on the so like uh um uh 28th or today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. That's it's really um uh okay I mean well weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought well well well well well well so well you know like you were leaving for the night. I know I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd stick around a little bit. I well um you know okay okay know you you you you you you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess um um um um um um like I mean so I mean we'll guess we can use it like well as as as as as as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, I mean like um um I mean yeah, let's let's let's let's let's let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the um uh uh uh uh uh uh well well you know tea podcast just to see what we do on on on on on on this thing. Just talk just talk just talk just talk just talk just talk like you know know know know know know I mean so you know about whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I I I I I I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I thought you don't like like like like like like tea well I mean I mean uh so. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I like coffee. So it's so it's so it's so it's it's it's it's it's it's so it's so it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like uh like um um um um um um um so coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Earl Earl Earl Earl Earl um um uh you know I mean Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good good good good good good right? Yeah. I think uh like uh uh you know it's pretty good. What about about about about about about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? uh like uh I mean um I I I I I I truly like espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast uh um um um um um um like well like if it's just called just the tea, why don't we just named named named named named named ourselves you know um well well um those? Well, I don't know I do call call call call call call coffee. I was I was I was I was I was I was like why not uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know uh uh we can call it just the tea guys, but then then then then then then we're just two guys uh uh well well I mean been called just the the the the the the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted I I I I I I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted us well you know um so so so so so so like to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed with with with with with with so so uh um I mean Theology and interesting thoughts and just like like like like like like amazing Epic. Ders that ders that ders that ders that ders that ders that people people people people people people quote all so so like okay so the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no no no no no no different and Romans 1 we're well I mean so uh I mean dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question like you you you you you you know I mean like okay of is the law of God really written written written written written written on the human heart no matter um you know um I mean so where they're they're they're they're they're they're at. No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their I I I I I I mean well like uh uh lives and it's an incredible chapter it lists out out out out out out all the ways that well um like you know so we can act basically in in in in in in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks Hawks Hawks Hawks Hawks Hawks podcast so uh so um you know Hawk and loaded. I am I am I I I I I I am I am I am I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm breath stock well um like I mean so was there and I am am am am am am also here we are three and one after like I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh well a decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up up up up up up like well okay like um looking like it was going to be a blowout blowout blowout blowout blowout blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all you know like uh like well know know know know know know about that line and how it moved over the past past few days before you you you you you you know well okay um you know the game started. I talked myself out of I I I I I I talked myself out of taking the well well so okay like dragons spread of of of of of of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done um um um um um um you know so um um that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope nope nope nope nope nope um you know um like okay. That's not what it says show. I am the the the the the the rude Samantha and I you know okay uh so like cannot express to you you you you you you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes uh well like uh so with with with with with with you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're and we're and and and and and and we're and we're and we're and we're talking okay like so uh I mean mental health health health health health health. This is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we we we we we we talk um like you know you know um about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We so I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean so felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding so so so so so so well um okay uh mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session session session session session session I mean like like okay okay. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone is broken or something happened and we um so I mean you know well well well well well well couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put it it it it it it well like uh like so onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and and and and and and there's these little better at like you know you know so um things like clicks clicks clicks clicks clicks clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording actually so uh okay I I I I I I mean you know has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope hope hope hope hope hope that you still enjoy uh um uh so okay Listen to the podcast, please do do do do do do all right, we're families to feed. Let's so well I mean okay okay roll roll roll roll roll roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a okay well well well well well well okay uh so world where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't so don't so don't so don't so don't don't don't don't don't don't so don't miss out on your chance of getting you know you know um um um um um um uh uh in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack lack lack lack lack lack the um so uh um you know tools and the tactics how to to to to to to make your light shine bright enough to be hired um you know okay like like like like like like like. I am one of the few people in this world who got hired twice by you know know know know know know um well so uh McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this this this this this this podcast. I'm going you know well okay well I mean to share with you what what what what what what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 you know uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um um years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my my my my my my learnings go in well okay like you know well here and once you've you've you've you've you've you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very like like uh um so so so so so so cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
Sunday seems sunday seems sunday seems sunday seems sunday seems sunday seems to be be be be be be our day where we really try to get our act together well so well well well well well well well well before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy our um I mean like uh um time off on Saturdays and Sundays as as as as as as a family and we just got well like so okay so a lotta things that we we we we we we tend to do on the weekends. We're I mean um um you know so so so so so so busy but Sunday, especially given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you you you you you you I mean um I mean uh you know have any homework what needs to be done done done done done done for tomorrow? Get your clothes uh uh like well okay out clean your rooms. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder uh um uh okay you you you you you you know that we gotta get back to work and school tomorrow morning morning morning morning morning morning. I like teasing I mean you know you know I mean um my kids at at at at at at this time because it's a i you guys. I know that I mean like like like like like like uh you know I mean school is your favorite. You guys can't even wait to to to to to to go back and so like okay you know well like know I hate school school school school school school. I don't think they really do like I think you know well well okay okay okay okay okay okay uh they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite article article article article article article like well I mean so okay in this video. Now. If you guys did did did did did did not watch my other video about the uh okay uh um well indefinite articles, you you you you you you can always go back and watch that video as well in you know um well well well well well well you know like English. We have three articles. I know I know know know know know know I know I know I know I know that there are are are are are are some languages like Russian. I like so I mean you know okay want to say say say say say say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles any articles any articles any any any any any any articles any articles any articles at all. So sometimes like okay uh you know like like like like like like English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German that has I I I I I I uh uh so uh like think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for for for for for for myself as well like uh uh so an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's It's It's It's It's It's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so so well well well well well well I mean you know literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use we use use use use use use we use we use we use we use it for casual poor and well okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean well we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell tell tell tell tell tell the people I anchor so great okay I mean um like so one. It's free love love love love love love free big plus when it's free to you can only you know well like like like like like like okay like record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, Anchor, Anchor, Anchor, Anchor, Anchor, but I mean well so um so they'll also distribute your podcast to all the the the the the the streaming platforms that apple pie. It cast um I mean so um like like like like like like Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be short short short short short short and well you know like uh um on top of that you you you you you you can even make money off of this app. So it's you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you you you you you you can make money anchor will you know okay well I mean so automatically match match match match match match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with no minimum well like so so so so so so okay I mean amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to to to to to to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome so so so so so so uh uh like okay to the summer house after show we're looking at season season season season season season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I well like I mean okay I mean am your your your your your your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a lot to um um um um um um like um okay uh cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff to talk about and I mean um like well so we're just gonna go go go go go go straight through and talk about all the relationships and I've got some so uh so so so so so so I mean like fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the end for for for for for for that okay uh well uh okay and a fun little segment about who's crazier crazier crazier crazier crazier crazier then who and then we'll end it like you know you know okay well well well well well well off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are are are are are are going um well like okay okay to be doing a podcast to talk you you you you you you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and what okay well uh like um it means the the the the the the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali my co-host uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean uh and we will go through talk about what matters at each each each each each each position where the Panthers I mean okay you know so um stand in in in in in in terms of current players and what their potential options might be going I mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh I mean you know into free agency a little bit. And And And And And And then also what's important that position generally uh uh uh I mean like when when when when when when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to offer so so so so so so well you know so you know we will be going Each position group one by one one one one one one in the Box. The draft well uh so um I mean has that it looks looks looks looks looks looks to be a major part of how the Panthers you know well so uh well well well well well well go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope I hope I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope you enjoy um okay I mean you you you you you you know well this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try. We're We're We're We're We're We're quite good uh okay um uh okay the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode episode um okay so uh like includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that that that that that that some people may find offensive. We like we like we like we like we like like like like like like we like well okay okay uh advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an an an an an an eerie, October 9th in 1961 okay you know okay you know I I I I I I mean. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at at at at at at 3 a.m. On um um well so uh October 27th some night owl. Owls Owls Owls Owls Owls Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed I mean um you know like I I I I I I mean by a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if um like like like like like like you know um like she sees us watching we should close the blinds too too too too too too late. He's coming up the uh well um you know like lawn. Please have have have have have have you seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so um like like like like like like so like so sorry. I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I I I I I I didn't recognize you the police were just here. I know she um okay okay you you you you you you know I mean was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness uh uh okay you know well listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 9 9 9 9 9 year old Nathaniel should I mean uh I mean you know so have been been been been been been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned warned warned warned warned warned I mean okay okay like well him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on on on on on on his way. Hey like uh you know uh okay Nathaniel pulled the covers over his his his his his his head. Maybe if maybe if maybe if maybe if maybe if maybe if he he he he he he pretended well enough the I mean okay you know well like Sandman would leave leave leave leave leave leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing you know you know know know know know know you know you know I mean stay very still and keep his eyes closed his his his his his his heartbeat pounded in his ears as well like well you know I mean the door door door door door door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean um I know did you know that when milk is is is is is is start again when milk has you know okay okay okay okay come out of of of of of of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and you know you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh like blood in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom your your your your your your mom your mom your mom your mom your mom will join well so well okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean to do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk milk milk milk milk milk was just isn't there's um okay like I mean you know almond produce milk milk milk milk milk milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good smells good smells good good good good good good smells good smells good smells good doesn't matter coconut milk you know um okay uh I I I I I I mean is a thing. No could no could no could no could no could could could could could could no could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water you know uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh uh discussed. How can how can how can how can how can can can can can can how can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it like like like like like like I mean well okay okay. So drink so drink so drink so drink so so so so so so drink so drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would would would would would would it's you know okay like well uh disgusting. Do you do you do you do do do do do do you do you do you know what the problem is what you I I I I I I don't think I'm a well well um uh uh problem. I think you're the the the the the the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been okay so you know like so drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
Hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey people you want want want want want want your own podcast maker has an easy way to I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F um um um you know you know m-- to get started and you you you you you you know what? It's totally free just download the free well okay um well okay okay okay okay okay okay anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way okay okay okay okay okay okay like so I mean you know to your own podcast. You can have fun. You You You You You You can talk about whatever you want to you know so I mean so so so so so so okay talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you so so so so so so okay um uh well want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally totally totally totally totally totally free. Once again, go like uh okay okay okay to the get the the the the the the anchor app. I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- in you know uh okay I mean uh you on on on on on on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about about about about about about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss Florida's loss okay like uh uh well at Tennessee get into Florida's win at at at at at at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 and 11 ahead okay well um I I I I I I mean well of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The lone senior technically technically technically technically technically technically well you know well well I mean could be the last game for Scotty Scotty Scotty Scotty Scotty Scotty. Louis could be the last game um uh so um um for Dante pass it it it it it it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, I think okay I mean um um um um um um okay like in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take take take take take take some listener questions like um I mean okay uh. It's a fun show. We hope hope hope hope hope hope you guys enjoy it. You know, you know, you know, you know, you you you you you you know, you know, this is the fun so like okay well like time of of of of of of the year in our sport. This is March. Now we're from this week's sponsor for for for for for for I mean so uh like well the basketball. Our this week is brought to to to to to to you by anchor that's the platform I mean I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay well. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on on on on on on um so well like okay the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the the the the the the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries like I mean well uh I mean websites. It is is is is is is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your your your your your your daily devotion like like you know okay um matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all all all all all all today will be reading from Psalm chapter 31 you know so um like like like like like like um verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am in in in in in in trouble my you know uh you know um um eyes waste away with grief grief grief grief grief grief. Yes, my soul and my body for my life is okay I mean um you you you you you you know you know spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories stories stories stories stories stories that matter to well like so well like you and the other five members of of of of of of your improv troupe. Thanks as always for tuning in so well uh I mean you know with with with with with with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen to the show before hold on okay you know know know know know know I mean so okay to your floppy hats and get ready for the team and I I I I I I to bring you like okay well well well the story. Is affecting young people people people people people people and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production so like I mean like like like like like like okay team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like Like Like Like Like Like like you know you know okay well we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 that have caused trouble for the well you know so well well leader of of of of of of the USA chapter of the Ku Klux Klan. We're also we're also we're also also also also also also we're also we're also we're also joined by uh I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh well youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring you stories like is God God God God God God you know um okay I mean I mean real? Well, it well, it well, it it it it it it well, it well, it well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing you know um so so um great. Thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I I I I I I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I appreciate you taking the the the the the the okay okay you know I mean um time. It's been a little while since we've chatted chatted chatted chatted chatted chatted. So what have you been up uh I mean I mean so like to since your your your your your your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife decided so okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh well probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that we so so so so so so like um so uh would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're so so so so so so you know you know okay um getting a little better at life. I am am am am am am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode okay so you know you know I I I I I I mean. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more more more more more more to come you know well uh you know okay on that in a moment. But first first first first first first let's settle in with the sound of the like uh okay you know okay Bells Bells Bells Bells Bells Bells. Finding your finding your finding your finding your finding your finding your life's meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning is one of those things that can feel daunting and well like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh so or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's going on? on on on on on Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm uh uh um you know know know know know know okay one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan. What's you know you know you know I mean you know up guys? This is is is is is is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This okay well you know know know know know know um so is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait a second. Why uh uh okay uh okay didn't I get my last name introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced as well? All right Brady got his I I mean like uh so um um um um um um knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his um um um um um um uh I mean like well regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it it it it it it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan you jordan you jordan you jordan you you you you you you jordan you jordan you know uh like like you know Reese, here we go go go go go go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our first episode I mean so so so so so so like you know like of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about about about about about about a bunch of random um okay you know um well stuff. We're probably getting probably probably probably probably probably probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're doing this I mean so like well uh. Actually, let's start start start start start start with that. So to so to so to so to so to so to to to to to to begin with we will ask our good so like like um um old friend friend friend friend friend friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, welcome to to to to to to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk okay uh like I I I I I I mean um about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from from from from from from day-to-day entrepreneurs uh like well you know so. I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art art art art art art of this like um uh okay um is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? like you know uh um like Good Good Good Good Good Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward looking forward looking forward forward forward forward forward forward looking forward looking forward looking forward to this right well uh okay well so so so so so so now. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners like I I I I I I mean okay you know um are little bit of context or of what I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn you know uh you know um so the other day and and and and and and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so I mean well 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for for for for for for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis like like like like like like I mean you know uh you know Likens. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from from from from from from strange cat toys. We're here we're here we're here we're here we're here we're we're we're we're we're we're here for episode like um I mean so so 16. But first we want to to to to to to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker uh well like so you know know know know know know fide. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same like like like like like like well like um like for you. So if you want to check them out, make make make make make make sure to well okay like you know okay head over to sticker fidecom fidecom fidecom fidecom fidecom fidecom. Also, no also, no also, no also, no also, no also, no love City City City City City City the love City where you get uh so I mean well um the urban urban urban urban urban urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat at I I I I I I mean so so like you know checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order. That That That That That That is no love city.com. And um so you know you know um then also also also also also also SD prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products you know know know know know know you know okay I mean so for your booth tables website, whatever you you you you you you got they can make a product for you. You uh you uh you uh you uh uh uh uh uh uh you uh you uh like um well well can check them out at SD screen screen screen screen screen screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate operate operate operate operate operate in um well uh like I mean secret the details included in this this this this this this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately well uh uh uh uh can never never never never never never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of um um um um um um like okay you know like truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each each each each each each group to protect their you know like uh well well true goals and practices. On July July July July July July on July on July on July on July on July twenty first two thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy like you know like um uh activists gathered in Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators as an like um so so so so so so so okay expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys podcast you know so so so so so so so um well before we get this episode Ron. I really I really I really really really really really really I really I really I really do want to talk a little bit about um um um um um um okay like so you know anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a a a a a a script I will admit. So if you uh okay well you know well haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and uh uh well well you know edit your podcast right from your your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for okay I mean you you you you you you know I mean okay you. So it so it so it so it it it it it it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my my my my my my bad and I mean uh I mean okay uh many more you can make money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's okay uh you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling uh uh okay uh uh. Like a like a like a like a like like like like like like a like a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. So so like okay um I mean like you ready, but you got got got got got got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're back hello and welcome back Sue's of okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean um okay time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping helping helping helping helping helping me. I'm drinking I mean like I mean well so tea. This is my friend friend friend friend friend friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've um, I've um, I've um, I've um, I've um, I've known known known known known known the birdie I live well uh well uh so. Oh, yeah, if you you you you you you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird so okay like so so. He's He's He's He's He's He's gay. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off off off off off off like I mean so so you know as a disaster sweet peas fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of well so I mean you know know know know know know uh him. I love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a a a a a a parakeet. He's well so um well you know a little he's a budgie budgie and and and and and and like he's just tiny. He's very he's very he's very he's very he's very he's he's he's he's he's he's very tiny like so you know well I mean his little arthritic feet and he's he's he's he's he's he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel I'm Noel I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Noel I'm Noel I'm Noel I'm Noel boivin senior Communications um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia um like so uh well. And this and this and this and this and this this this this this this and this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to to to to to to well um uh well well connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or or or or or or HIPAA to the everyday you know okay um you know so work of the the the the the the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information well okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh so in this province. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume volume volume volume volume volume of personal information you know I mean I mean um you know. They collect and and and and and and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how so um you you you you you you know okay well our office can help. It's about it's about it's about it's about about about about about about it's about it's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust um um um um um um I mean you know uh well. Today, we're discussing a topic that hits home home home home home home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man man man man man man ride uh well you know you know well podcast. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was was was was was was little Foo Fighters. We had we had we had we had we had we had had had had had had go in there okay you know I mean like like my hero, which is the reason that that that that that that brought it up is because I was going over well you know I I I I I I mean I mean so all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today today today today today today it so uh okay you know you know is episode 39. This guy this guy guy guy guy guy guy this guy this guy this guy this guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and and and and and and we are um um like like you know recording two and one day and we we we we we we are so excited for our guest so okay I mean um like today. So So So So So So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know okay like like like like like like like like well where to find us. You can find us on Instagram at at at at at at Behavior bitches podcast um uh uh like you know on. Look at Behavior, but but but but but but just podcast or on a regular browser at wwwbeertownorg well you know so well well well well well well like. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit shit shit shit shit shit leave you know I mean like um you know that review and if if if if if if you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say uh okay so I I I I I I mean like it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now so now so now so so so so so so now so now so now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
The Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors women tell all all all all all all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay um like you know know know know know know uh I mean emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which which which which which which included her reading shockingly like you know okay I mean like racist DMS that I certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but uh uh uh so so both both both both both both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit you you you you you you know uh I mean um uh passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable unreasonable unreasonable unreasonable unreasonable unreasonable for the show to have its cake um so so um uh and eat it too too too too too too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username okay okay um so okay okay okay okay okay okay saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the the the the the the okay like I mean uh you know show taking no accountability for it was crap at at at at at at no point at The Bachelor so like like so you know show Runners are producers producers producers producers producers producers take any accountability for their role in um well you know like like like like like like um facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of of of of of of having okay so okay well so a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or or or or or or a happily ever after but every you know I mean so uh like single season there there there there there there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity like so so so so so so you know okay well and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like like like like like like to uh well so okay well encourage all of you to download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor Todd okay uh so um like FM to get started on on on on on on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I I I I I I had only known it like you know uh okay um so five ten years before early early early early early early because all I need to do is download the anchor well you know you you you you you you know like um. I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the I I I I I I mean uh I mean so you know job for me. It will it it it it it it will it will it will it will it will publish it in all the major major major major major major podcast sides. You so I mean I mean okay so know apps that are available available available available available available and I do not need to do anything well so uh well okay else else else else else else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make you you you you you you know so okay um uh use of it. If you have a message if you you you you you you have some come like well so like uh content, which you feel that that that that that that needs to reach out to the world or you know like like uh well well well well well well simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back like uh well um okay to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
Good morning. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope you're you're you're you're you're you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week on Choppers um well okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so. Every day every day every day every day every day every day day day day day day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history a heroin so I I I I I I mean I mean like okay heroines are women who do great things and a a a a a a remembered for their bravery and okay um you know uh uh achievements achievements achievements achievements achievements achievements. But first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, let's get get get get get get brushing the way. Our first our first our first our first our first our our our our our our first heroic woman lived a long long well I mean well okay okay time ago ago ago ago ago ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and she discovered something that um um um um um um okay well you know um changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying saying saying saying saying saying a woman ruler well okay well well okay like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She She She She She She ruled over ancient China with her husband Emperor uh well okay I mean okay Windy Windy Windy Windy Windy Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own um um um um um um I mean well uh okay bra the search for her killer would be a a a a a a daunting task for police resulting in a well you know okay so well questionable admission. If you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you enjoy this episode on the shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking murder of Betty Gale Brown uh uh so you know um and want want want want want want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every Tuesday um um um um um um um so so um follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some Some Some Some Some Some of history's most bewildering well uh so well you know murders follow unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the the the the the the well I mean you know so okay graphic nature of this murder case listener listener listener listener listener listener discretion is advised this episode includes so um so um um dramatizations and discussions of of of of of of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good good good good good good buddy Thomas real well uh uh so well Stone from the history of Otero Otero Otero Otero Otero Otero. I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce it, right that was was was was was was pretty good. Actually well well you know okay um. Yeah, that was pretty good good good good good good. It was pretty good history of New Zealand uh I mean well like I I I I I I mean podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what what what what what what you've been so okay so well you know working on and what we're going going going going going going to be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, like um uh um so my my my my my my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind the you know know know know know know uh uh well well history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much much much much much much a does what it I mean you know okay um okay says on the the the the the the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore well okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean I mean how the chakra system can help you change your mind mind mind mind mind mind to change your body to well like um okay I mean change your life. Hi everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. How's it going? I am doing great uh um I mean I mean uh. It's It's It's It's It's It's kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on on on on on on okay uh like like like a Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and and and and and and now I'm confused as you know okay uh so um to what day day day day day day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday um I mean you know um so. Does that ever happen to you? I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think it's so funny. You You You You You You know like I mean okay you know you know like you think like all day. It's It's It's It's It's It's Tuesday and then you discover well I mean well I mean so that it's it's it's it's it's it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's happening in my world today. We're you you you you you you know I mean you know I mean you know carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris with with with with with with you today like uh so you know I mean. We said that we'd be be be be be be adding these specials special podcast seeing through the offseason and I mean so you know so so so so so so I mean that we're definitely starting with a very very good special on first off off off off off off. So we all well okay well I mean well like to get a bit bit bit bit bit bit of an insight into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs okay um like you know so so so so so so no real introduction to those day our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the so so so so so so um so so I mean games in the City of Angels of Allah and and and and and and in London, So he I mean like so so okay is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my my my my my my um so okay so you know firm or see my portfolio head head head head head head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge uh well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean well fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day day day day day day okay you know I mean um I mean long as you might know Spotify has a a a a a a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic you know you know so well you know know know know know know including the one you're listening to right now. You can you can you can can can can can can you can you can you can listen to all of like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You You You You You You can follow your favorite um you know um so okay podcast. So you never never never never never never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to I mean well well well well well well so so okay offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to to to to to to with your friends on uh like uh you know uh Instagram. Haven't done so so so so so so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers uh like so well um um um um um um podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make also, also, also, also, also, also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make sure I mean you know know know know know know well okay like to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
Right joined right joined right joined right joined right joined right joined by manager Steve Steve Steve Steve Steve Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve um well uh well okay firstly with with with with with with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the I mean mean mean mean mean mean well so so you know mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to to to to to to be fair. It's okay so well like you know been good for months really pleased with with with with with with the performance. And I kind of knew it okay okay uh uh so was going to to to to to to be a bit like that. But until we sort of um uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay broken down loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the the the the the the goals well like so so um were very very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't yet spoken about that. They plan well um uh okay um to you tonight was Jeb Jeb Jeb Jeb Jeb Jeb. What have what have what have what have what have what have you made of him him him him him him so far? Capital K um so uh uh so JP will get better better better better better better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that that that that that that so um well so um were friends and they wanted to start start start start start start a podcast and they were asking me well uh okay I mean like how how how how how how we do it how we get it out there how we record it uh okay I I I I I I mean I mean um. And you know, thankfully I was able to tell them them them them them them about anchor which if I mean well I mean okay um we would have had when when when when when when we first started out this would have been way um um you know so so so so so so um way easier and it's much easier. It is it is it is it it it it it it is it is it is now gotten super easy, you know, so you know you you you you you you know you know well you know anchor is by far the easiest way to to to to to to make a podcast it gives um like okay you know okay you everything you need need need need need need. In one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools so so uh uh uh uh uh uh like well or any fancy recording equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and and and and and and uh I mean like okay uh edit it on your phone right there free. It's It's It's It's It's It's free. It's free. So well uh you know well like it gives you all all all all all all the creation tools. You need to edit it to make okay you know like like like like like like um uh it sound good which you know, if we didn't have a background and recording, recording, recording, recording, recording, recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean we've recorded.
What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest um uh uh uh uh uh uh well so so way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record well so um I mean um and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast I mean well uh like I mean for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh like um can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, and it's everything you okay okay okay I mean I mean need to make a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app so um okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this this this this this this is Donnie uh like you know okay you know Nelson. Back podcast back back back back back back podcast back podcast back podcast back podcast back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't don't don't don't don't don't know acting no Samuel Jackson so um you know uh um the ball, you know that that that that that that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put you put you put you you you you you you put you put you put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm great. How um I mean I mean like you know are you doing? Brett very well well well well well well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story um uh well you know know know know know know well and I love for you to share it with a lot of people you you you you you you know um uh I mean um. Yeah, thank you. I'm so excited that you're you're you're you're you're you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long you know like uh okay well well well well well well overdue and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to to to to to to continue uh you know well you know okay to follow along in the future future future future future future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we have such great um well like like like like like like okay like conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where where where where where where you are and like like you know well you know what drives you you you you you you and what motivates you and all those sorts of things. I think so you you you you you you know you know well you know is so important to share and I've had great great great great great great conversations with a lot of really um well um I mean so good coaches. And And And And And And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty certainty certainty certainty certainty certainty of Steel media um okay um uh well marks the boundary where reality and and and and and and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect to die you know so like like uh uh uh uh uh uh out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more more more more more more money D20 radio you know uh like I mean so where Gamers roll D20 radiocom radiocom radiocom radiocom radiocom radiocom. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, welcome back ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls okay uh I mean like okay to Squad tactical. Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, we are going to have a really fun episode this week um like I I I I I I mean um you know because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our our our our our our uh like okay okay uh app to help companies get control of their email email email email email email for this episode really excited to like um well uh I mean have one of of of of of of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce so like well well well well well well like so yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One One One One One One of um um I mean I mean um the biggest names in construction. I think my my my my my my name is probably used a lot in you know okay um um uh construction construction construction construction construction construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So so So so So so so so so so so So so So so So I'm Judith Hackett. I uh I uh I uh uh uh uh uh uh I uh I uh I uh like I mean well okay chaired the independent review review review review review review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well the Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations themselves had allowed well you know so so like such poor practice to creep into into into into into into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at so um so like uh grenfell grenfell grenfell grenfell grenfell grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to to to to to to you know so uh I mean so be doing this. I mean decent decent decent decent decent decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a bit you know I mean um so I I I I I I mean irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit hit hit hit hit hit 20,000 subscribers. So like um okay well okay if you are a subscriber make sure sure sure sure sure sure you know, you feel you feel like uh you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So well well well well well well so okay um so I'd like to first and foremost say a big thank thank thank thank thank thank you to look like well uh you know like for a line it to be possible possible possible possible possible possible if you haven't Started checking out you know okay like okay well my Ting rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking with mating taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as okay um um um um um um um well well well start. Do I need to spell out to you why why why why why why you need to start um uh so um um listening to that YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube content come on now but away from all of that as you okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so you know uh look normal. I wouldn't say a lots happened in in in in in in football, but a lot has um so you know okay okay happened. You've You've You've You've You've You've seen you've seen you've seen you've seen you've seen you've seen key caucus caucus caucus caucus caucus caucus steal. The leads the leads the leads the leads the leads the leads leads leads leads leads leads keep our band for eight uh so like uh um games and get a fine fine fine fine fine fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, sorry oh, sorry oh, sorry oh, sorry oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR HR HR HR HR HR I mean well so like okay leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do do do do do do digital. It needs it needs it needs it needs it needs it needs to to to to to to be digital. It's simply like you know you know uh so has to put another another another another another another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater so you know like like like like like like so I mean business value. This episode is a break from our usual format format format format format format. It features a okay like okay okay okay panel discussion, which took place at the the the the the the recent people analytics and future um uh well like I mean of work conference conference conference conference conference conference in San Francisco. The discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the the the the the the discussion was titled HR skills of the you know I mean uh uh okay future future future future future future and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at like like like like like like uh uh you know you know UC Berkeley having spent six years previously is global global global global global global head of people strategy analytics I mean so okay okay um learning and operations operations operations operations operations operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people uh um um um um um um um you know okay analytics boober and is a previous guest on the show Andy and and and and and and Bailey managing director like um like um I mean of my HR future who previously previously previously previously previously previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going to be talking about taking control. Per so um um um um se se se se se se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we I I I I I I mean um I mean uh um take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There There There There There There are multiple ways that can kick you down I mean like I mean you know know know know know know so. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right now now now now now now. And um and um and um and um and um and um uh I I I I I I mean well okay that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of of of of of of life. It is the so like like uh um branch of the biology that deals deals deals deals deals deals with the normal functions of a living organism and okay well uh okay you you you you you you know its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking about is how like um uh so well refers to your emotions and how how how how how how it is an extension of You feel emotions like okay well well okay okay okay okay okay okay are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger like well uh um um um um um um I mean and fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind kind kind kind kind kind of the okay like you know you know um main ones. We think these emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
So the so the so the so the so the so the podcast is really really really really really really rolling now and enough so that we have our I mean well like I I I I I I mean okay first sponsor. Our first our first our first our first our first first first first first first our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I mean I I I I I I mean okay well so I use stencil plus with my business. They made a a a a a a handicap logo for me so you know like like uh amongst other custom logos and and and and and and different things for me as well. They have the uh okay um okay like like like like like like lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can can can can can can I mean like okay um um have a free company logo stencil made free and and and and and and they have lots of cool you know well like well well Social Media Media Media Media Media Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose you know know know know know know well um uh you know from and they can create anything if they don't don't don't don't don't don't have it already. So if you I mean uh uh so so have something very very very very very very custom you want made they will work with you and they listen you know know know know know know I mean uh um okay to their customers needs of what they want what they they they they they they need to work with like well well uh uh. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 20 20 20 20 20 coming your way um well uh so well. And thanks again last week to Lugosi Lugosi Lugosi Lugosi Lugosi Lugosi. We had a great chat and I really I mean well well so so so so so so I mean enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and and and and and and usurping, you know, so so I mean like uh my numbers are good. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you very much and were small but we're we're good so well so um well. We're We're We're We're We're We're happy we're happy we're happy we're happy we're happy we're happy and as I I I I I I always say to people I do this because I love the okay so like like like like like like uh um band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with them and uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well so okay seeing how to do see if we are are are are are are kind of similar in any way like you know so uh so in in in in in in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So thanks um um um um um um uh um you know you know for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about about about about about about okay okay okay like you know starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If If If If If If you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about about about about about about anchor so um you know you know you know is the easiest way to to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right from your I mean you know um um um phone or computer. They'll distribute your your your your your your podcast for you. So you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you can be heard uh um so well uh on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast. No um well like I I I I I I mean uh minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place. So okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay um like well well well well well well so download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like well. Hey, do you want to join in on the excitement Live join join join join join join me every I mean um so well uh Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On On On On On On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make I mean okay you know know know know know know like uh it check out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time time time time time time every I mean uh okay so um Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn learn learn learn learn learn tips and techniques on the car buying um okay okay so well process process process process process process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know sponsors the ones who make all this possible shout-out to to to to to to the hosting site. Anchor anchor okay you know so um uh is basically this this this this this this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own so so so so so so um like you know so podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all all all all all all the distribution. So basically once I mean you know uh so you know you upload your podcast to to to to to to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google you know so so so so so so you know so you know to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at at at at at at once you upload it um uh okay um um to Anchor or if you want want want want want want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
Hello, so hello, so hello, so hello, so hello, so hello, so turns out that people people people people people people do actually want to listen to what I have to okay like uh um um um um um um well say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what what what what what what I I mean you know well I mean you know ever say, so there's a a a a a a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on board and you know so um well well well well well well um I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are going to to to to to to like well okay um okay go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing and like note books and stationery and you know so okay so okay stuff and and and and and and lists. So I've done list of how I want it to pan out uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean I mean you know whether or not it pans out like that that that that that that is another story because I um so so well you know can be be be be be be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see but I want um so so so so so so you know um okay you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're you're you're you're you're you're driving. If uh okay okay you know so you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ridge Ford in uh well like I mean well London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, like okay I mean I mean okay March March March March March March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a it's a a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a little um so well like so pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the well well well well well well like uh so uh Leafs loss in San Jose. But hey, but hey, but but but but but but hey, but hey, but hey, but hey, that's okay. They had they had they had they they they they they they had they had they had won three in a um so like well you know know know know know know row prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um well uh have to sort of reflect on the fact that that that that that that the Leafs won three games you know you know like I mean you know in in in in in in. Road that we're key games against teams that were at least on par well um like so so so so so so um with them Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them them them them them them in the um like you know well okay Atlantic division and Vancouver who was battling for for for for for for a playoff spot in the um um okay well okay Western Conference. They come come come come come come up against the team and they play three teams on this you know I I I I I I mean um like well west coast swing that are out of it that are basically, basically, basically, basically, basically, basically, you know, playing out the you know um um you know uh string and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the um um um um um um well okay I mean um topic of today's newsletter is going to be what women women women women women women are attracted to in Men you know I mean so like like. In other other other other other other words. What are what are what are what are what are what are are are are are are the things? What are the triggers? What are the like uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay things that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is is is is is is it that like okay so well uh they like so we can exhibit this kind of of of of of of behavior obviously to like like well um so attract women. Well first things things things things things things first that we got understand about women is number you know uh um well so so so so so so one. There are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women I I I I I I mean well okay like like want to be in a love story. They want want want want want want they want they want they want they want they want to just randomly randomly randomly randomly randomly randomly run into some so uh you know I mean okay dude in the supermarket or or or or or or the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just okay like um so so so so so so okay obviously it happens in such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
Hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody and and and and and and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce you know so I I I I I I mean uh uh our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking for the like like um uh like bag. And the reason why we picked that name, name, name, name, name, name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory okay you know um I mean uh. Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags of cured cured cured cured cured cured like you know like like like. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal goal goal goal goal goal is to make money off well well I mean like you know this this this this this this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing this for my I mean well so so so so so so well okay love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with with with with with with my I mean I mean you know uh uh voice Okay, we see see see see see see what we see what Carson over here is in uh well like like okay okay okay okay okay okay it for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this this this this this this business you know okay like uh uh. Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice of of of of of of well I mean like so I mean someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi. Do you want to do the so you know so you know uh show? Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes or no after my nap. What do what do what do what do what do do do do do do what do you mean if you're an app you uh um you know um so so so so so so just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction to get well so like so uh her ready and that's it. Are we talking talking talking talking talking talking about? Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, we we we we we we choose a so like you know uh okay subject but we don't use the the the the the the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex you know you know I I I I I I mean well so show almost every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at at at at at at 5 p.m. EST you know like well well you know on my head. Here we go go go go go go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody like okay you know well um um um um um um doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is this is this is this is this this this this this this is this is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your now your your your your your your now your now your now your now your host the I mean um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh um man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're We're We're We're We're We're going okay you know well I mean uh to talk about the seven benefits of taking taking taking taking taking taking a cold shower. This is really about something called um I mean um um um um um um um okay cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for for for for for for just I mean I mean I mean okay well a very small amount amount amount amount amount amount of time because it's a very very cold to me um well like okay okay okay okay okay okay like. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really really really really really really based on this uh okay like like uh word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, scenes, scenes, scenes, scenes, scenes, what does that that is a situation where you're adding a um well like okay okay okay okay okay okay you know low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create create create create create create a beneficial effect you know well well well um. There's a lot of things things things things things things that can create this effect. This is called hormetic effect, I mean um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis analysis analysis analysis analysis analysis podcast and I mean uh um I mean uh is not affiliated with with with with with with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember you know so I I I I I I mean so well to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel feel feel feel feel feel free to read like like so okay I mean along with us. If you if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or or or or or or disorders, we well like uh um well suggest you stick to the audio. We have have have have have have free audio transcriptions for this podcast linked I mean you know like okay so in in in in in in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's well I I I I I I mean I mean like I mean are trained writers and editors. So we're we're we're we're we're we're going to have some opinions about the well I mean well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're uh um um um um um um like I mean like not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe safe safe safe safe safe for um okay well you know uh work. And if you're a minor we ask ask ask ask ask ask that you wait to listen until you were old enough okay uh you you you you you you know like so to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension condescension condescension condescension condescension condescension. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time to go to hell.
what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the I mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know I mean so podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah show and today we'll be like like so like uh talking about Dan for sure. Basically Basically Basically Basically Basically Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You you know well you know you you you you you you know um don't know me as your own cloud. She might she might she might might might might might might she might she might she might say this for the cloud money money money money money money uh uh well uh you know days we could dance for the cloud bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch don't so today we well you know like so I mean have done for sure. He is is is is is is the big talker. He is he is he is he is he is he is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
Oh, hello. Again, you're again, you're again, you're again, you're again, you're again, again, again, again, again, again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay like like start brushing on the top of your mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth on one side and brush the so like like well um inside the outside image showing showing showing showing showing showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where like okay uh um like every every every every every every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight you you you you you you know okay so uh so. We're talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my my my my my my mom. No, your no, your no, your no, your no, your no, your mom's I I I I I I mean uh like you know you know cool, but we're actually talking about an athlete named named named named named named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah so I mean um so um that makes sense. Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny I mean you know know know know know know uh well well was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold Gold Gold Gold Gold Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned turned turned turned turned turned on the so well like I mean well news the voice of anchor Walter Walter Walter Walter Walter Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil uh um you know like like like like like like like Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo 11 11 11 11 11 11 like you know I mean like so moon landing was being filmed live from space the the the the the the ship had a built-in Custom-made camera um so you know you know so transferring its signal signal signal signal signal signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different like um okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was was was was was was over so well well uh well and Apollo 11 made it safe return return return return return return to Earth the Studio's packed up okay so I mean so okay the the the the the the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor um you know uh I mean um is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of best of best of best of best of of of of of of best of all, it's so I mean I mean well I mean a a a a a a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can match you with so so so so so so like I mean I mean okay great spot. So you want to advertise advertise advertise advertise advertise advertise on your podcast. That means you can get okay okay okay um um um um um um well paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing right now now now now now now by I mean okay um well uh reading sad I said it before but you you you you you you know, we love using incre you so well I mean well you know can can can can can can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's very easy to uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean I mean well you know, Trim the starting and end points if if if if if if you want to cut out some, so okay okay uh so you know dead are are are are are are very easy to do that as well. So, you so, you so, you so, so, so, so, so, so, you so, you so, you know, you know like um well so if you've always wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to start a podcast and make money doing it go okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / / / / / / start Let's Roll whole you know okay well so like ruin the lives lives lives lives lives lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess and guess guess guess guess guess guess and guess and guess and guess and guess what like well you know I I I I I I mean well we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If If If If If If you're looking to host your um I mean I mean like uh own podcast. This This This This This This is the easiest free way to get started this got so uh um so like like like like like like a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from a you know know know know know know uh I mean you know like phone. It's right don't even need a a a a a a computer, but you can do it there too. They'll I mean well so okay okay okay okay okay okay like also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you know know know know know know want to mess I mean so um so uh with that. They got you you you you you you covered and get it right on a Spotify and apple podcast you know uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um like as well as any other place podcast or founds founds founds founds founds founds And you know what, you can um well I mean like I mean monetize it to to to to to to make a little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know like like. You need you need you need you need you you you you you you need you need to make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know well well well well well well okay so okay um what head over to your app store download the anchor a a a a a a poor head anchored on so you know so uh so FM to get started. If If If If If If you're ready to launch your podcast and make well well so um like it it it it it it happen. This is this is this is this is this is this is Reuben Reuben Reuben Reuben Reuben Reuben of the cheek. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is wien amazing amount. You're like uh well so I mean listening to the London is blue blue blue blue blue blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to to to to to to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me um okay so um you know know know know know know donphan or smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said said said said said said well um um well so is your actual name. Do you remember what the actual name name name name name name of that? Pokemon is pokemon is pokemon is pokemon is pokemon is pokemon is well well well well well well you know so like um ho ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make make make make make make a Supercut of how many okay so like well I mean different names you called called called called called called ho over the course of the season because there's been at okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean um well least ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at at at at at at one point now, like um okay I mean I mean I'll remember it because because because because because because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - - - - - - oh - oh - oh - oh - oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join Rabbi well okay I I I I I I mean I mean um Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish Jewish Jewish Jewish Jewish Jewish spiritual teaching and practice and guides you know like I mean like okay us on a a a a a a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine. I you I I I I I I you I you I you I you I you know so you know um um um um um um like want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's that's that's that's that's that's very close uh I mean like uh okay to my heart. It's based on on on on on on a mission of that says that if you know like uh okay um you you you you you you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of of of of of of dozing well so so like okay off noonim noonim. It's almost it's almost it's it's it's it's it's it's almost it's almost it's almost it's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk talk talk talk talk talk about well well I mean you know I mean anchor if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast um like okay I I I I I I mean okay. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to record and edit your you know um like so so podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it you know like uh like you know know know know know know can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie apple pie apple pie apple pie pie pie pie pie pie apple pie apple pie case and many more you can make um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you you you you you you need to make a uh okay I mean okay uh podcast in one place place place place place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take take take take take take care I mean you know um like so of we're talking about some internal internal internal internal internal internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some She-Hulk rumors some so well so you you you you you you know like Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to to to to to to do some like you know like I mean you know fan casting for Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor all okay you know um um um um um um okay um that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to welcome to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to popcorn top featuring movie uh you know like like like like like like you know um discussion news and interview. We talk we talk we talk we talk we we we we we we talk we talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie so um um uh uh uh uh uh uh so afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our our our our our our movie so like so like like news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood will explain that one I mean like okay well um later. Yeah, we have anything anything anything anything anything anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make it'll make it'll make it'll make it'll make it'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual um uh okay um okay and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like like like like like like the shift from 3D okay um well uh okay divide D Consciousness the nature of of of of of of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the like like okay I mean so so so so so so akashic records all. All the all the all the all the all the all the the the the the the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today uh okay um like like like like like like like. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful well well well well well well uh you know uh um being welcome back to another episode of third eye eye eye eye eye eye Awakening. Thank you so much for um okay um okay you know being here here here here here here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before we get started I I I I I I mean like okay uh like. If you if you if you if you if if if if if if you if you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most most most most most most influential you know like like uh I mean wedding brand. Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today you know well uh so so so so so so uh it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just just just just just just talk to uh I mean I mean I mean uh yourself about yourself in in in in in in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, um um I mean you know like like like like like like we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we we we we we we had a break up I mean uh okay like okay our waffle and today's episode very very very very very very interesting. We're talking about how to plan a wedding um you know um like well well well well well well when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off planning planning planning planning planning planning well okay uh I mean you know a wedding when you've got got got got got got small children and a some elements of planning a I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean so um wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off you you you you you you know like okay I mean uh and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the the the the the the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh are recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that that that that that that we I mean well you know I mean like will share on this podcast intro intro intro intro intro intro song says that that that you're good. It's the intro uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're We're We're We're We're We're not in uh so so well um our basement at our home. Hey, that's that's that's that's that's that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome okay welcome okay welcome okay welcome okay welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome okay welcome okay so so uh um. Welcome. Thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part part part part part part well uh uh okay um of your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always always always always always always so grateful you know okay uh like um Brooke less so but me because my my my my my my heart is full. I'm way I'm way I'm way I'm way I'm way I'm way way way way way way more thankful well you know I mean like um. We are we are we are are are are are are we are we are we are this episode's gonna be a little different different different different different different. I might sound a little different so uh like uh okay Brooks coffin into into into into into into the mic that might be a little different right I mean uh so well like like like like like like because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man so like uh uh so so so so so so Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this begin this begin begin begin begin begin begin this begin this begin this begin this Thursday, March 5th like um so um um um um um um I mean or reminder to everybody. We will we will we will we will we will will will will will will we will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And you know like you you you you you you know well well as we go through the spring, there's going to be a a a a a a break again okay okay well you know uh after that first practice, but as we we we we we we go through the spring, we will I mean like so you know okay try to hit as as as as as as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that so okay you you you you you you know okay um are open to the media how many we have Tim we we we we we we have five open by Focus so okay you know okay like and the the the the the the Beauties. They're all they're all they're all they're all they're all they're all full because because because because because because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new like so like well okay facility, so so so so so so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um. I think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to to to to to to get a I mean like I mean I mean uh or an hour to get her her her her her her practice report out afterwards either because you like okay uh so well can do a a a a a a little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, actually, yeah, actually, yeah, actually, actually, actually, actually, actually, actually, yeah, actually, yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set um okay uh okay I mean up up up up up up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans fans fans fans fans fans. Favorite well okay you know you know well pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results results results results results results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end there um so um uh well invincibles invincibles invincibles invincibles invincibles invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this you you you you you you know okay you know well well week for the second time. This season this this this this this this season this season this season this season this season is gold head of news news news news news news and features Peter Staunton. Last well okay so okay so time you came on on on on on on your above Dave despite not touching your team since game week so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean well um one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about 3.7 million. In the well uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh like world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think think think think think think out of you know, well okay you know uh like all the people that that that that that that are still interested. I used to interested though well-known well well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. I get the impression you're not from from the fact you have a I mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know um uh lot of players on your team you are playing playing playing playing playing playing. Well the problem there was The uh okay I mean uh I mean League League League League League League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you you you you you you I mean so uh I mean I mean guys. So we just got a a a a a a letter so for you here, we wanted to okay so I mean okay you you you you you you know talk about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few few few few few few days well so you know uh like since the finale and couple things things things things things things we want to talk about before the reunions like okay well okay I mean show show show show show show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, know, know, know, know, know, take I mean um well uh I mean up too much time in the the the the the the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is like um you know know know know know know okay well swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now now now now now now that well uh I mean uh like they can be open and doing doing doing doing doing doing you know, you definitely see certain couples well well I mean um okay out there on on on on on on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to you know know know know know know okay uh like uh talk about what we found out since the show and how how how how how how we feel about I mean like um uh you know it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new the all-new the all-new all-new all-new all-new all-new all-new the all-new the all-new the all-new Fierce family of okay I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay like fragrances gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to to to to to to like so you know well you know Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back back back back back back. Then I mean like you had um well you know you know like they were were were were were were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you know, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um and I think there's a larger conversation to be be be be be be had about, you know, the the okay uh well so like death of of of of of of the black church in the black community. E in the role that played played played played played played uh okay like you know so in the type of singers that you hear, you know, know, know, know, know, know, you don't really hear like shouters so so you know um like or belters, belters, belters, belters, belters, belters, you know, there's a few here but every now and again probably I mean like like like like like like you know well I mean last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't can't can't can't can't can't definitely fantastic. It's like - that's I mean so I mean I mean I I I I I I mean the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just those big big big big big big voices, like so so um well I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where so so so so so so like like I mean I mean we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment of um you know I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block I I I I I I mean I mean okay like you know leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and and and and and and you can find me at the ER ite I mean like okay uh like like like like like like etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your your your your your your fitness so I mean well well uh goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing the biblical approach to Fitness and like okay well I mean okay Nutrition. So So So So So So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on um you you you you you you know okay I mean uh track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of of of of of of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about about about about about about well like okay uh like the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the the the the the the wisdom of well so uh I mean okay a mentor to help us focus on what what what what what what matters and avoid costly mistakes well like uh like uh yet, too often finding that person person person person person person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then well okay like like well well well well well well if we do find them then on the other side of the world I mean like like like like like like well okay like or is too expensive or they just don't have the time time time time time time. I've been mentoring people you know um well you know you know now for for for for for for over 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this well so okay okay okay okay okay okay well like year. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I mean okay like like like like like like um like I can help more people. So I have created an an an an an an online community called um I mean um okay okay the mentorship group here. You'll be you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be able to to to to to to join me live for monthly group mentorship uh uh uh like you know sessions. You can ask ask ask ask ask ask me questions anything you like whatever you are in the world well well well well well well well well um like for a fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You You You You You You can you can you can you can you can you can be part of this new intimate conversational.
What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and so so so so so so um uh like okay on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading downloading downloading downloading downloading downloading. Reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and listening to you you you you you you know so I mean okay you know our show. We hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and I mean well I mean you you you you you you know um review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going going going going going going on? Arkansas uh you know I mean uh um Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to to to to to to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband um uh like like like like like like um like here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will will will will will will be discussing like uh I mean um you know brocco ton. 10:59 before we we we we we we get started on today's death. I just want so okay well I mean like to to to to to to share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We you know know know know know know like okay okay uh really looked at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone who's been learning well like uh you know um along with us over the the the the the the past. It'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be 60 60 60 60 60 60 plus days if you are uh okay like uh uh interested in sharing a a a a a a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or well well well well well well uh I mean uh I mean something that we've learned together, please send us us us us us us a message through our Facebook page or um you know you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh Whatsapp group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists um um um um um um um okay well uh. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio audio audio audio audio audio version I mean well okay I mean I mean of video that we originally published on YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube here for your listening convenience I mean so uh you know uh. If you if you you you you you you if you if you if you if you like this show, please do consider leaving us us us us us us a review or ever you know so you know well well get your podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. That would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon well uh uh uh uh uh uh well well you know Whistler you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video video video video video video today, we're looking at the I mean uh okay uh okay top 10 real-life real-life real-life real-life real-life real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Munich Munich Munich Munich Munich Olympics Massacre well so um uh uh of Israeli athletes. The hapless the hapless the the the the the the hapless the hapless the hapless the hapless victim was innocent and had nothing okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know um I mean to do with the terrorist attack. And the the the the the the murder was just another blunder by a well well so um you know country country country country country country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious egregious egregious egregious egregious egregious Errors you know I mean like uh so By secret agencies and here here here here here here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just so uh you know know know know know know um uh before you get into the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts the like um so you know uh long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll podcast. We talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked about extension extension extension extension extension extension crises, I mean like so like you know alcoholism and ambition the value of of of of of of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art uh um um like you know know know know know know is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so so okay well I I I I I I mean well happy that you reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to to to to to to see you so like uh I mean okay. It's been many years. So I've been looking forward forward forward forward forward forward to this for a very long you know uh okay I mean okay time time time time time time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was I was I was I was I was I was thinking on the way here.
This is a podcast from expat International today. We will we will we will we we we we we we will we will we will be talking about child uh uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh well sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of of of of of of a Bill, that so you know so uh so would have disposed the sentences of of of of of of child sex offenders if they married their victims in response so you know so so so so so so um like to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 the government government government government government government I mean okay like you know so announced plans for a similar new bill to to to to to to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing paper okay you know um well um. I likes likes likes likes likes likes I likes I likes I likes I likes I likes these whirring events in its calls calls calls calls calls calls for the government to address the enduring uh you know so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly podcast you you you you you you know so uh uh uh and I want to thank you for listening liking liking liking liking liking liking and subscribing as so far and okay um I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a a a a a a mistake so okay okay well like on the Caroline Flack part where I was was was was was was talking about the meme she put out uh uh I mean um so and and and and and and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it that I mean um um um um um um I mean well okay I said be nice. It's not it's not it's not it's not not not not not not it's not it's not a big mistake. It's not it's not it's not it's not not not not not not it's not it's not a big difference, but I mean well um you know know know know know know you know You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to to to to to to set it well well okay well like right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to to to to to to do you know well I mean uh okay the top 10 that we we we we we we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do uh uh uh like like like like like like like it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis Marquis Marquis Marquis Marquis Marquis birthday so like okay okay you know. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica to to to to to to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's well let's well let's well let's well well well well well well let's well let's well um so like um say somebody just why is it it it it it it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat fat fat fat fat fat snare like I mean uh well um drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of of of of of of my conversation with Dan Bailey where we discuss so you know okay so uh five things things things things things things to avoid when working on a session for an artist Dan is you know know know know know know like you know you know well a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's who's who's who's who's who's played with Father John Misty first like uh like like uh aid aid aid aid aid aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that I I I I I I mean like um okay um Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own own own own own own Studio track land okay you know I mean I mean you know in Orange Orange Orange Orange Orange Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning I I I I I I mean well um you know um and ultimately recording a drum kit. He does does does does does does this all in real time, which is okay well well so um um um um um um rare. So you so you so you so you so you so you see see see see see see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part okay okay um like like like like like like well two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications applications applications applications applications applications. You can you can you can you can you can you can I mean um um um um um um so like so check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e e e e e e whycom you know so uh okay you know. And check them out on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry deal okay like I mean I mean uh. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are are are are are are I'm one glass of you know, you know like like so uh Verde. I'm two glasses glasses glasses glasses glasses glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 495 495 495 495 495 it's well well uh you know you know worth. It's always on the bottom shelf shelf shelf shelf shelf shelf. It always takes me a really long time to okay okay okay okay you you you you you you know But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not not not not not not like okay you know I mean so like you can be like, excuse me. Where's the the the the the the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you so like um so okay know Verde white white white white white white wine is green wine. That vinho that vinho that vinho that vinho that vinho that that that that that that vinho Verde is green. Is it I mean I mean like well uh uh uh uh uh uh the greed wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which so so so so so so um like um so is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past past past past past past. Thank you. My guest um so I mean okay I mean today is is is is is is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me to share um I mean well well well well well well I mean well her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so so so so so so grateful for uh I mean you know like uh this opportunity to spend time with with with with with with her and talk about her story and like um well uh um forty three three three three three three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well um was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just just just just just just so fun uh well um um well to be around even to this day day day day day day. She is still full of life uh so um um you know and so are are are are are are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for like you know know know know know know okay um okay people and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank thank thank thank thank thank well, thank well, thank well, thank well, thank well, thank you so like um um um um um um um uh you know much for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sitting down well like like okay I mean with actor on my heart for a a a a a a long time. You know him from these you know I mean you know well well well well well well uh various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power you you you you you you know um um uh I mean of methadone Mac on still game since then, then, then, then, then, then, he's been in a lots of things like like you know well um um um um um um um car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose whose whose whose whose whose wait whose wait whose wait whose wait whose wait whose farm with so so so so so so so um uh okay a few Detective Mike clock. And he's and he's and he's and and and and and and he's and he's and he's a really good actor. He's a he's a he's he's he's he's he's he's a he's a he's a he's a really well so so you know um good good good good good good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. Hey was um so um like you know that you're looking at and y'all love love love love love love this so much we had to you know, bring it well well so like like like like like like like back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What is is is is is is what is what is what is what is what is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine how entertaining will you know I mean like uh uh be when you are watching us us us us us us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with Steven watching so so like you you you you you you know like Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on electric electric electric electric electric electric. Now. How do um like you know so you know you get electric now? You You You You You You download you download you download you download you download you download distro TV stir TV TV TV TV TV TV Zumo TV and soon the you know well I mean so um electric electric electric electric electric electric now app and you just have to pick one. You don't have to um like like like like like like so um I mean have all your not them all of them, them, them, them, them, them, but it helps and you can so uh you know well so watch us us us us us us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as we bring you the uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so well well 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is is is is is is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks um um like um uh birds in the the the the the the 4:30 movie. And if and if and if and if and if and if if if if if if you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick up um well well okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean my new book Nobody Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history of of of of of of James okay well you know like uh Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and and and and and and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name is Mike you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay um well Rankin. I will I will I will I will I will I I I I I I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we do we do do do do do do we do we do we do we have a well uh uh okay uh special special special special special special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay um um them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate you jumping in with like well like so so us to talk some White Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going okay I mean uh like like like like like like you know to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally normally normally normally normally normally interview I mean well okay well so other people. So I'm going to completely screw this this this this this this up Mike. Appreciate you well well I mean well I mean having me on the the the the the the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the um you know so so so so so so okay so basement right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years and and and and and and it okay so so uh like really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't expect to get as big okay uh um you know um as it's turned turned turned turned turned turned into and now we're you know, we got this live event of of of of of of so you know you know like okay cork and Kerry the park on the the the the the the 28th, and we're going to be trying out like well well um um a live live live live live live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going to like um um um um um um um well okay be going to two shows a week instead of one and and and and and and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where so like I I I I I I mean okay I mean we discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Mike I mean mean mean mean mean mean well like uh well summer, and I want to help you buy sell and trade trade trade trade trade trade your way into uh uh like um um a collection you'll love. Hello everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode so uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay today. I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No you know like um um um um um um well uh really if the whole card industry went away. Do you think think think think think think your life would like okay um like okay be better or worse? I I I I I I think if you really stop and think about um I mean uh um so so so so so so it and honest answer for some of you would be yes, I'd um like like like like like like uh uh I mean be better off if it all went away and for for for for for for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make make make make make make well uh you know okay you know a podcast and better yet. Try it on on on on on on anchor because one it's free, which um I mean okay like okay is great. And as as as as as as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done done done done done done they'll distribute your um well I mean I mean you know podcast for you on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download well like so so uh uh uh uh uh uh the free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, okay you know okay uh so so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt Rigby Rigby Rigby Rigby Rigby Rigby uh I mean okay so um then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points points points points points points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is um I mean well you know like episode 52 of of of of of of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening listening listening listening listening listening you're listening to Jason kangaroos the okay I mean so I mean well rugby league league league league league league podcast. Fans who fans who fans who fans who fans who fans who are passionate about about about about about about saying the game played in you know um I mean you know okay more more more more more more places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so okay okay. I've got a very special guest with us all all all all all all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new new new new new new website I mean you know okay well like life and football.com. Once again, the the the the the the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams you know like well uh uh uh uh uh uh well. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and and and and and and are behind uh I mean okay well well with a big catch right there there there there there there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game against I mean you know well you know know know know know know okay Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling y'all hand hand hand hand hand hand so well um well okay down Wyoming is one of the top programs programs programs programs programs programs in the country. I love what they well well okay um okay have going on on on on on on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let okay well uh well uh me explain it's free. There's a creation tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit so like like uh like your podcast right right right right right right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for okay uh you you you you you you know well like you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many more you can make you know well like so uh money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to like so um um um um um um um so make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo the so uh uh you know like FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Lynn Lynn Lynn Lynn Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so uh so well so well excited about talking to you you you you you you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion like um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh um assets. Love Theology love Theology love Theology love Theology love Theology love Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much okay you know know know know know know like you know well money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in in in in in in your personal life um well you know like you know your professional life spiritually emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get I get I get I get I get I get so many questions from people.
Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North North North North North North America's largest like okay I mean um um mining pool lectures goal is to to to to to to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an so like well you know you you you you you you know intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great great great great great great selection well you know so well um of pools for you to mine to from from from from from from a variety of notable altcoins uh so I mean um uh to Big Big Big Big Big Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So like like like like like like you know I mean like like be sure to go and check them them them them them them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is um you know okay like um chosen to to to to to to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so um listeners would support the show by Ting them you you you you you you can find them online at Luxor um I mean so okay I mean dot Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, you know um like like like like like like okay I mean everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto mining podcast in so I mean so well uh the history of the the the the the the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by uh you know know know know know know okay I mean like mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof proof proof proof proof proof of work projects uh I mean so you know well. We talk about masternodes. We We We We We We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash uh I mean like okay I I I I I I mean has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto space. So I so I so I so I so I so I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
Acts 3 acts 3 acts 3 acts 3 acts 3 acts 3 one day Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter and John were going up to the temple at the um okay like like like like like like okay I mean time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man man man man man man who was lame like well well you know like from birth was being carried carried carried carried carried carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put so um um like okay okay okay okay okay okay every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well uh Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money money money money money money Peter looks That him well you know uh uh you know as did John then then then then then then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them his like so um um um um um um uh so attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York York York York York York you know I mean okay like okay City in the aughts centering around a a a a a a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode um um okay like you know 71 the Lincoln Center cat cat cat cat cat cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was well uh you know I I I I I I mean well a sharp decline in wall Street's interest in the region and in their their their their their their defense, so uh you know I mean so it did look pretty hopeless. Japan was was was was was was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on uh so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean well South Korea showed row upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were were were were were were uh okay I mean okay I mean still just a bunch of rice eating peasants, peasants, peasants, peasants, peasants, peasants, but I work for a you know you know uh I mean you you you you you you know macro fund and the founder was a bit of a contrarian who believed the the the the the the best long-term I mean so I mean I mean you know Investments were made made made made made made when no one else was looking so an internal Asia uh so I I I I I I mean okay you know Trading Started to bloom it my fund we already had had had had had had FX in the region but back I mean uh well um uh in those days. It It It It It It was almost like the trading job was unionized if okay like um like okay you you you you you you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
Free to free to free to free to free to free to fly fly fly fly fly fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph well so okay you you you you you you know so podcast back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? staff staff staff staff staff Hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how was was was was was was you know okay so um you know the weekend? It was it was it was was was was was was it was it was it was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You You You You You You got to sleep in which like well well I mean well was lovely. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being back here like like like like like like okay like uh you know in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, man, man, man, man, man, you know on I mean okay like you know um Friday. We had a show about about about about about about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend I mean uh um like okay okay okay okay okay okay by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek and they okay okay okay okay okay okay well like I mean okay have internal and oh, I don't know if you you you you you you should go back to Florida. It I mean uh okay like you know is full of of of of of of really really weird people but it also has Disney and sunshine and well well well well well well okay so so uh your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
So in so in so in so in so in so in this episode, let's have have have have have have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First uh like okay like um of of of of of of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been been been been been been crowned King Banquo speaks okay well uh okay so to himself. He's afraid the the the the the the Macbeth has done something bad to get the crown. He you he you he you he he he he he he you he you he you know so I mean like uh says I fear fear fear fear fear fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still hopes that uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean like okay this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters enters enters enters enters enters. He calls bankroll his chief guests so okay so like so this implies implies implies implies implies implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend. Of course that's out I mean you you you you you you know so uh you know on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks in another city liquid. He says um I mean like so I mean that that that that that that having the crown is not enough. He must feel secure as king to you know you you you you you you know I mean you know uh be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Thus Thus Thus Thus Thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth is afraid that that that that that that the wise well well so okay I mean Banquo is a threat to his crown saying saying saying saying saying saying there is none but he whose you know okay well you know you know know know know know know being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would would would would would would be like you know uh um so Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I don't well well well well well well I mean uh well well have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like like like like like like I don't like like you know like um be drowsy heat alert, right? Here Here Here Here Here Here we go. Welcome back to question the self uh um okay well um um um um um um you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to um like like like like like like you know okay uh shake the sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main main main main main main character and you know you know okay well okay a beloved one, but also also also also also also the source of a lot of conflict and my life like so well you you you you you you know okay and my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up up up up up up trouble I mean well so well I mean but just because she has very strong strong strong strong strong strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and okay okay um okay okay saved her life life life life life life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of living living living living living living like like well uh so with terminal cancer has led me to believe believe believe believe believe believe that most of the perceived problems and uh like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean so worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple simple simple simple simple simple fact like uh uh like um that we all only have one life and and and and and and that none of us are promised uh well so so well another day on on on on on on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current health I mean well well well well well well I mean like okay status after all would you seriously stay in the job job job job job job you hate or the you know you know I mean well I mean relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next like um I I I I I I mean like I mean year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that that that that that that make you happy and you well okay uh well well certainly wouldn't be be be be be be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast so I mean okay um okay. I I I I I I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and um okay okay okay okay okay okay like um uh opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well Well Well Well Well Well anchor is the like so you know okay um easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you I mean um I mean okay okay everything everything everything everything everything everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download it like like like like like like uh so okay um onto your mobile device or computer. They have they have they have they they they they they they have they have they have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to like so um uh uh uh uh uh uh well record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast um I mean like I mean um to Spotify. Apple podcast Google podcast and and and and and and so many more and the best part you um like uh well like can easily easily easily easily easily easily make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download uh so you know know know know know know okay well the app anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to like like like like like like you know like like I mean get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and and and and and and this is episode 102 of the uh you know you know well so two-minute tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis podcast. So I'm going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is is is is is is Kelly so like well you know so Scheib. For those of you guys that are are are are are are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by uh you know well uh you know my co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and I mean um um um um um um okay so I mean as is typical with my life, we change the plan because because because because because because there's this little known well so um you know I mean virus out out out out out out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was like well well well well well well uh like I mean incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today today today today today today if it weren't you uh so you know so you know just in, California California California California California California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock well you you you you you you know okay like uh is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, well, well, well, well, well, like have you like you know well uh okay been watching United States? States States States States States I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked like well um well like at you you you you you you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um uh got the experts we have here today to talk to to to to to to us. So today we okay well I mean um uh are joined by dr dr dr dr dr dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and and and and okay you know like I mean um the topic of today's newsletter is going going going going going going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of interesting you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean well um email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my my my my my my work like well uh uh okay and telling me how just in a a a a a a short period of time. He's in a so well uh so I mean situation situation situation situation situation situation where I guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of you know know know know know know um I mean uh uh getting a divorce with his wife and apparently about about about about about about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out well okay so well like she was having an an an an an an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know uh is he's completely changed his approach. He still he still he he he he he he still he still he still he still moving forward with the divorce, but like um um um um um um so well um the interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up up up up up up with his well so um okay um wife without any kind of attachments or or or or or or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast uh you know okay um well with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 95 95 95 95 95 are David's Alibi was engaged like you know like okay I mean those things, things, things, things, things, things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward okay like okay like like like like like like well to getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process process process process process process a few when so I mean well okay okay we first said it was going going going going going going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and uh I mean like like like like like like so okay four weeks later. We expect we expect we expect we expect we expect expect expect expect expect expect we expect that one is following a few months now and telling so well well well well well well well like well the last year so but interesting how we actually got go go go go go go to my I don't remember um okay okay uh um that day like yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday device right here is a kind of weird one were so okay like I I I I I I mean so both jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the the the the the the world so okay so so uh ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a it's a a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a very mean and nasty place and I like like like like like like well I mean uh so don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to to to to to to your knees um so like so you know and keep you there permanently. If If If If If If you let it you me or nobody is gonna okay okay uh you know know know know know know so hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about about about about about about I mean okay uh um I mean how hard you can get hit and keep moving moving moving moving moving moving forward how much you can take you know you know well well like and and and and and and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know like so I I I I I I mean well like what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you you you you you you gotta okay uh uh like like be willing to take the hits and not not not not not not pointing fingers saying you ain't you know um like uh okay where you wanna be because because because because because because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that um you know um um um um um um uh so ain't you you better than that. It's about how hard you can can can can can can get um um like I mean um hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were those were those were those were those were those were little bit of words from Rocky.
Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We We We We We We know it's Ryan I mean uh like you know uh crach and myself myself myself myself myself myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're and we're and we're and we're and and and and and and we're and we're I think timed it uh uh you know I mean okay perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three days. Yeah uh uh uh uh uh uh so so um okay four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that that that that that that we will be you know so I mean um so releasing things I so so so so so so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday here week so uh like um you know know know know know know Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week well well well well well well uh uh like you know mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I I I I I I don't know what that means. It's um I mean I mean well well something political political political political political political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do do do do do do I mean okay okay um I mean. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth uh you you you you you you know okay um so episode. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is is is is is is not able to join this like okay you know okay like week because because because because because because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What like well like like like like like like like um up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special special special special special special guests from you know like I mean uh um Lehigh University. Number one, one, one, one, one, one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole uh okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay well and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring we're featuring we're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from the I mean mean mean mean mean mean well well so like unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of of of of of of Kentucky. She was found okay uh like okay like on her college campus campus campus campus campus campus strangled to death with her own bra one man confessed you know um well okay you you you you you you know to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Gale Gale Gale Gale Gale Brown that night um okay uh uh like to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved murders free on Spotify or Wherever you um I mean like you know you know know know know know know get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener um um um um um um I mean I mean you know um discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and and and and and and discussions of murder and assault that so you know so I mean uh some people people people people people people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer okay you know know know know know know um okay you know Aid conference which is happening for the third year on on on on on on Saturday, June uh um like so well 6th, 2020 in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer layer layer layer layer layer a conference is the first one to like um okay so you know solely focus on on on on on on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers well um so so so so so so you know well and osint investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and and and and and and re and re and re and re and re and you um you you you you you you know uh I mean well can hear many of those stories through their presentations at at at at at at the conference, but not um so uh uh uh every story can fill fill fill fill fill fill a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to well um like um well well well well well well the conference which brings us here. This podcast will only be stories told by so like you you you you you you know so like the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides just stories some might might might might might might be a short as well I mean so you know well five minutes some may even even even even even even go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
Holy cow. The views the views the views the views the views the views views views views views views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well or reflect those of the company and its management for their more more more more more more the views and um like well like so opinions of the guests and and and and and and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This This This This This This you know okay you know I mean you know is the show that explores explores explores explores explores explores the far ends of human experience. And today like like um well well we're looking at at at at at at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th you know you know know know know know know you know so so century. It's a story about for men and for women who are are are are are are locked inside this well like well like like enormous glass dome for two years just just just just just just to see what would happen you know uh I mean um well. And as you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I like um like like like like like like you know so think things started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four four four four four four to six okay um you know you know so month Mark. I think we all all all all all all knew instinctively that if ever anybody like uh you know you know okay opened up up up up up up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello hey, hello hello hello hello hello hello hey, hello hey, hello hey, hello hey, hello and welcome to I want okay you you you you you you know well uh uh to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are are are are are are coming you know I mean like so um to you from multiple States States States States States States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right right right right right right now. So we so we so we so we so we so we got the gigs. I am.
Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and so um um um um um um well I mean um it's time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that that that that that that when you say it. You you know well so like I mean sound like you're trying trying trying trying trying trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another you know you know know know know know know you know well okay episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're We're We're We're We're We're not in the you know you know well um I mean new studio yet because because because because because because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch well so uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay the Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a a a a a a few weeks so like um okay okay ago we found Mice in our basement. So So So So So So we had to put our project on hold I mean like so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh for a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, now, now, now, now, now, we're sitting in our I mean like like like okay living room. So we've now recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded a podcast in three different places. This is definitely the okay okay so I I I I I I mean okay most comfortable out of all of them so high so, what's the the the the the the plan today? well well well well well well well well well well well well um um um um um um uh you know Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week and a a a a a a half sure. We have we have we have we have we have we have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm NB and this uh okay I mean uh so episode is recapping reviewing the season season season season season season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina I mean you know uh you know know know know know know well season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't don't don't don't don't don't forget so you know so so you know guys stick around for the any because because because because because because we are going to go through our so uh so I mean I I I I I I mean recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure sure sure sure sure sure to so well like I mean like stick around for that. We also we also also also also also also we also we also we also we also have our contest going on right now for for for for for for you know well uh um well a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card card card card card card and a pop socket. To okay like um you know like enter just written written written written written written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're um um um um um um we're um we're um we're um we're um we're um so well well um extending extending extending extending extending extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we you know okay well well well well well well well I mean have lots of time as always to or containing listeners in in in in in in a brand new ones well well well you know um. Thank you for joining us. Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't forget don't forget don't forget don't forget don't forget don't forget to like comment and and and and and and subscribe to the you know well like like um channel. Let's get into the the the the the the episode. Yo, let's yo, let's yo, let's yo, let's yo, let's yo, let's get into it it it it it it the season finale. What you know uh like okay like do you think? It was it was was was was was was good? It was really good. They're a couple uh so well okay so so so so so so things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
Hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome to trust trust trust trust trust trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own like uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean I mean Journey with Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women women women women women women tell all but first women um okay okay like like get eliminated and by by by by by by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women you know okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay like tell all week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised like you know know know know know know well like well. This episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that that that that that that some people may like so I mean okay I mean find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution for children under 13 on a summer day so so I mean you you you you you you know uh in the mid-1960s at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered for their annual like you know okay you know uh meeting The Unofficial leader leader leader leader leader leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the uh well okay you know so so so so so so quiet Campground as president of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean like like his own right at least. That's what he'd say. As As As As As As Sonny as Sonny as Sonny as Sonny as Sonny as Sonny walked he spotted spotted spotted spotted spotted spotted a brand new you know um I mean so well California Hells Angels flag flag flag flag flag flag. It featured it featured it featured it featured it featured it featured a redesigned redesigned redesigned redesigned redesigned redesigned logo that had been strung up by so uh so uh okay some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
He'll and he'll and he'll and he'll and he'll and he'll and welcome to a a a a a a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other well um like okay so so so so so so religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to to to to to to reinvent I mean like so um uh religion for myself. Okay story time. I was was was was was was driving to visit a friend I mean uh well I mean uh while listening to to to to to to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I so okay you you you you you you know um so highly recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew blew blew blew blew blew out one of well like like you know so the speakers in my car car car car car car. My current my current my current my current my current my current workload prevents me me me me me me from getting it replaced okay I mean like well like. So instead of Music I've had to to to to to to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable like you know um uh I mean when it's it's it's it's it's it's only coming out of one of the two stereo channels so uh I mean uh I I I I I I mean so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to well like like like like like like like so so Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far far far far far far anchors the like um okay um like best way to download and record your podcast best best best best best best platform out there uh I mean uh uh well. You can put it out on on on on on on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's I mean I mean uh so okay perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect all my friends use it. It's by far the best platform I've like okay I I I I I I mean well um used. I've used other platforms, and I'm so happy I stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck with anchor. So um so um so um so um so um so um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay so well make sure you sign up with anchor if you're interested in doing doing doing doing doing doing podcast. Hit me up so you know I mean well so if you're interested interested interested interested interested interested as well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has has has has has has I mean you know you know I mean uh another partner that person by the way, way, way, way, way, way, for those of you don't know has so well uh well uh a special term. It's It's It's It's It's It's called metamour. That is that is that is that is that is that that that that that that is the special word for your like you know okay well like partner's partner partner partner partner partner partner. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're you know know know know know know you know you know okay um in a relationship with your partner. And so you you you you you you have a metamour and you like uh you know like well want to know know know know know know this person. Maybe you maybe you maybe you maybe you maybe you maybe you you you you you you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really uh so you know I I I I I I mean okay into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can be on on on on on on such good terms you know well well you know well with your your your your your your metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen uh um I I I I I I mean okay okay either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe you maybe you maybe you maybe you maybe you maybe you I mean I I I I I I mean uh okay like want to be besties and you know gang up on on on on on on your partner from time uh so I mean so so to time or or or or or or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning okay so well well well well well well like I mean for today's in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white white white white white white. This episode is all things I mean I mean I mean um you know travel travel travel travel travel travel during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um unique lifestyle and to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he he he he he he so I mean so you know like currently has Brewing you may have previously known known known known known known Zach is one of one well so I mean well like of the OG Neverland boys boys boys boys boys boys a group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal I mean I I I I I I mean okay okay like youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a a a a a a Georgia. Thanks for so okay um so you know having me. So Zach so so so so so so Zach so Zach so Zach so Zach so Zach and I actually met at Sanda coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee. That's probably where we meet like I mean okay so um. A lot of people people people people people people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when um uh you know I I I I I I mean okay our laptops and a lot of people come through and sort sort sort sort sort sort of asked what so I mean you know uh you know we're doing and and and and and and get Chapman figure out. You got a few things in uh you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh okay common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty yeah pretty yeah pretty yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah pretty yeah pretty yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're interested in learning learning learning learning learning learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes um well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay um in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened opened opened opened opened opened it well okay okay like I mean. I was reading it through and and and and and and it said if anyone ever comes to you saying so well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean like all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of have have have have have have that okay um you know I mean well habit of of of telling us all is is is is is is well and your own words. And so like okay okay um I I I I I I mean okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad angels angels angels angels angels angels and so so okay okay okay we want to remind you that that there there there there there there is a stream of well-being which you are okay I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean allowing or not. And what and what and what and what and what and and and and and and what we've noticed about any who for whatever reason are standing in uh well you know you you you you you you know well a place where they are not allowing their alignment with that that that that that that stream of I mean like I mean you know I mean well-being because because because because because because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that is so you is so so so so so so like well okay you know so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
Hello, beautiful hello, beautiful hello, beautiful hello, beautiful hello, beautiful hello, beautiful people and welcome to to to to to to waking youth. My name is got a lotta gibberish uh you know well so so so so so so uh. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be be be be be be so I mean so um uh here with you today. And in this episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth uh uh like uh you know. How did I I I I I I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about you know uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like okay so over the summer I was listening to a lot lot lot lot lot lot of podcasts and I you know uh okay so like was thinking that I really wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when I uh like you you you you you you know well okay started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was was was was was was also looking you know I mean I mean um uh for an initiative and and and and and and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and I realized okay uh well well well well well well well I mean that a lot of my friends were also feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling like this because we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
Greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I I I I I I wanted like I mean uh well like to let you all know that we have joined joined joined joined joined joined the Frolic podcast Network front well uh like you know uh leg is a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia. Well romance like okay okay uh um is not necessarily her direct thing is is is is is is a super fan of many um um well well um kinds of genre. Fiction and and and and and and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value well you know you know um um um um um um I mean of self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of this this this this this this community. If you're okay like I mean like so into romance in any flavor flavor flavor flavor flavor flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes it includes it includes includes includes includes includes includes it includes it includes it includes um you know like okay like one of my my my my my my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's well uh well well well well well well well um podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been been been been been been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about well so so so so so so okay you know like the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper into some of okay uh you know uh okay the most notorious subjects every week week week week week week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode um like like you know like like like like like like. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network um I I I I I I mean so um um. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals Originals Originals Originals Originals Originals to help us uh like okay uh like explore ideas. Ideas, like like like like like like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean well well Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on on on on on on Spotify okay you know like you know okay or wherever you listen to podcasts a list list list list list list of episodes that we used okay like well uh I mean will be posted in the the the the the the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and and and and and and like um I mean well I mean you here we've had some really cool guest guest guest guest guest guest on the podcast. So we uh you know like you know like hope you guys guys guys guys guys guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are we are we are we we we we we we are we are we are here at 7:00 so uh like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally literally literally literally literally literally make the like um I mean I mean okay goal every morning to wake wake wake wake wake wake up at 5:00. Like this like this like this like this like this like like like like like like this is some sight I mean like so I mean okay. It was six was was was was was was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just uh like like you know know know know know know like felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes eat we so uh so okay well cannot something happens where we we we we we we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you you you you you you with us uh so um so I mean again. And it's the whole crew here today and and and and and and we're going to do okay you know like I mean you know this ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that I mean you know know know know know know so you know um we've been at this for a year. Well, I think think think think think think this is like episode 56 like okay um um you know or something. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need we need we need we need we need need need need need need we need the fact Checkers out there to correct so uh uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh you know for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the the the the the the course of the show, but that well like um um uh just has has has has has has because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come uh like like like like like like you know so uh from wherever we are and we sit down and and and and and and and I think most you know um I mean well so of the time we do do do do do do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else um like well okay okay okay okay okay okay um. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn. I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week you know I I I I I I mean okay like um late. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last last last last last last week I came to so okay well okay uh New Orleans my hometown and and and and and and it was mighty grind. It was just a like um um well you know lot of of of of of of stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days um well well well well well well um you know uh after but I had so much shit like a a a a a a dentist's appointment. I had to go well you know um so well get my my my my my my pap. Smear I smear I smear I smear I smear I smear I I I I I I have errands to run I was linking with people that uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh I mean I see in a while. Basically, I really didn't have time time time time time time and then I'm like I mean uh uh um staying in New Orleans and my my my my my my mom house and then my brother's over here and you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so nephews and it be loud like I'm finally recording because now now now now now now I'm finally in like okay uh well well my house and no one's here right right right right right right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm I mean I mean like um like like like like like like trying to record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and and and and and and my well you know well I mean okay name is Stacy. We're twin sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it I mean well okay you know um raw raw raw raw raw raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about um um um um um um okay uh um um scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful mindful mindful mindful mindful mindful of before blasting this episode you know um you know uh um on speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I so you know um um um um um um okay like said being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views Views Views Views Views Views and opinions expressed um like you know like okay by our guests. Should there there there there there there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now okay now okay now okay okay okay okay okay okay now okay now okay now well you know well okay okay that's weird. It's It's It's It's It's It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, I believe well okay okay well so I can never keep track its its its its its its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom one boom one boom one boom one boom boom boom boom boom boom one boom one for like um well well like one. Love it. Justin Anderson here here here here here here already typed in there wait for your intro on um like like well well well well well well okay the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely that's extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely that's extremely that's extremely that's extremely that's extremely room a uh well um um um um um um um uh numbers guy. We got we got we got we got we got we we we we we we got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in the maritimes. How's like uh I I I I I I mean so well it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out out out out out out here well okay um well like. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's it's it's it's it's it's like almost always cloudy, but you can so well you know uh I mean tell tell tell tell tell tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used to being being being being being being known for um uh like um like out here. It's weird. It's like it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's been positive degree temperature every day so you know I mean you you you you you you know I mean for the last I think week something like that. Well, it well, well, well, well, well, well, it well, it well, it well, it well, it sucks here so good for for for for for for um so you know uh uh you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is I mean um um um um um um well I mean uh advised. This episode includes depictions of body horror and and and and and and discussions of sexual assault. We so um um uh uh advise Extreme Caution for for for for for for children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus you know like so um um um um um um like where everyone's gone home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know uh I mean in the air and the snow-covered World feels like like like like like like a new frontier an arctic tundra um uh I mean I mean like broken up by by by by by by ivy league Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving um you know so well well well well well well okay with your roommate you swap stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay stay stay stay stay stay uh you know like I mean well up late late enough that the idea idea idea idea idea idea of a walk to the corner store for so like so you know um um um um um um more chips and jelly beans. Seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a a a a a a straight so so you know uh um line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving moving moving moving moving moving I came back with hot dogs you know um you know um I mean for for for for for for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at uh okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like uh the space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all all all all all all of us. And Lee uh uh you know um uh was like hurry Franklin. You You You You You You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all know I mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know you know so are you get what you have to watch watch watch watch watch watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I I mean like so you know you know know know know know know definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake cake cake cake cake cake more uh um um you know well than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know um well down the top 31 Sports scandals of the the the the the the past 31 years in so um well well uh today's episode we go back to to to to to to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember remember remember remember remember remember OJ remember OJ Simpson's criminal uh well well um uh trial where he was was was was was was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also so uh so um I I I I I I mean had another trial two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to to to to to to come back so um like um I mean tomorrow for more shocking sports sports sports sports sports sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you know okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay well you can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your your your your your your podcasts. Millions of viewers you know so you know okay so had gathered for the main main main main main main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
We are we are we are we are we are we are on welcome didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew you know like you you you you you you know well so ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made made made made made made me itchy you know um like um you know. My name my name my name name name name name name my name my name my name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know okay I mean few precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life Life Life Life Life Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and uh okay um you know okay again when you can can can can can can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep well uh you you you you you you know um okay you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready ready ready ready ready ready yourself you scroll through well like okay so I mean ooh your data data data data data data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week well I mean well well well well well well you know well as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's weather's weather's weather's weather's weather's like the cold programmed voice well okay you know you know um responds with with with with with with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature like okay so well well well well well well um you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it was was was was was was cold I mean okay um uh well yesterday and dress accordingly you check your your your your your your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to to to to to to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas I mean so so so so so so so like uh. And today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis I mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay like well and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial glial glial glial glial glial cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform um I mean so well so chronic pain pain pain pain pain pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are not aware of I I I I I I mean um like you know well dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the the the the the the myth the legend behind stem Genex um uh okay you know okay he is the the the the the the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for and and and and and and for and for and for and for and for uh um like um well the the the the the the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo like like like like like like I mean like okay um and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt Health Health Health Health Health Health okay you know okay uh like podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner owner owner owner owner owner and operator of dialed like so so well I mean Health, which is strength training training training training training training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why circuit like uh well well well well well well you know I mean workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by by by by by by an underscore Austin in well you know like you know uh do thank thank thank thank thank thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most of my Programs Programs Programs Programs Programs Programs I mean well um you know um and pretty much all the workouts. I put put put put put put I put I put I put I put I put out our mixed in some some some some some some form of uh um um like uh a circuit. So you want to to to to to to know why that is. Is it something that really is okay okay well well well well well well well I mean better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So we're we're we're we're we're we're going I mean I mean well um so to break down the science and and and and and and we're also going to break down some reality because you uh so so well well know, know, know, know, know, know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around real life well okay I I I I I I mean okay um factors. I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why I choose to do them them them them them them um you know okay you know I mean and why I do believe that that that that that that it is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going so you know um you know so to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key so so so so so so so you know um well. And as you can see, my energy is on on on on on on such a different level than it was for okay okay uh um um um um um um I mean episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many many many many many many great uh like uh okay like compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you you you you you you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app app app app today um um so well so and get access to thousands of free book and and and and and and audio book summaries on personal you know so like I mean well development development development development development development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting you know I I I I I I mean you know so I mean to work and get the key insights of books books books books books books in minutes instead of uh so so um well hours. Go to Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of like um you know um um um um um um like the Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie and quick well I mean so uh like read narrated by Alex Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine um I mean okay okay uh was was was was was was overweight shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class class class class class class. It so like well like uh was when her third grade classmate Rita passed out out out out out out invites to her birthday party that Deborah uh uh like so so first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
Skinwalker radio skinwalker radio skinwalker radio skinwalker radio skinwalker radio skinwalker radio is brought brought brought brought brought brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your own I mean like like like like like like um you know um podcast, but you're not really sure how to get get get get get get started. We'll anchor is the uh I mean I mean well you know way to do do do do do do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast well um uh well I I I I I I mean. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just just just just just just download our well I mean I mean I mean okay audio upload it into into into into into into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit go and um uh uh uh uh uh uh well like uh anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher I mean okay okay um uh all those places of people download download download download download download podcasts and it's easy and best of All it's like uh you know know know know know know you know well free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile app on so uh okay okay like your phone today. Thanks for tuning back back back back back back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and okay like like um um every one one one one one one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we we we we we we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't do this without well I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay um you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a a a a a a review join well like so okay uh the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have have have have have have all the pertinent Links okay okay well I mean you know at the bottom. So So So So So So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay okay okay okay okay okay like like well um me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to record and edit well so you know so okay your podcast right from from from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for uh well um you you you you you you know I mean you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and many more you can make um uh you know you know okay money from your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app app app app app app or go to well I mean okay well uh Anchor FM to get get get get get get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag uh uh uh uh uh uh um well so um podcast today on our show. We have we it's called called called called called called speaking for the bag. We have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we have Kaylee um well like okay so. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't can't can't can't can't can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
If you if you if you if you if you if you struggle to get get get get get get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts uh like um okay so at at at at at at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really I mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know okay I mean struggle to find the time or if you travel travel travel travel travel travel a lot then you need this so um like okay I mean plan. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat I mean so well well well well well well I mean I mean again. Been Ogden been Ogden been Ogden been Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden been Ogden been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is is is is is is a four-week well you know like uh like plan which consists of three workouts every every every every every every single week all different workouts. You also you also you also you also you you you you you you also you also get um so well you know um access to the audio trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how well um you know I mean so so so so so so to do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a a a a a a uh so um I mean um sofa you might get a chair up some point, point, point, point, point, point, but very very very minimal okay well you know like so equipment and stuff that that that that that that you can find around the house. And so you know okay well well okay if if if if if if you answered yes to any of them questions at the start go and get get get get get get the uh okay you know um so planet is also 50% off at the moment moment moment moment moment moment. Once again once again once again once again once again once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but I I I I I I mean okay well you know uh here we go. So today came across across across across across across something pretty special. Let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just just just just just just make this one uh uh okay uh um on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this this this this this this so this so this so this so this so this last week I I I I I I decided you well well so like like know, hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch watch watch watch watch watch a little bit of Netflix, you so like so uh I mean know. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, here we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got he's got he's got he's got got got got got got he's got he's got a new movie um so like I mean like out out out out out out. Hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so well a young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in in in in in in the living and while you know like like I mean so we watch WWE, WWE, WWE, WWE, WWE, WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile been been been been been been awhile been awhile been awhile been awhile been awhile and want to um I I I I I I mean uh so like share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think think think think think think it's kind of um I mean um I mean like funny actually to be be be be be be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever I mean uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that I I I I I I I mean like uh okay well dealt with before I went Monk. And And And And And And a father to a woman about my age that um uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass fucking dating well okay um I mean uh sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish Fish Fish Fish Fish Fish. And yeah, that was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're We're We're We're We're We're up to I mean um uh uh so episode 17 which has been a a a a a a lot of fun and we're certainly getting through um um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean so these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of so so so so so so okay you know I mean you know different people. And today I have another another another another another another very special guest who goes by the I mean I mean you know know know know know know I mean you know Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm good, mate. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank you like I mean I mean so like for having me. No worries at at at at at at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and come and come and come and come and come come come come come come and talk so um okay um okay to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh okay oh okay oh okay oh okay oh okay oh okay so well uh uh uh uh uh uh okay no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Saving Saving Saving Saving Saving Grace Lord I mean okay so so you know and repent of sins. All right, right, right, right, right, right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's you know you know you know so so so so so so you know about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the the the the the the beginning of Doc you know so so um so season. So we're going going going going going going to say that after today's episode. There will be um I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean well no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following following following following following following that okay okay uh well so way gonna start all the scripts. Geez Geez Geez Geez Geez Geez. I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't get a script script script script script script shit, you know so you know um uh so where else far far away away away away away away where it takes us months to create new merch but it's you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores stores stores stores stores stores / bogomil so like well okay well new March go get yours now. That's That's That's That's That's That's it. You guys are super cheap ringcom so I mean um I mean like. Doors Doors Doors Doors Doors Doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together. We got got got got got got that shit um well so well so together with the help of Jackie for for for for for for Designing it. Thank you. So fucking much okay like like okay well. We love love love love love love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many different types well I I I I I I mean well like um of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love Love Love Love Love Love it. Love it there well I mean um okay I mean sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is Is Is Is Is Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is brought brought brought brought brought brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess vigeland the like uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh um host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going to to to to to to explore I mean uh uh okay so the future of marketing. So you and and and and and and your marketing team can stay ahead of the curve I mean um um okay like like like like like like the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops on March 5th. You can can can can can can listen so uh so uh I mean on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. From Yuma is reply all and so you know um you know um um um um um um BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going to tell you you you you you you a story that um I mean um okay um I think you sort sort sort sort sort sort of remember but maybe don't know the details of okay, so last like like like like like like I mean I mean so well spring I went to a therapist because I I I I I I was having hard time with a bunch of like okay like you know know know know know know you know stuff and I was complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just just just just just just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya well well well well well well well like so you know penitential good stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and and and and and and sometimes friends the podcast I mean like you know okay so for a talk talk talk talk talk talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined today by um uh well so I mean a journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's okay well well um um um um um um uh got a mortgage. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you very much well well well um so for having me alone. We were were were were were were we were we were we were we were we were just discussing how this this this this this this is a test of your so you know okay well um own medicine because you you you you you you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of well well like like like like like like you know okay people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. No, it's weird for me to okay like okay uh well be somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give it I I I I I I mean you know uh so like my best real lovely. I also also also also also also I also I also I also I also I also feel bad as well because because because because because because obviously this morning like I mean you know so like you were on the road. It It It It It It was on a phone in or do you have uh okay I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from the the the the the the house. So you know well so um so I was reading up everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and um so uh so so I was on on on on on on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and well you you you you you you know like like so I'm here to tell you about our family what you guys guys guys guys guys guys the reason why you well uh you know well I mean are listening to to to to to to the guys next door. Anchor. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is this is a an amazing platform for uh like uh well okay anybody out there who who who who who who is trying to get into the Pod casting room okay uh you know uh um um um um um um get your voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's literally uh okay you know um um the easiest way to make a a a a a a podcast. So let so let so let so let so let so let let let let let let me explain it's free. There's Creation um um um okay um tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay I mean computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So you can be heard so okay like okay well on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm I mean uh uh like you know know know know know know not even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership um like well okay okay. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from you you you you you you know okay okay well so today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is is is is is is founder and CEO of the um so well you know you know gradient a creative recruiting platform platform platform platform platform platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on okay um so okay so the brand brand brand brand brand brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a you know know know know know know so okay um well masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he he he he he he cut his teeth as well so well like I mean a copywriter and then worked worked worked worked worked worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined I mean well uh um um um um um um you know forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in in in in in in the coming okay well like um um weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our our our our our our conversation. Love told love told love told love told love told love told us us us us us us why well I mean I mean uh okay she wanted to start the gradient. And And And And And And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
Hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans fans fans fans fans fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before like uh okay um you know we we we we we we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor like I mean uh you know um. Anchor if you haven't heard about about about about about about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast um like I mean I mean well well well well well well. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a like like like like like like uh um I mean so creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your well well like like I mean phone and computer makes it it it it it it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you so I mean well so so so so so so so can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can can can can can can make money from so okay well you know like your podcast with no minimum listenership and and and and and and it's everything you need to make a podcast you know like like well you know right right right right right right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot like like like like like like you know you know okay you know. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that works. That was good cool so you know you know um um. I started started started started started started I started I don't give a fuck. I started I started I started started started started started started I started I started I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
I have I have I have I have I have I have to admit admit admit admit admit admit that without the Clones it would not have been like like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean a victory victory. Victory you victory you victory you victory you victory victory victory victory victory victory you victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark well well well well well well uh okay I mean like side Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone and welcome to the uh uh so well um last missions. This is a a a a a a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling like like like like like like so you know so like the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on on on on on on Disney plus I'm your host Madison okay you know I mean uh well and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
three two three two three two three two three two three two one The The The The The The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh so um excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've and we've and we've and and and and and and we've and we've and we've got one of the finest well so so so so so so so I mean okay ocean paddlers in the world here in the suppressor Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai I mean I mean well you know know know know know know um to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world world world world world world. He um I mean I mean I mean like does a bit of everything. But But But But But But the reason we wanted to chat with him today well um um okay like like like like like like is not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some um um um um um um um well I mean I mean amazing things off the water over the past past past past past past couple of years James Casey okay like you know so okay. Welcome to Studio, mate mate mate mate mate mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going uh I mean I mean like well well well well well well to get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay like of wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking like like well um um not so good about about about about about about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they you know well well well well well well you know I mean okay grinding going to be fun. I think I think I I I I I I think I think I think I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so like like name is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We We We We We We have a crew here um like like you know so today. We have Rebecca. We We We We We We have AC and we have myself. So we so we so we so so so so so so we so we so we um, well well I mean so uh this this this this this this is an interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we I I I I I I mean um like okay I mean so I was sick two weeks ago. I was was was was was was sick two weeks ago. So it well I mean okay like well didn't do do do do do do one then and last week we did a podcast and you I mean you you you you you you know okay you know so always have to have that one podcast where where where where where where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
Traveling from traveling from traveling from traveling from traveling from traveling from Pittsburgh to to to to to to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were okay so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean like doing it in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The The The The The The men like well I mean uh well of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their their their their their their tired bodies along the banks of okay you know uh you know like the the the the the the Missouri River. It was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the uh okay like so so so so so so I mean sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was was was was was was in their midst you know okay okay um um. Under the cover of Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat that so uh I mean um um um um um um like had been hung up to dry. If it if it if it if it it it it it it if it if it decided it wanted to snack on uh well well uh uh uh uh uh uh so some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that um um um um um um well um um well our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor um um um um um um well you know like okay it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's you know you know well like like creation tools that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your you know uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay uh phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as as as as as as we speak well well like uh I mean. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your your your your your your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it so so so so so so it so it can be heard on okay you know you know I mean so Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast um you know know know know know know okay well uh with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to you know like okay um so make podcast in one place place place place place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor well I mean uh well well well well well well um dot. F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up up up up up up Walk-Ons episode number um I mean like uh well 95 coming at you. We're We're We're We're We're We're hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys so okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean so the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast where where where where where where we uh okay I mean I mean um talk to you about how you you you you you you can start and grow your hardscaping business in this week. We um we um we we we we we we um we um we um we um so well uh I mean are going to be be be be be be tackling a marketing week. That means that means that means that means that means means means means means means that means every day this week. You well you know well well well are likely going going going going going going to get an episode based on the topic of marketing. So we've so we've we've we've we've we've we've so we've so we've so we've so we've like like uh so well got a a a a a a lot of value come and actually this week is starting with today's episode is is is is is is you know I mean well well well Mark Morrison. Mark is mark is is is is is is mark is mark is mark is mark is actually a longtime friend of mine mine mine mine mine mine. He works for Intrigue like well like well uh media and he's here to talk talk talk talk talk talk with us about acquiring the right type of Clients for like uh well you you you you you you know uh your business not just any clients, but the best clients into your business well well well well well well I mean uh you know so. How do I identify them and how how how how how how to get them into your business as uh like like so uh leads leads leads leads leads leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome interview coming up like I I I I I I mean um okay you know with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado Ado Ado Ado Ado Ado here is our interview with like um well like like Mark Morrison today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business development manager for you you you you you you know I mean um so okay intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses businesses businesses businesses businesses businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a like like like like like like I mean like I mean like podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record okay well so you know you know and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast um um um um um um you know um uh um for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many other platforms like um well um well. You can make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership is uh I mean like like like like like like well um everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean um so the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to well you know okay okay well get started. Welcome to the node node node node node node or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor um I mean mean mean mean mean mean well so well holler at a player but I got all scheduled for for for for for for today. Is this is this is this is this is this is this what is is is is is is uh well so um well this? I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the um you know uh like like like like like like well podcast. So a big question that I get either via email or over over over over over over on uh you know like okay uh our YouTube channel is from people that are are are are are are just getting started with their I mean uh uh like like online store store store store store store and they want to know what they actually have to get done done done done done done you know okay I mean I mean so prior to launch. So kind of the technicality is is is is is is right and this is outside of so you know I mean well um how to to to to to to pick a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff okay okay okay okay okay okay so like like like. You can learn more about on my free training over at at at at at at Dropship webinarcom you know you know well well I mean. I'll post a link to to to to to to that in the the description by the way Dropship you know well like um um um um um um like webinar.com, but once you know all that stuff and you kind of of of of of of understand how uh well so like you know to build the business then the the the the the the question is, well, what do you actually have to like I mean so so um get get get get get get done before you make that website on Shopify before you contact your first first first first first first supplier before so I mean so like um you get your first sale? So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I want to to to to to to cover a business checklist in this podcast uh like well okay like go over over over over over over a couple different options you have and then let you know what well well okay well well well well well well um I do and what I recommend so with that being said, let's go go go go go go ahead uh well well you know like and get into today's episode. Okay. So So So So So So the so the so the so the so the so the first thing we should talk about.
We're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording recording right Adams Adams Adams Adams Adams Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad human um okay you know know know know know know so well being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did did did did did did two very um so you know uh I mean much so good. Yes good. I was was was was was was a safari I wasn't so hi everyone. We okay okay like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny. How uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like I mean are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good good good good good good had a sizable break. Yep. Yeah okay okay like well like currently in in in in in in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you had quite um like um okay okay okay okay okay okay well a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here here here here here here during our lesson on um uh okay you know um English to tell you a a a a a a little bit about something called anchor anchor is actually the so you know know know know know know um I mean um tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you you you you you you. So if I mean uh well uh okay you are listening to me right now, now, now, now, now, now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor anchor uh I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay like is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and record record record record record record and so um um so I mean edit. Build your podcast right on your your your your your your phone or your computer anchor distributes your podcast I mean you know um um well well well well well well for you. So I don't have to track down apple and Spotify and and and and and and Google anything it well you know um like well does that all automatically for me me me me me me. I just kind of click the button and it goes well uh like like like like like like like uh all by itself. You can make money from these podcasts right this ad ad ad ad ad ad that you're hearing uh okay okay um like right now is an ad ad ad ad ad ad that I've written for them so that I like um um okay um can make a a a a a a little bit of money off of this podcast. That's why it's well like okay you know know know know know know so free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th episode you know like like so uh of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We like like well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going okay uh you you you you you you know um well to talk Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State State State State State State Stoneybrook at you know like uh okay okay Bryant Denver at Notre Dame Dame Dame Dame Dame Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at um well uh like well well well well well well Maryland. Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse like like like like like like well um you know you know to sneak into this show here before I I I I I I get into it as always be so okay well you know like sure to like subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factorcom okay so like like well well well well well well. You can get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts um I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay okay and we're building on that every single day and then a little little little little little little bit from our well like so I mean uh sponsor sideline swap best place place place place place place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear um uh um you know like like like like like like hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go so go so go so go so go so go to sideline swap.com.
Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They um um um um um um you know well like so literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody so like like like like like like um you know you know. Welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to try to to to to to to try to try to try to try to Beth better spaced apart my okay so so so so so so so okay you know words because Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome anyway, welcome anyway, welcome anyway, welcome anyway, welcome anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well I mean podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator conspirator conspirator conspirator conspirator conspirator uh like okay I mean okay a this is my little kind of I guess guess guess guess guess guess you could say pod the caste. So okay so okay so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so okay so okay well um I would say if there is anyone listening listening listening listening listening listening thank you for tuning in. We okay like okay well okay just need tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is you know um I I I I I I mean so uh this podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See See See See See See the name is you know um I mean so okay conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going like um um uh so to talk about a Convent not not not not not not really conversation. Let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk talk talk talk talk talk about a statement from uh so you know uh like Brandi Love about her and and and and and and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship with um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you you you you you you haven't heard okay uh so okay um about anchor before downloading it this time, time, time, time, time, time, it is the easiest way to make I mean you know well like um um um um um um a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean um uh it's free. It's free to download is free to be be be be be be chord you talk uh well um um okay. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're like well uh you know so so so so so so doing it. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your so like you know uh well podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and and and and and and Shay. I have I have I have I have I have I have like like like like like like okay so I mean um just some random stuff. I want us to talk talk talk talk talk talk about before we talk about I mean um you know like um like like like like like like life. So last so last so last so last so last so last episode episode episode episode episode episode we both talked about how we were reading the Jessica okay okay like so so so so so so well Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have have have have have have to say anything okay well um uh um in case you haven't read but we we we we we we totally recommend it Shea tell me if okay you know I mean well you you you you you you know you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean you know I mean home - if I were John Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, I would be under a rock right so like like well like now. I I I I I I even I even I even I even I even I even went to his his his his his his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to see if like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when when when when when when I read so okay uh so like this but that bad it's not that bad bad bad bad bad bad. I went to his Instagram you know okay uh okay okay because I don't know in in in in in in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back we're back we're back we're back we're back we're we're we're we're we're we're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here with um um okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious hilarious hilarious hilarious hilarious hilarious like okay uh so um. I think you guys will think so, too. We're We're We're We're We're We're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording here from the Beverly Beverly Beverly Beverly Beverly Beverly Center like well like uh I mean and I can't wait for you guys to to to to to to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with you know well you know I mean you know know know know know know Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having um um um um um um um like well um me feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that that that that that that was weird. I'm okay like so you know you know sorry never never never never never never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much much much much much much I mean well uh I mean uh for coming. I like being here for for for for for for many reasons, but first of all okay um okay so you know because I feel like like like like like like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're uh um um um um um um um so well an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being being being being being being such a workaholic so uh like um uh and cursing out everyone in my son son son son son son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like a hot.
What is what is what is what is what is what is up guys? guys guys guys guys guys Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode well um okay uh well well well well well well This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once you you you you you you know so well um so a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So So So So So So I'm just about okay um okay I mean well to go live with him him him him him him right now. And this is what you're going to you know like um um um um um um okay um be hearing. So if you missed the live, this is your your your your your your opportunity to listen back uh so so uh you know on it it it it it it. So here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be well well well well well well like like so I mean able to get started in just a a a a a a few seconds invited them to I not connecting um I mean okay uh well well well well well well and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up guys Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up well um uh okay um an an an an an an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like well so. So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not not not not not not. Oh, certainly. Anyway uh okay uh uh so Look similar Tayo with PLC PLC PLC PLC PLC PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think I think I think I think I I I I I I think I think the discussion at all well like so so like previous Lisa is is is is is is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan uh uh well well uh uh uh uh uh uh corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian McDonough. Here's like uh so um so where we are at this very moment. We We We We We We know that in the United States well you know uh um um the death toll toll toll toll toll toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases are so um um um um um um uh like like based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred occurred occurred occurred occurred occurred. The number like so well I mean like of infections in the United United United United United United States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're scattered um like okay okay uh across across across across across across 15. It's with it's with it's with it's with it's with it's with 27 cases cases cases cases cases cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned that states well you know um um um um um um like so getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing home home home home home home you know uh so you know like outbreak apparently seated the first case in North North North North North North Carolina and Wake County resident who well you know you know well um had visited the the the the the the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah you know like okay so like the platform they will reason it up talk talk talk talk talk talk about things. You know, no rush. Here we go. Get uh um so well I I I I I I mean into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today we go get into into into into into into um so like well um it. And basically we go talk about the system system system system system system the system that's running the whole game okay um well well you know around us right now. That's That's That's That's That's That's why you have a Mac bitter truth to break it uh well like so like like like like like like down and I'm going to get into it because a lot of people said, oh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know okay okay my God, you break down this boy. You don't don't don't don't don't don't break. Don't die dog. You okay well um you know you know don't get get get get get get into certain things, but I get into what I know about. You I mean well well well well well well you know you know like know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, it's stuff that you know like I mean like okay I get into into into into into into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with with with with with with so um well um okay Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay McKay McKay McKay McKay McKay Bryson who is actually talk about but let's just uh you know like like like like like like uh okay say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he came up up up up up up with that so okay well okay well. He came up with a word awkward awkward awkward awkward awkward awkward in our acronyms. So very well okay uh so well proud of that. Okay. Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, and I'm I mean well you you you you you you know well I mean a junior here at BYU and I am am am am am am studying I'm studying Information Systems, which okay well well like um is very technical technical technical technical technical technical out. There. Are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where okay like okay like okay did did did did did did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
In 1964 in 1964 in 1964 in 1964 in 1964 in 1964 a young Pan Pan Pan Pan Pan Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport okay uh well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so I mean I mean stewardesses as he passed and strolled through security with with with with with with a brief flash of his security badge well so okay like well. He was was was was was was he was he was he was he was he was a well-known figure in in in in in in the terminal greeted warmly by all the you know um like um you know flight flight flight flight flight flight Personnel. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight flight flight flight flight flight to um so uh you know like Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was a a a a a a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free um I mean okay well so tickets to to to to to to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick like you know know know know know know so um you know look at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's pilot's pilot's pilot's pilot's pilot's license. He was quickly assured uh you know you know like uh aboard the next next next next next next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the the the the the the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged in Friendly.
Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen like okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean I mean and welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme supreme supreme supreme supreme supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises okay um uh okay I mean to the top top top top top top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her well um um um um um um so like like career. Everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis podcast run by fans for um like well okay so fans with with with with with with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay like I mean be digesting the last couple of weeks on the the the the the the ATP and WTA tours and so okay like like well having a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so you know uh under Professor Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and and and and and and head instructor of CJ you know so like you know you know of Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas in Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior I I I I I I mean uh so I mean you know and Professor Cambodia and eventually down to me me me me me me in the deep is my weekly podcast well uh so uh so that I I I I I I named to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know uh I mean cover some topics rarely taught by professors professors professors professors professors professors professors only show technique in the academy um like like uh um. They're great techniques, techniques, techniques, techniques, techniques, techniques, but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay well so uh tradition and respect just to name a few join me each each each each each each week as I well you know uh uh okay dive into these topics and much much much much much much more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business business business business business business needs Beauty uh so okay you know well. It's not just lipstick its business business business business business business. We will share a thought um I mean um you know okay provoking conversations with with with with with with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal our goal our goal our goal our goal our our our our our our goal is to empower motivate and inspire um okay you know I mean um you to to to to to to take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast so like like like like like like like so like. I am super excited to share today's interview with you. I I I I I I had a pleasure and interviewing like well um so so Angie Deepa teesta. Angie is a a a a a a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada okay well okay you know well and she she she she she she works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials commercials commercials commercials commercials commercials like I mean you know uh like and etcetera. She also does weddings and and and and and and Red Carpet Events and all of those like okay like um so things. She's She's She's She's She's She's a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean. Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far far far far far far now before this well I mean um um okay episode starts. I just want want want want want want to give a quick announcement. So the title of like okay like you know um um um um um um this podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I I I I I I okay like um um well thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just Just Just Just Just Just talking about random stuff, so you know um well um you know catch catch catch catch catch catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then as I well okay like like like like like like like so recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out out out out out out what uh like I mean I mean like the theme of this podcast should be be be be be be. So if you know notice a lot of um uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean so the things that we covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing growing growing growing growing growing well well like okay so up and things we deal with as a teenager or or or or or or as a young adult. So with so with so with so with so with so so so so so so with well well so like like that said the new title of the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast will be basically growing up so like you know uh okay. I finally figure out what what what what what what the theme of this podcast should be. So you know like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean well basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and so um uh okay so basically having them share what they think think think think think think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the upper upper upper upper upper upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the well you know um you you you you you you know um upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone tone tone tone tone tone and I'm your boy you know well so okay I mean Brett and and and and and and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've like you you you you you you know okay um uh got a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're we're we're we're we're we're going to so um I mean okay okay get into our AL East and at at at at at at least predictions and stats and all that so well like uh well stuff. So the the the the the the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let um so so so so so so okay okay like me lay him down. So he's so he's so he's so he's he's he's he's he's he's so he's so he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the okay so um um um um um um so you know floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let let let let let let me do so you know well like so this because he doesn't usually we'll see but but but but but but in this episode I am going to so okay uh um like talk talk talk talk talk talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well okay questions that I get about buying an old house and some some some some some some of the safety well you know you know I mean I mean concerns and and and and and and what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and and and and and and um you know okay okay so then make sure to stay all the way way way way way way to the end because I just started um uh so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where I answer okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well like you know a random question from Instagram. My name name name name name name is Lisa mom of six and creator of the I mean okay uh I I I I I I mean okay blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share with with with with with with you like um I mean like well my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter and the topic so so like you know uh of today's newsletter is going going going going going going to be struggling with my purpose in life okay like uh you know know know know know know well. This is this is this is this is this is this is something that that that that that that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality I mean you know know know know know know well uh okay is you're not going to stay positive all the time time time time time time. You're not always going like like like you know um to feel like things are going to to to to to to work out in your favor. You're not always okay uh uh uh so going going going going going going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to to to to to to be well you know okay I mean uh really great and you're going going going going going going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other okay okay like like like like like like well well days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're you're you're you're you're you're just a I mean uh um um well ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you you you you you you got people chirping in your ear and your life um okay uh well you you you you you you know telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that business business business business business business you want you know okay like I mean okay to build or that career you you you you you you want to have is just unrealistic for you well you know um you know know know know know know you know. So I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is well so I mean you you you you you you know I mean just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like like like like like like we have described in okay uh like um so the last couple of of of of of of episodes. We have a very high bar on the show. And this well um um um um um um okay uh well is the first show that we are doing in the greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest month that we have you know well I mean well um on the calendar and as as as as as as I've always stated it is the goal of this show uh I mean so so so so so so uh I mean to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that that that that that that he or she can uh so uh okay okay get on a regular basis and and and and and and you think about the idea of transcending like I mean so so well a space and and and and and and you think about the great speeches that we have had in our like you know you you you you you you know okay you know great country. History President history President history President history President history history history history history history President history President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the great words of of of of of of dr like so well um I mean. Martin Luther martin Luther martin Luther martin Luther Luther Luther Luther Luther Luther martin Luther martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought me on the the the the the the ride over okay you know well okay I mean to the studio today to some some some some some some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to to to to to to a okay um uh so you know motto and mother to four boys Avery Avery Avery Avery Avery Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison um I mean you know okay uh also also also also also also known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names well well well well well well um like uh you know do you get them all mixed up? She has has has has has has a Bachelor of Science degree in so uh okay okay uh criminal justice. She is is is is is is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach okay um uh like like like like like like like coffee with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she she she she she she and her husband well um um um so served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Church in San Diego, you know okay um uh um California. However, she feels her greatest: greatest: greatest: greatest: greatest: greatest: is being a mother to her for well so um okay um Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here with you know so you know um well Alonzo my first love. How How How How How How are how are how are how are how are how are you Alonzo? How is everything? everything everything everything everything everything How are you dealing like uh you know I mean well with all this Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your room or so uh well you know know know know know know uh you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first your first first first first first first your first your first your first your first love is always uh like like like like like like like I mean well like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
This is this is this is this is this is this is a mistake mistake mistake mistake mistake mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium and together so well well well well well well like uh um. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices choices choices choices choices choices in it. Oh and I mean uh um like I mean there's one one one one one one more thing. We haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't discussed the subject of payment, but I don't like okay you know uh well have I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what I so okay like like like like like like okay okay want from you is your voice. So without so without so without so so so so so so without so without so without my voice, how can I have like so uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
Hey guys, this is too true. It's your it's your it's your it's your your your your your your it's your it's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are friends you know um um um um um um okay like I mean from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so so so so so so glad you are here you know um I mean okay I mean with us today, and and and and and and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and you know well you know know know know know know you know well we're coming from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are are are are are are together today and feeling okay uh I mean like uh so excited to share with with with with with with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome I mean like like like like like like uh I mean so to true too true. So to me, that's right. The two of of of of of of us speaking are true you know uh uh you know um too. True. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, so, all right. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're going to talk about our like uh like you know uh story for for for for for for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do how do how do do do do do do how do how do how do um like well um like we express this? How How How How How How do we what do we think of what we title this? And like like like like like like uh you know so okay so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
Namaskar time everyone. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to well um um um um um um um you know uh encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go go go go go go to Anchor uh I mean like you know I mean Todd FM to get get get get get get started on this. It has made it. So easy so easy so easy so easy so so so so so so easy so easy guys, I did well so well so um not know, you know know know know know know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known well okay like I I I I I I mean um it like five ten years before early because all I need need need need need need to do is download um uh well like uh the anchor. I have record record record record record record my voice in it and just click post I mean um like like like like like like like like and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it it it it it it in all the um I mean well um well major podcast sides. You know know know know know know apps that are available and I do not need to I mean I I I I I I mean like uh uh do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys guys guys guys guys guys. You also need to like well like you know so make use of of of of of of it. If you if you if you if you if you if you have a message message message message message message if you have some come content, well so uh uh uh which you feel that needs to to to to to to reach out to the world or simply want well um um like so to post something make make make make make make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay like well shoes podcast. So today's so today's so today's so today's so today's today's today's today's today's today's so today's daily log. I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you you you you you you enjoy I mean I mean well so okay this one. If you do make sure sure sure sure sure sure to screenshot it and share it on social media I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean so um. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, Facebook, Facebook, Facebook, Facebook, Facebook, it's Olivia um well I mean so um Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to to to to to to us on iTunes, I would love you to leave okay okay well um so so so so so so a review and I can't wait to see what you think of it. Welcome to to to to to to so uh uh uh like episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one one one one one one this one this one this one this one this one is with the lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely Danny Morgan well um uh so uh. I know I know I know know know know know know I know I know I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
The views the views the views the views the views the views and opinions expressed by by by by by by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of well okay well well well well well well I mean um the company and its management for their more the views and opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions of like you know you know so like the guests and the colors do not reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect those of the DJ's the you know um you know okay uh regular program the management management management management management management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a you know like uh you you you you you you know I mean landline and strict on but no by at go by in a a a a a a so you know okay so uh module on barring my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Terra Terra Terra Terra Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know I know I know I know I know I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to for the long long long long long long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners like okay well um so so so so so so running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been running for you know well so so so so so so so well a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners on my travels I mean okay okay uh well all across the country. This podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome back like um um um well. I am am am am am am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for joining today okay well well well well well well okay so you know. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a a a a a a it's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's start with let's let's let's let's let's let's start well I mean okay like okay with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I I I I I I am an athlete and also an educator. So I so I so I so I so I so I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
Let me tell you why you're here. You're here you're here you're here you're here you're here here here here here here you're here because you know something. What you know I mean like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh you know, you can't explain. But you but you but you but you you you you you you but you but you feel it. You felt it your um you know you know know know know know know uh I mean entire life. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we we we we we we have our manager like okay like okay uh manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with with with with with with Dawn ready my best buddy, my best friend well um well uh so good good good good good good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we want to talk to to to to to to like um I mean okay uh them because they are the key ingredients ingredients ingredients ingredients ingredients ingredients to this major event coming up in April um you know I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear Barrel 5K fundraise by by by by by by I mean you know I mean like so the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically Basically Basically Basically Basically Basically like a whole weekend. Yeah. It's important it's important it's important it's important important important important important important it's important it's important well so so so um part of the 24th through Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday the 26th of April. So in so in so in so in so in so in this event did start as just the one day,.
What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, everybody and and and and and and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe um um okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know uh so back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find find find find find find out who it is um like you know well okay. All right. So our so so so so so so our so our so our so our so our special guest for today is Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss heart attack. So what's um okay um you know like up Miss heart attack? How How How How How How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long like um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay like time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been been been been been been a hot minute okay you know so you know I mean like nine years. I I I I I I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you uh so like like like like like like well okay every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly randomly randomly randomly randomly randomly and stuff like so okay uh you know okay that. So not as much I guess guess guess guess guess guess for you and I but as like um so um so far as playing and and and and and and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm always I mean I mean uh uh I mean amazed with much League League League League League League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting uh uh I mean okay well well well well well well skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you uh well well well well well well well I mean uh out. I've already listened to you enough the last two days, but but but but but but welcome. We I mean well like okay um have a lot of stuff to to to to to to go over today. Not really because we just watch um uh you know like like like like like like uh the same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools pools pools pools pools pools so like like um okay now. Yeah. Thanks both of you on the ends. The The The The The The fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck do I was listening listening listening listening listening listening um uh well um okay back to the companion stream and you were were were were were were like, oh, it's not that bad um uh so okay you know right on this this this this this this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast like you know okay okay so so so so so so when I saw you live say I did not that bad. But what but but but but but but what but what but what but what but what I'm doing I mean so so so so so so um well um is I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities about about about about about about picking Rhino. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so you you you you you you know you know you know well um happy about it. Yeah hiring yeah hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring happy with my selections about about about about about about you. You were you were you were you were you were you were the worst worst worst worst worst worst I mean I mean like like I mean I couldn't think of to like, like, like, like, like, like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together together together together together together on this uh well so like so leading-edge experience by saying to you that you you you you you you really are the creator of your own reality um um you know okay you know and and and and and and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that you are you you you you you you are um I mean uh okay okay in the process of creating most of you you you you you you two realities contrast is causing like you know um I mean um you you you you you you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source. In other like I I I I I I mean so um like words. You are creating the reality of who you are are are are are are as the eternal uh uh um you know okay. Well being that you are and and and and and and you are also in the process of creating the well okay like I mean like like like like like like reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute and we want those those those those those those well um um um well realities to merge and the only way that those realities realities realities realities realities realities can merge is for you well you know I mean I mean you know know know know know know to come with us in other words because we're not going with you. We uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like okay okay are not going to complain with you about the the the the the the injustices of your world because we okay you know you know well okay see them not we we we we we we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
Due to due to due to due to due to due to the graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of uh well like like like like like like like um violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution so I mean uh okay you know for children under the age of 13 13 13 13 13 13 17 year old Alia ta was you know uh uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party um like like like like like like so you know you know when she heard her phone buzzed with the text text text text text text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle well like um you know you know Carter asking what what what what what what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very I mean uh I I I I I I mean uh you know well. They had just started volunteering together at a children children children children children children summer camp a few weeks um uh so you know I mean earlier, they'd hardly hardly hardly hardly hardly hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied to so um uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a a a a a a party um I mean well uh like Ali thought that would be the end end end end end end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the the the the the the you know um you know like you know Love is Blind Ryu Ryu Ryu Ryu Ryu Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here. Here so you you you you you you know you know like um. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever forever forever forever forever forever. It has. Hi guys. So you know well you know I mean well good to to to to to to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with blind. I Do's Do's Do's Do's Do's Do's The you know you know uh okay I mean Love is Blind recap show recapping the the the the the the reunions. Ya betta is that I don't I mean I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean know, but it did. It did feel good to have the family family family family family family all back together okay well you know so so. So good to see everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually talk with the you know uh I mean um um um um um um uh contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past um um um um um um uh uh um uh and is intended to communicate such events to the public in in in in in in a dramatic uh you know uh so um manner any reference to artificial or natural natural natural natural natural natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in well you know I mean I I I I I I mean well nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting reporting reporting reporting reporting reporting is okay well um you know um based on the sequence of events reported to to to to to to the public and does not constitute an you know um I mean um um opinion opinion opinion opinion opinion opinion statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees like uh I I I I I I mean I mean um. Ploys newscaster bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener Listener Listener Listener Listener Listener discretion is advised. Hi, so uh I mean so I mean my name is Sue Sue Sue Sue Sue Sue darshan. This is this is this is this is this is this is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily you know know know know know know so uh like like toothbrushing show. Its heroines week and every day we're telling telling telling telling telling telling you the story of a heroine okay well like you know okay start brushing on the the the the the the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in you know so so so so so so uh so I mean the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we we we we we we talk about heroic women okay you know so you know I mean from history tonight's tonight's tonight's tonight's tonight's tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save um um um um um um like okay well well America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story story story story story story that people have okay um you know um so told about what happened many many many many many many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called I mean I mean well well well well well well uh I mean the United States the British and Americans were War. It was was was was was was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with well well well well well well well you know I mean um Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built like I mean so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road well well well well well well like um uh I mean. They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined reimagined reimagined reimagined reimagined reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew so you know well well like through the Streets Streets Streets Streets Streets Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in so so so so so so well well you know well the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what what what what what what was happening indoors inside a like uh okay you know okay small dingy house on on on on on on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was you know I mean you you you you you you know okay so locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as as as as as as she felt an uh you know uh well like evil presence enter the room room room room room room. She'd been ordered. The Holy the Holy the Holy the Holy the Holy the Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life life life life life life through well so I mean well you know the lens of the good good good good good good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host Dustin Kensrue well uh uh you you you you you you know well and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and Divergent okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um uh okay backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through through through through through through each other's unique perspectives you know you know um I mean like. And there is is is is is is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did you know like um um um um um um well so to do to live and to act but certainty the things most most most most most most of us believe okay um you know okay I mean 40 years ago ago ago ago ago ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we don't we don't we don't we don't don't don't don't don't don't we don't we're not certain about so uh you know um um exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight um um um um um um I mean uh I mean well to you from the Arizona cactus and the the the the the the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? I mean I mean you know so so What you you you you you you doing? Oh watching oh watching oh watching oh watching oh watching oh watching watching watching watching watching watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these like so so like like like like like like I mean fucking pervs. I know I cannot believe you people picked this this this this this this podcast podcast to listen um uh well so um to two girls and one phone phone phone phone phone phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for um well like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it I mean okay so um like like like like like like is. Why or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on on on on on on uh I mean uh well like some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode this episode of Beyond reality has been divided I I I I I I mean so um so you know into two parts. This is this is this this this this this this is this is this is this is part 2 in which we talk talk talk talk talk talk about Tim okay so you know well um Cohen's book The Antichrist in a a a a a a cup of tea and which Tim not only claims. The uh um well well well well well well um I mean Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are are are are are are fascinating discussions. So, please enjoy you know okay you know I mean okay them them them them them them and thank you for your support. The night the night the night the night the night night night night night night the night may be long and the well um like I mean you know dark maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's you know so so so so so so so you know well the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right right right right right right place. Let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go beyond so I I I I I I mean like I mean like reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, books, books, books, books, books, including the Antichrist in a cup of like well um uh uh uh uh uh uh um tea. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking about that next. But before but before but before but before but before but before before before before before before we do just a well okay uh so okay quick reminder go to to to to to to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just like you know um so so so so so so uh search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like so. There's no Gation no fee. It's all it's all it's it's it's it's it's it's all it's all it's all it's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for well well well well well well like um I mean you know your day. This is Dunedin. I want to thank thank thank thank thank thank you all so much for well like so you know like joining me on on on on on on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray pray pray pray pray pray you know okay uh well so this one on this morning. I'm just going to to to to to to pray for your week. I'm just you know you know um so um going to to to to to to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out of so I I I I I I mean um uh uh it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me me me me me me. Normally. I don't stay home like um um so I mean from work, but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted uh well I mean you you you you you you know uh to make sure that I got on the prayer call before I went back back back back back back uh so uh well you know to bed. So today I'm going to pray for for for for for for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the well like like like like like like like you know well fate of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases releases releases releases releases releases and feature films okay well well okay uh Millions have tried to stitch together the the the the the the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy uh I mean well okay so these these these these these these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast every Wednesday uh so um you know I mean. We tell the complicated stories stories stories stories stories stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups okay uh like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds I I I I I I mean um well um okay flash past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Ahmad Ahmad Ahmad Ahmad Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by so like like like like like like well you know so Schrute Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull Bull Bull Bull Bull Bull and it's gonna be um uh you know uh so her tech gear separately separately separately separately separately separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello like um uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so and welcome my hoodie. And how and how and how and how how how how how how and how and how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce you know uh so so so so so so uh like Korea Ki baat Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about about about about about about basically making okay you know I mean like uh self. So skilled kid kid kid kid kid kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a well um um well well well well well well like really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are I I I I I I mean okay like uh you know there to be found whether it's the normal the the the the the the abnormal or the Paranormal I mean I mean um well you know you're in in in in in in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm like like like like like like you know you know I mean so really excited to have Kelly coffee with with with with with with a she's returning guest also so so like I mean I mean a renowned psychic psychic psychic psychic psychic psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness um I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so I mean if they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her her her her her her life's mission in helping Humanity uh I mean okay so you know. Let go of of of of of of whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back like well uh um um um um um um okay to be on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having you you you you you you know so okay well so me back hug daughter of mine. You sound like like like like like like you might be getting over something okay like well uh so you doing? Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top like like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh so of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
Spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want to to to to to to I mean I mean um you know so stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple couple couple couple couple couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Pruitt so you know well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description and like like like like like like like uh so uh I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie was certainly I mean uh you know I mean well going to be 2020s Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley um like okay so uh was was was was was was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie I mean mean mean mean mean mean so well so well was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's she's she's she's she's she's not the Bachelorette so she okay so uh like I mean has to be be be be be be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of of of of of of right now I see okay like well okay um no other explanation unless y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in well well so uh like like like like like like the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But I but but but but but but I but I but I but I but I mean well like um okay if you're you're you're you're you're you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier I I I I I I mean so you know so well today. So check that out on on on on on on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after I mean okay so so so so so so so you know show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host host host host host host chef Graham. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are we are we we we we we we are we are we are we are getting ready for like well okay like like like like like like so the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker sister so so so so so so okay I mean you know so Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland um well okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago Chicago Chicago Chicago Chicago Chicago she so I mean well I mean uh serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, committee, committee, committee, committee, committee, not the whole committee. She serves on uh I mean you know well so the committee committee committee committee committee committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks she speaks she speaks she she she she she she speaks she speaks she speaks internationally for ladies conferences and well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean well um events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy um um um um um um well you know uh so. He's a CO chair person of the Irish primary physical physical physical physical physical physical education Association, and on this you know okay okay so well podcast, we've had had had had had had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the well you know so you you you you you you know uh Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our our our our our our most downloaded episode you know so like okay like to date. We also we also also also also also also we also we also we also we also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum curriculum and episode 66 and Dan well um um like you know with the Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who okay uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean like listen to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from from from from from from different areas uh so so um okay of the world. So we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're so we're so we're going to keep finding people who know them them them them them them well to uh you know so uh um explain them on the pad podcast. So So So So So So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons okay you know so like okay. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with with with with with with me. This week is a lie - man uh well well okay um. That's That's That's That's That's That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating character hooks well well well well well well um I mean well well as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not not not not not not answering lesser questions again because um like um so like we don't have have have have have have any because we've been selected for any of them. So send so send so send so so so so so so send so send so send uh so so um like those into difficulty difficulty difficulty difficulty difficulty difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all that Ali are well um um um um um um I mean well I mean you games this week? So since the first time since we we we we we we started playing um uh so you know well doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D D&D D&D D&D D&D D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you know uh like um well you you you you you you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a lot of blood-borne well well well well well well um um um I mean and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much much much much much much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a okay um um um um um um uh you know um podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record uh um so like well and edit your podcast right from from from from from from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will will anchor will distribute your um uh okay like uh podcast for you. So it so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many you know okay like I mean well more you can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything like you you you you you you know well so well you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the the the the the the free anchor app or well well well well well go to incurred on FM to to to to to to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a I mean I mean well I I I I I I mean like woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr like like like like like like so okay I mean I mean. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and and and and and and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative uh so okay okay like like like like like like medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with with with with with um like um um you know Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist assist assist assist assist assist Technologies. It's built to well okay uh like uh help you outsmart some of the the the the the the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're okay you know so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is you you you you you you know like so well well Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student so so you know so so in Santa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa. California was california was california was california was california was california was raped strangled and dumped after after after after after after she hitched a ride I mean okay you know uh I mean late. One night night night night night night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known so so so so so so okay I mean uh well as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday you you you you you you know um uh okay so night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the the the the the the history series and also Snow I mean like well uh I mean ending with other other other other other other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean you know I mean. I'm pouring and now I always try to to to to to to put together something as I mentioned the well so well um uh other day day day day day day. I'd only I'd only I'd only I'd only I'd only I'd only time I ever ever ever ever ever ever write anything down is Is there something going to shop well well like like like like like like I mean like a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it it it it it it or not? Because okay uh okay um okay they always write a a a a a a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I I I I I I I mean okay so like uh like the liver because important you drink, you you you you you you know know, you know, you can't um I mean like um like remember what what what what what what you're saying. So I have a text in front of me. So I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent sent sent sent sent sent him a driver toga. For his for his for his for his for his for his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about well like like like like like like well uh I mean a little bit of how we started with here on on on on on on anchor and one of the best I mean well uh I mean you you you you you you know things about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast so well you know well okay. There's a lot of creation tools that allow you you you you you you to record and edit your I mean okay okay like okay podcast right from your your your your your your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay well like download the free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started check I mean uh I mean well so it out. It's going going going going going going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast you know so well well well well well well um like to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will well like like like like like like well okay um be sitting down with people's to talk about their story and and and and and and their successes. It um it um it um it um it um it um um um um um um um so um okay doesn't mean you have to be a CEO doesn't mean mean mean mean mean mean you have to be some big movie star. This is this is this is this is this is this is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the the the the the the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website you know you you you you you you know like uh so at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let Let Let Let Let Let me just ask you how you know so um uh you know many of you you you you you you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how how how how how how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good good good good good good oh good oh good oh good oh good oh good um okay uh I I I I I I mean you know. You how about those who do not want to admit their their their their their their age 30 above so so okay you know you know so that everything is now since since since since since since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow it I mean um well um uh uh uh uh uh uh to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to to to to to to introduce you? so I mean um you know uh Okay, what's up guys? My name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name is Andre. You're listening to this this this this this this. You already you already you already you already you already you already know uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh you know um who I am. I'm in the car with Logan Logan Logan Logan Logan Logan. So guys, so guys, so guys, so guys, so guys, so guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, how's it going? Okay, you know like like so you know so Logan's my my my my my my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray the rest of of of of of of you know well you know so I mean this podcast because we we went to to to to to to tank. It's all it's all it's all it's all it's all it's all about about about about about about the only school we like um um well so went to but we are currently currently currently currently currently currently driving. Back to back to back to back to back to back to Abilene Abilene Abilene Abilene Abilene Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask I mean okay I mean like um either of of of of of of us why we had really don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I I mean I I I I I I mean okay like like don't know why we going. All right guys before we jump jump jump jump jump jump into this like I mean well I mean like episode. I'm going to tell tell tell tell tell tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't heard of uh you know um um um um um um well uh Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you you you you you you need is so so well uh okay in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a Brielle fancy seeing you here like so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh um today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind kind kind kind kind kind of you know okay uh uh so like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really I mean I mean you know well well know what what what what what what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with a you you you you you you know um okay uh like Brielle. That's how that's how that's how that's how how how how how how that's how that's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself myself myself myself myself myself a okay okay like I mean um polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I I I I I I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle so like I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the ability I I I I I I mean um um like um to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
Spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune so tune so tune so so so so so so tune so tune so tune out if like I mean um well like you want want want want want want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that you know know know know know know uh so I mean I mean Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming filming filming filming filming filming something with a production crew Link in well okay well uh um the description and and and and and and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was uh um um um um um um okay um um certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead dead dead dead dead dead because Claire Crawley uh so well uh okay was announced as next season's leading woman woman woman woman woman woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie so maddie so maddie so maddie so maddie maddie maddie maddie maddie maddie so maddie so so you know so like was filming something weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has well okay well well well well well well well um to be the winner of this season, right? Is there is there is is is is is is there is there is there is there any other reason Maddie would well well uh um um um um um um I mean have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see see see see see see no other so um so okay uh explanation unless y'all have other theories theories theories theories theories theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the like so okay uh uh comments comments comments comments comments comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if if if if if if you're okay um like so so new to Clare Crawley, I just did did did did did did a deep dive on her earlier today okay you know you know well like. So So So So So So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor well um well okay you know after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on so uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so okay. It's just like I don't know what it is. Like Like Like Like Like Like the power of music is I mean um so you know I mean a a a a a a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have have have have have have well you know okay well um never met a lot of the three babies we we we we we we have he is the like like well okay so one he is the one one one one one one that loves music so much he will walk by I mean um I mean you you you you you you know okay the what is that and home pod? And he will point point point point point point to it. I'll pick okay so um I mean uh him up. He'll touch it it it it it it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music so so you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh. He loved he loved he loved he loved he loved he loved music so so so so so so much to the point where if he can't touch it like um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um he will start screaming until he does the reason why we're we're we're we're we're we're talking about this as well well well so okay like, I was kind of of of of of of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to like well uh okay so how how how how how how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like uh I I I I I I mean like you know um are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a a a a a a little peeved right now. We just we just we just we just we just we just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open. Sweet Sweet Sweet Sweet Sweet Sweet well okay I mean you know I mean cool. Got it. Oh for those who are are are are are are listening we are once again calling uh I mean well you know well in in in in in in because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so like you know okay you you you you you you know we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against against against against against against the other you know well uh um okay. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Dukes to to to to to to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're well um well so so so so so so okay here. We're here we're here we're here we're here we're we're we're we're we're we're here we're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top top top top top top to you know so you know so like worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and and and and and and baseball and I not soccer he like like like uh you know plays hockey and and and and and and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball you know so you know know know know know know I mean I mean and hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want want want want want want me to start I mean so well so uh off? All right. All right right right right right right. So I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll I'll go in in in in in in chronological order. So you know well like like well my first injury from way way way way way way back when I was in eighth grade. It's okay you know okay uh I I I I I I mean written soccer and this one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are so so so so so so well okay uh I mean and I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and and and and and and grab a drink or you could um I mean okay like like just keep doing what what what what what what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come you know um um um um um um I mean I mean okay chat with us about Jesus prayer community and life life life life life life. So let's get started. Hi um I mean um so okay Jenna. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long I mean well well well well well well so uh okay. Tell me about it since last week when we recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm so so uh I mean so excited to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you thank you thank you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you so much Beth well well um you know so so so so so so. It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me me me me me me. I'm just you know like uh I mean well thrilled to see you again again again again again again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She just she just she just she she she she she she just she just she just raving okay so um um like about you. I almost thought thought thought thought thought thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category. Probably uh uh I mean you you you you you you know you know really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing I I I I I I mean okay uh uh so spreading faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes Vibes Vibes Vibes Vibes Vibes that LeBron James well like like you know uh and Anthony Davis are are are are are are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because so well I mean well well believe believe believe believe believe believe it or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh uh okay if it and I are not good at finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered that okay okay uh like okay in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with your your your your your your like I mean uh well I mean host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a a a a a a place where people wanting to discover more well okay uh like like about spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New like like like like like like like I mean well so Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of of of of of of the shows will well okay well so I mean be just me rambling about about about about about about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other shows I mean okay like um uh uh uh uh uh uh will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join join join join join join you know um well you know like me on this journey as we discuss in in in in in in open up about what spirituality in today's okay okay well well I mean world really really really really really really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't don't don't don't don't don't so um well um so have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because because because because because because you have expenses. If uh if uh if uh if uh if uh if uh you you you you you you know okay well I mean you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and and and and and and eventually have to close up shop I mean so okay so like. Here's what what what what what what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get get get get get get back in search results uh okay I mean well like ultimately winning you more more more more more more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from like so okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Rocky GH with you know well okay so uh Airbnb automated and let's talk about about about about about about how to get get you more bookings okay so well well I mean. Welcome back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back are being the family family family family family family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and so um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean so I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of of of of of of commitment or well uh like uh like permanence. Some of these are going to be super super super super super super simple to implement. They're just going to like I mean um uh um um um um um um be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some okay um um um um um um like so like might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
Due to due to due to due to due to due to the graphic nature of of of of of of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode I mean um um um I I I I I I mean contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may may may may may may find like you know um uh well offensive. We advise we advise we advise we we we we we we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly Connolly Connolly Connolly Connolly Connolly was like I mean well um I mean irritated. She didn't understand why her her her her her her mom had dragged her to this cramped okay okay uh uh okay office. The whole whole whole whole whole whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy you know so well well well well well well I mean so Jeff. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response response response response response response. He said Lisa you're I mean I mean well you know so involved in a a a a a a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage client uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh so like had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not not not not not not just you know you know uh like uh what we get to Define. Its how how how how how how God calls us to himself. He is he is he is he is he is is is is is is he is the well I mean well okay well more to do a low low low low low low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know what okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean um you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot hot hot hot hot hot. Sorry be you know um uh uh you know more that makes sense. Us Us Us Us Us Us be more yes, this is part 1 of uh I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh 2 of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to to to to to to uh okay well I mean okay Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is is is is is is Father Andrew Strobel. This you know you know um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And And And And And And today and today and today and today and today and today we're getting some and you know what they say.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh in the name of the father and the son and the holy holy holy holy holy holy spirit. Amen. It's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay you know like called a mind all those who promise to pray for for for for for for Hope is the theological virtue like you know so so okay by which we we we we we we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing all all all all all all uh okay I mean um I mean our trust in Christ promises and and and and and and relying not on our own strength, but on the so so um well like help help help help help help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive for Holiness you you you you you you know well like I mean you know we strive to become a saint as something which which which which which which is possible but not yet guaranteed I mean so so you know you know know know know know know. And there and there and there and there and there and there are three conditions needed needed needed needed needed needed for the virtue of Hope first and active um well well well so pursuit of of of of of of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard I mean so you know you know uh about anchor it's actually the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. So let I mean uh um so uh uh uh uh uh uh me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely it's completely it's it's it's it's it's it's completely it's completely it's completely it's completely free to do there's uh uh um you you you you you you know like creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right from your phone you know like well uh so or computer. So it's really really really really really really really easy to do. Do anchor will distribute your podcast okay um um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And so many many many many many many um like um you know so more you can also make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's okay like okay I mean okay everything you need to to to to to to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this this this this this this you know um uh so you know is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for for for for for for joining us today. I prayed okay I mean you know I mean I mean this word word word word word word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship well okay okay okay okay okay okay well so uh with God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go go go go go go I can't go with uh well uh well um this one. Can you is it it it it it it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is it you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted quoted quoted quoted quoted quoted second chronicles 7 and uh well okay uh uh 14. We're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going to finish this series the series next time time time time time time next Sunday. I want well so I mean uh so to I want to do do do do do do this. I got I got I got I got I got I got to teach this this this this this this word and like um well I mean okay I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience like like like like like like okay uh I mean so. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of of of of of of the month today and which I really really I mean so uh um so loved loved loved loved loved loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of the uh I I I I I I mean um okay okay month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the the the the the the Lord you okay so I mean like you know are here. There are so many many many many many many people that didn't see out last month and you've like um so like like like like like like like got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to to to to to to okay uh uh uh well make some changes this month if you weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't happy with last month and you can you know like you know okay so make make make make make make a difference and I want you to see that as something Really really um um um um um um like okay so well really serious and really something to be so grateful for for for for for for because sometimes we just like you know okay you know well take things for for for for for for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different different different different different different. Sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I speak to people and they.
Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me me me me me me for to find out um like like you know well it's like well don't look look look look look look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good uh uh well okay uh. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll you know know know know know know like okay I mean I mean Be announcing shortly. We will be what what what what what what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? you know okay well um okay We have have have have have have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for well well well well well well um I mean um you know the good week. We've been busy lots to to to to to to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, I mean I mean um uh you you you you you you know you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson well you know okay I mean so and his followers made sure this era of of of of of of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer like I mean okay well so of 69 is now now now now now now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer okay I mean like um um um um um um uh knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn learn learn learn learn learn so um uh well okay some true crime history in this trivia podcast every every every every every every episode. We cover a new you know you know uh okay you know topic topic topic topic topic topic like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like like okay okay okay you you you you you you know John Gotti who gunned their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Ted Ted Ted Ted Ted you know um so okay you know Bundy who craved notoriety this week. We're looking looking looking looking looking looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. My uh my uh my uh my uh my uh my uh uh like like like like like like so well name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of of of of of of the things that I mean so you know um well I wanted to to to to to to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I am interested okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so uh so in and I want to learn more about and one of of of of of of those things is Ecommerce businesses I mean so like well so. How do you you you you you you start an e-commerce business? How do you get the necessary licensing here here here here here here you know so um so uh in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of of of of of of the things that somebody who wants well okay I mean like uh to start an an an an an an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business which is why I've invited like like like like like like so well okay well Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency created nine nine nine nine nine nine seven one is okay um uh uh uh the leading Shopify and Shopify Shopify Shopify Shopify Shopify Shopify plus expert digital agency here in the Middle East they work okay like like um okay okay okay okay okay okay with local and international brands in the Middle East some of which include the names names names names names names so uh okay well you know of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares shares shares shares shares shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will will will will will will learn you know well well okay like from stories experience trials and errors to to to to to to live a more measured life with less like well well so um cussing unless absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely necessary. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host okay you know so um um um um um um well Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Hancock so okay like like so. Just glad you have an old friend. It's It's It's It's It's It's true. They say wisdom comes with age. Not you not you not you not you you you you you you not you not you know well you know so so always the case. Do you you you you you you say that? I don't know who said that I heard it you know so so so so so so well like I mean in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I I I I I I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
This is this is this is this is this is this is Holy Family School School School School School School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin like I mean um well uh in the the the the the the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know I mean was called a mind all those we promise to to to to to to pray for. I think the uh like um like okay most exhilarating truth is that that that that that that before the world was created God already had you and okay I mean uh well well well well well well so I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of well well well well well well I mean um I mean like history that no other person can or ever ever ever ever ever ever will take we were designed for like like well uh I mean this role and and and and and and only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh uh so Father favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us us us us us us are alike you know okay you know like well. God saw a specialty in in in in in in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to to to to to to so so you know you know um introduce to you the love below. This is is is is is is our new podcast. It's an um like you know so like idea that we had had had had had had talked about in the past and we're just so you know so well okay okay okay okay okay okay wanting to make it a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby baby baby baby baby baby to uh okay well I mean well the world. So here we are are are are are are welcome to your first episode of the love the uh uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean um law. So we kind of just want to talk give you an Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight Insight of so I mean um okay so you know, what made us start this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and how we know each like well I mean okay um other and who we are are are are are are individually and kind of what we want this podcast you know I mean uh so like like like like like like to be about and so yeah, it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you you you you you you guys well um like well you know liked getting to know us. I'm so without further Ado Ado Ado Ado Ado Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it is it is it it it it it it is it is it is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard. Elmer well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I think think think think think think you well okay um like um guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Peterson is in the house okay uh okay so like Nick how we doing exceptional? exceptional exceptional exceptional exceptional exceptional How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really okay so well well well well well well well well good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good good good good good good. Now um um like okay okay you called me you have a a a a a a little bit of a gripe about the results of the uh you know know know know know know well okay um presidential draft. So we're just going to get right right right right right right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
Well, good morning. It's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake Jake Jake Jake Jake Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival you know so well well well well well well so like selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade grade grade grade grade grade um so well so so 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give Give Give Give Give Give me some prices on now, we've like you know you know well well currently got got got got got got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our uh well uh um um um um um um like home at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher Fisher Fisher Fisher Fisher Fisher still okay well I mean um well listed and seven to one but I I I I I I believe he's going the article samcro. To um to um to um to um to to to to to to um to um like um like uh one for he later won. But But But But But But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band well like like you know um Now Now Now Now Now Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for like okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh okay teens melons 16 and so on so forth. I think I think think think think think think I think I think I think I think it's not really a race. I've um I I I I I I mean you know I mean so looked into much myself personally as in going for a a a a a a horse to the back, but okay uh like so so if I was was was was was was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on you know I I I I I I mean so you know well the TV talk now. We were off last last last last last last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So well well so so uh I apologize. I I I I I I know we had so many people hit us up saying where I mean you know know know know know know well I mean you know is the after show? So we so we so so so so so so we so we so we so we figured on the week off? We're We're We're We're We're We're not actually well okay okay uh I mean having an episode. Whoa. Come on, on, on, on, on, on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up I mean I I I I I I mean um well so. Have a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast of well like well like uh the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in other words words words words words words Natalie well okay uh well um deleted all the footage for the first first first first first first one. It was an accident. I didn't know like so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh you know how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I I I I I I thought I was well okay um so I mean just editing the video cuz I I I I I I heard is editing the video as you press well you know you know um well the the the the the the trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the um um um um um um well okay I mean you know past. We Yeah, we actually did spend a a a a a a fat two hours kind of record well uh well you know you know that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just well so so so so so so like okay uh can't figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm let me well okay uh uh so give you a proper introduction. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great well um well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay if you're wondering why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't because I I mean you know I mean um okay in no way way way way way way shape or form in any. Any circle any circle any circle any circle any circle circle circle circle circle circle any circle of any group of people you know so you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean and popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would well you you you you you you know so so like put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year year year year year year old girl. Just try so like you know you know you know to figure figure figure figure figure figure out life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like uh um um um um um um um like well everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta I mean mean mean mean mean mean um like like okay tell that devil who you are today. I woke I woke I I I I I I woke I woke I woke I woke up and I told the devil who you you you you you you know so you know uh so I am in Christ. I am complete in in in in in in him who is the uh I mean um I mean well head of all principality principality principality principality principality principality and power. I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am alive in Christ. I am free from um I mean you know like you you you you you you know the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the like like like like like like like um so I mean enemy cannot come near me. I am born of of of of of of God and the evil one so like well um I mean cannot touch me me me me me me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am I mean like like like like like like well well I mean in right standing with the father. I have the the the the the the mind of Christ. I have you know um uh well um the peace of of of of of of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me uh so so so so so so okay I mean like than he that is in the world. I have received received received received received received the power of the so like well so okay Holy Spirit. I have put put put put put put up the old and put on the new I have been um you know like like like like like like um I mean given and it's been given to me. I have have have have have have no lack for my God shall you know like well okay like supply all my my my my my my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
Thank you. I like I like I like I like I like I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all all all all all all the so so okay you know you know shorter episodes that we've been putting putting putting putting putting putting out over the past couple weeks. This will this will this will this will this this this this this this will this will like I mean you know uh uh not be one of those those those those those those. This is going to be a nice long discussion um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably probably probably probably probably probably To um like so okay okay be more than one episode at least two two two two two two episodes for us to get through like well well okay uh all this chemicals. Like Like Like Like Like Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good um so um um um um um um like like. I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's he's he's he's he's he's going to make like like well um I mean every Lamar Jackson and compare it it it it it it to Joe Flacco go on right okay you know uh I mean I mean Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having I I I I I I mean like okay um well me on Nam im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
Today is today is today is today is today is today is Friday, March 6th 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's so okay um uh like Espionage Espionage Espionage Espionage Espionage Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial the the the the the the so you know so I mean well rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a a a a a a matter of debate. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to welcome to today and true-crime uh I mean like like um a a a a a a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the 1951 Espionage trial trial trial trial trial trial well uh so okay I mean of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions actions actions actions actions actions against the US were considered. So heinous FBI I mean um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean well director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of the century before um um um um um um you know well you know you know we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean well um well well is about business Behavior. And the Brain Brain Brain Brain Brain Brain on this show. I do I do I do I do I do I I I I I I do a few things like um uh okay um. I read quick articles. I've I've I've I've I've I've written I've written I've written I've written I've written I've written about topics shaping your behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior. I interview authors of like uh like uh okay books. I enjoy and from time to to to to to to time. I devote episodes to answering your questions. If I mean like okay I I I I I I mean well you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on on on on on on iTunes I mean well so uh uh go to ratings and reviews and ask ask ask ask ask ask me a question by leaving a review okay I mean okay like okay. I promise promise promise promise promise promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So I I I I I I mean well you know uh um please ask me anything now enjoy the episode episode episode episode episode episode and for more you can always so like uh uh like visit me at at at at at at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um uh like Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy habit takes repetition to so so uh okay you know stick but while while while while while while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
It is it is it is it is it is it is Thursday, March March March March March March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm so well well like you know know know know know know Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower lower lower lower lower lower than uh okay you know okay well you think HootSuite launches a premium listening listening listening listening listening listening platform. At least. I think they have okay uh like um um YouTube launches a very new new new new new new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors okay uh well okay um um um um um um and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster Minster Minster Minster Minster Minster blam. Here's I mean I mean uh you know so what you missed missed missed missed missed missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital so um okay um um um um um um um marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like like like like like like uh well like like so those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook and everything is within your okay uh you know well um control. So So So So So So imagine so imagine so imagine so imagine so imagine so imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack everything well um I mean you know I mean from Hardware to software software software software software software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you well so like like like like like like like I mean can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This This This This This This episode is brought uh I mean you know um so to you by anchor when we we we we we we decided to create a podcast. We wanted to figure so you know so well well well well well well well out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they give so so so so so so um I mean so well you everything you need in one place for free free free free free free and you can use it from your you know okay um uh I mean computer computer computer computer computer computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like about anchor well well well well well well okay uh well like they have some creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record and edit your podcast like uh so so so. They'll distribute your podcast for you you you you you you so that you'll be heard everywhere and they I mean uh like like um have some some some some some some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no minimum listenership. So So So So So So so um you know um like if you want to give it a try try try try try try and make your very you know I mean so okay um own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children um um um um um um like like well uh. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something something something something something something to note. The Story You're like okay like so you know about to hear is is is is is is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's um well I I I I I I mean you know I mean episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Legends stories and lure to uh okay so you know you know give you the the the the the the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves so uh I I I I I I mean so I mean lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's water's water's water's water's water's edge a child named many pests okay okay uh like like dried himself his his his his his his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to to to to to to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got I've got I've got I've got got got got got got I've got I've got Andy on you know like um you know okay which means means means means means means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you. How like um so so so so so so like okay about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much much much much much much better. But I but I but I but I but I but I I I I I I mean well like like like now it's really bad again might have been because I I I I I I try to train legs okay uh like okay well. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not not not not not not a smart idea. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean are are are are are are you I didn't even do like uh well okay okay that before I hurt my my my my my my back you're as you see you're one of these uh okay I mean you know well well well well well well people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've so so so so so so uh like like um learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've I've I've I've I've I've definitely I've definitely I've definitely I've definitely I've definitely I've definitely not as as as as as as soon as so um well uh you know it feels better again. I will be doing doing doing doing doing doing the same thing, but I am using um like um well okay this special injection injection injection injection injection injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers so fingers so fingers so fingers so so so so so so fingers so fingers crossed that it's okay I mean um you know so going to to to to to to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good good good good good good well uh well like like good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our our our our our our like so okay uh so I'm my name is Future and baying are your host host host host host host today? And we have well okay like like you know a special guest from from from from from from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's okay what's okay what's okay okay okay okay okay okay what's okay what's okay what's okay I mean uh you know uh your what's your your your your your your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm well well well well well well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well uh okay so so just just just just just just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at at at at at at uh okay so you know you know work. Now. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary legendary. Dairy uh dairy uh dairy uh dairy uh dairy uh dairy uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop uh pop uh pop uh pop uh pop uh pop uh okay uh like I I I I I I mean star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in in in in in in Vietnam. Welcome to today I mean okay well so you know and True Crime app app app app app app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes crimes crimes crimes crimes crimes uh well um uh okay. Listener discretion is advised. We advise we advise we advise advise advise advise advise advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today Today Today Today Today Today. We're covering the uh um I mean you know uh sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 61 61 61 61 61 years old who was found guilty of initiating okay uh uh so well inappropriate sex sex sex sex sex sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what so so so so so so uh you know I mean okay a time what a time to be alive alive alive alive alive alive. So happy so happy so happy so happy so happy so happy New New New New New New Year. It's officially March well like uh you know so and if you don't follow the the the the the the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate the so like like like like like like well you know you know beginning of the new year in Spring and spring spring spring spring spring spring is coming up. Can you believe uh you know well so okay winter is is is is is is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just so okay so so so so so so I mean okay writing this in my journal winter is always that period period period period period period of deep transformation uh well I mean like you know for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown and well okay I mean okay like today I have a special guest guest guest guest guest guest with me name is Josh character. He's the president uh okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh like of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of of of of of of South Carolina amongst um well well uh well a lot of things. Would Would Would Would Would Would you like to tell us some of those uh you know you know I mean so so so so so so other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess guess guess guess guess guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm uh uh uh uh uh uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh you know uh um um um um um um um your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first the the the the the the first the first the first the first the first thing I want um um um um um um I mean um well so to go over today is a fortnight hype night night night night night night and height night plus in um um you know like like Chapter 2 season 2 2 2 2 2 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling so I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so um all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little little little little little little bit you know you know um like um about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to okay um okay you know uh make a podcast. Let me me me me me me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow like I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer and uh okay so I mean okay anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple uh you know um okay uh podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know well you know listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a podcast in one place. Download the uh uh uh like I mean free free free free free free anchor up or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome um like uh you you you you you you know like back. It is episode or of the game chat pod cast I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme the Supreme the Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme Supreme the Supreme the Supreme the Supreme Court well so I mean you know you know of of of of of of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma I mean you you you you you you know you know okay um City bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a par par par par par par cast original today. We're covering the I mean okay so you know well Supreme Court's decision decision decision decision decision decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's like okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh like go back to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office office office office office office of Attorney like so you know um well Richard Burr in Texas. Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
Hiya.
Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised so uh I I I I I I mean you know uh Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at at at at at at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 so okay you know okay uh Forest ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush um well well well well well well I mean uh um on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot hot hot hot hot hot day but I mean so so okay you know the sun was obscured by smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of I mean so well well um um um um um um an effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches reaches reaches reaches reaches reaches of well you know like well um the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his his his his his his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Service I mean you know like you you you you you you know okay had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were uh uh uh uh uh uh like well uh well overworked and understaffed. But many members of the service still believe believe believe believe believe believe the situation was um so uh I mean okay under control but Pulaski worried worried worried worried worried worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
The views the views the views the views the views the views and opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect well well okay okay okay okay okay okay like well those of the company and its management for their more the views and and and and and and opinions of um you know you know well so the guests and the colors do do do do do do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular like um like I mean um program program program program program program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict strict strict strict strict strict I mean you know okay um uh on but no by at go by in a a a a a a module on my adding my messy, Salient um you know uh you know uh Emma. Lingua, Lingua, Lingua, Lingua, Lingua, Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got you've got you've got got got got got got you've got you've got you've got something to I mean uh okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So So So So So So break you know like like you know okay that mold from the couch grab a a a a a a mic and download anchor for free anchor has okay like you know okay um simplified simplified simplified simplified simplified simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do they they they they they they do they do they do they do they do like um um so um um um um um um all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you create create create create create create you know you know like so okay and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test Test Test Test Test Test platforms. So what so what so what so what so what so what are you waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting for okay um so um you know download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel I I I I I I mean you know okay you know so how Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Peter how in the following day he like I mean okay um you know gets gets gets gets gets gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God to to to to to to so um so you know I mean be with the father in prayer. And when you you you you you you had gone up to be okay okay I mean okay well with the father father father father father father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter well um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean like comes to him and he says to him we've been looking for you you you you you you and Jesus says while well so like well okay I needed to be with the father but but but but but but also need to go somewhere else. They something absolutely you know well like so you know know know know know know interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude of Jesus in picking picking picking picking picking picking like so okay uh I mean the day. He begins it by being with God God God God God God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be be be be be be talking about you know so uh well well programmatic advertising. Hello. My name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name is ranjan, and I would would would would would would be your host for the uh so well I mean I mean session. So let's so let's so so so so so so let's so let's so let's so let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? advertising advertising advertising advertising advertising You might have heard this uh so uh uh so term. If not, very likely that that that that that that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is you know well well well um um um um um um in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and and and and and and more okay uh like uh uh effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital digital digital digital digital digital advertising efforts in one technology platform. That's like that's like that's like that's that's that's that's that's that's like that's like that's like okay so well like as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
My my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for uh you know okay I I I I I I mean uh 25 years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence intelligence American um you know well well you know. Do you believe in UFOs? UFOs UFOs UFOs UFOs UFOs Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave um uh like like like like like like so so bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going going going going going going on everybody. Finally well I mean you know well like got this freaking OBS OBS OBS OBS OBS OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my my my my my my hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my best you know uh okay so uh program, but but but but but but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night. We We We We We We uh okay like you know so have some issues got on their hopped on on on on on on had a couple of I don't know well you know so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars. It was fun fun fun fun fun fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is this is is is is is is this is this is this is this is your Checkmate your um um you you you you you you know you know you know Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be be be be be be more about everything today. I suppose, so you know okay uh so you know critical thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after after after after after after reading an article uh uh uh like you know go. Hmm But is it really really really really really really true? Can I can I can I can I can I can I trust the the the the the the source? I wanted to um I mean uh um I mean say Force but but but but but but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just critically about the you you you you you you know like um you know like things that you receive but critically about about about about about about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the the the the the the history of uh okay um well um song titles. It is it is it is it it it it it it is it is it is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, I mean well I mean uh um you know give me a better song title title title title title title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey okay okay uh well I I I I I I mean on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well I mean I mean. It's also a number for 31. One out of of of of of of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig okay orig okay orig okay orig okay orig okay orig orig orig orig orig orig okay so I mean um um the 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me me me me me me the king cut well uh like I mean I mean doogal. Thank you guys for for for for for for joining me on the only podcast that is so so I mean okay like like like like like like going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There There There There There There are uh okay well uh well times that I look over this list to see what's what's what's what's what's what's coming up and so like okay so um I get excited because I'm like, like, like, like, like, like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard about this record and I I.
All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a I'm a little boy models podcaster starting like um so so so so so so okay well real soon. I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I mean I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants well well well well well well you know I mean uh you know AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle tickle tickle tickle tickle tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls AKA okay uh well okay you know know know know know know ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if I you know know know know know know well like okay like did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about about about about about about last week. Apparently um okay uh okay I mean the sound was a little little little little little little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast with with with with with with um I mean um well so me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by by by by by by my co-host and you well I mean like so you know Grizzly. And And And And And And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them so so so so so so well so um well very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down down so okay you know okay okay the top 31 Sports scandals of the the the the the the past 31 years in 1996 week, one so like I mean well you know of of of of of of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park Park Park Park Park Park. The excitement uh well uh um so of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe pipe bomb filled with nails exploded like you know well so okay for for for for for for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to like so so so so so so well I mean like our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your your your your your your podcast. July uh like I mean okay so 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first first first first first first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and um um well so well well well well well well the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the the the the the the heart attack jammed well you know I mean you know okay on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division like uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh I mean two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond Bond Bond Bond Bond Bond diesel. I do division stuff such you know I mean like okay like as as as as as as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel and so so so so so so um well so like I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word word word word word word of the day is you know I mean I mean so um habitually spelled h h h h h h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over the eat despite its okay uh I I I I I I mean um okay french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word. Even Even Even Even Even Even if you well well okay um well haven't heard it before that's because it sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds like and is related to a handful of I mean like I mean okay like like like like like like other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it It's a noun noun noun noun noun noun meaning a I mean like like well well frequent or habitual visitor to a place place place place place place as in the aspiring painter was a I mean uh um well uh habitue of of of of of of art galleries habitue is often used for someone who frequently visits places of so uh well I I I I I I mean like recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used bookstores bookstores bookstores bookstores bookstores bookstores. Are you are you are you are you are you are you a a a a a a habitual uh you know um um um way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
Butterfly in the sky. Hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and hello and hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing so so so so so so you know so like I mean communism in the family A really important work work work work work work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited to like well okay I mean so get into this work. But first but but but but but but first but first but first but first but first of all, we'll go go go go go go through and do our um well uh so so names and pronouns and And we're we're we're we're we're we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My like you know I I I I I I mean well um name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I I I I I I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon um you know okay well okay from the 60s. You You You You You You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, the one where they've they've they've they've they've they've got the main employees like okay well like uh so pointing at himself. It's It's It's It's It's It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot so like so you know know know know know know uh of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 like like like like like like uh um okay you know 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up up up up up up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip like skip like skip like skip like skip skip skip skip skip skip like skip like um uh so uh at a matter of a dock dock dock dock dock dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original uh um like like okay peasants peasants peasants peasants peasants peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders transgenders transgenders transgenders transgenders transgenders by like um okay you know so the transgenders exploring. The unexplored the the the the the the unexplored the unexplored the unexplored the unexplored the unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again once again once again once again once once once once once once again once again being solo Mia is back from Japan, but okay so um um um um um um you know so she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy boy boy boy boy boy Rider, but today's topic uh like uh um uh is going to be titled the the the the the the poison in your pocket. As always this information on uh uh I mean you you you you you you know okay this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition. It's It's It's It's It's It's for uh you know okay well like information purposes only and a platform to to to to to to share personal experiences. Please seek advice from your Healthcare I mean you know I I I I I I mean you know so professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because because because because because because the well well uh like uh alpha babes podcast is about to go go go go go go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv tv tv tv tv tv um well well well I mean top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to to to to to to be here. Welcome to uh um I mean okay like the after Bush show show show show show show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host I mean you know know know know know know so I mean you know Alex Bowers and I would like to introduce you to to to to to to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda like okay um okay well ants we we we we we we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy okay, Stacy okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, Stacy okay, Stacy okay, Stacy okay, Stacy has a okay like um um uh question question question question question question for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing vibing vibing vibing vibing vibing like I mean um well I mean providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So So So So So So we've heard a lot of well so so well so people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham well well I mean okay okay with black with black with plants and we're relationship with with with with with with plants and we're here today so um like like like on the 5th episode and we're we're we're we're we're we're really excited to speak today and have this um um um okay well conversation and you you you you you you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid open well um I I I I I I mean well like conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me about about about about about about your body embodiment uh like so like you know and I thought This has been been been been been been a really great topic for us to like so okay well okay speak about and and and and and and so my question for you just to get right into it because I uh I I I I I I mean well well so want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is is is is is is understandings is understandings is understandings is understandings is understandings is my question for you is is is is is is like okay okay uh um have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and well well well well well well okay uh okay okay let you know how much it came and I enjoy using using using using using using anchor for our podcast um you know you know um like. We love we love love love love love love we love we love we love we love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally totally totally totally totally totally free. Number two. There are creation like um uh so um tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer computer computer computer computer computer uh well like so I mean number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify okay um well like I mean Apple podcast and and and and and and many other platforms number four you can make money from Podcast with I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so like okay no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast uh okay you know you know well all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and and and and and and Bollywood and so uh uh uh uh I'm deep red neurons and well, where where where where where where did he come from? It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's a crossover episode so I mean well like so. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for for for for for for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered well so well you know know know know know know well here today to have an orgy. That's basically that's basically that's basically that's that's that's that's that's that's basically that's basically that's basically your mother listen to our podcast to no I mean mean mean mean mean mean well so you know so no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good good good good good good. So we're here to talk well like I mean um well about atrs the the the the the the movie but before we get into Addresses when I get this out of well like like like like like like well okay I mean the way a quick plug or big plug we are are are are are are now on the YouTubes. We're like so uh uh like on the YouTubes and we we we we we we want you to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So you know like I I I I I I mean you know you know we so we put up the Kahuna per per per per per per episode, which is one of like I mean I mean um like my personal favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites and we would like to hear from you guys. What do so well well so so so so so so you know you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance guidance guidance guidance guidance guidance so so okay like so rather than from a place of fear and resistance and and and and and and anxiety because at the end you know uh um uh you know of the the the the the the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right I mean you know know know know know know uh like well. It just has to be full full trust full full surrender surrender surrender surrender surrender surrender and know that you know so like like you know you will be legio legio legio legio legio legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome you know um um um um um um well like okay to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so well well well well well well you know okay well well taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler Butler Butler Butler Butler Butler who is a fitness so you know you know okay uh influencer and also also also also also also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be well so so so so so so well you know so disabled or to have a disability. And also the the the the the the way that the World perhaps um uh you know uh um disables us more than injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do okay uh so uh um um um um um um which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of you know know know know know know you know okay okay um ableism and how the world is set up for people people people people people people who are able-bodied as I mean so well um uh opposed to those of of of of of of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It so it so it so it it it it it it so it so it so um so okay uh was so inspiring to people people people people people people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation okay you know like you know you you you you you you know. I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
Morning. Afternoon, or afternoon, or afternoon, or afternoon, or afternoon, or afternoon, or evening or or or or or or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to welcome to welcome to I mean okay okay um um a comedian Carl drinking coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells like you know uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the the the the the the outskirts okay uh well like you know of Manchester star, which is is is is is is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a I mean uh like you you you you you you know so lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small small small small small small I mean so you know well um range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases releases releases releases releases releases The energy needed by every living cell um well so well I mean. If there there there there there there if there if there if there if there if there is not enough glucose an an an an an an organism cannot produce enough energy if I mean uh well like I mean blood glucose glucose glucose glucose glucose glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on I mean you know know know know know know well like so osmosis, which is the movement of water between cells by affecting affecting affecting affecting affecting affecting concentration gradients as blood uh well you know okay you know flows through the the the the the the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration well um um um um um um um um so. Enough blood glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high high high high high high the pancreas releases the hormone so um well like I mean insulin into the bloodstream bloodstream bloodstream bloodstream bloodstream bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin um well so like like like like like like like these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose um um I I I I I I mean um you know that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process process process process process process continues until the pancreas um you know I mean I mean okay detects a normal normal normal normal normal normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is this is this is this is is is is is is this is this is a bit of a different episode today. This okay this this this this this this okay this okay this okay this okay this okay like uh like okay is is is is is is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin um um um um um um uh uh I mean okay show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins cave-ins cave-ins cave-ins cave-ins cave-ins super nice um I mean like um you know guy been putting out a lot lot lot lot lot lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great so okay you know I I I I I I mean okay people on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with well well well well well well uh um so I mean them. So I thought I'd share with you you you you you you guys here as well just to note so well like well so the first half there there there there there there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the so the so the so so so so so so the so the so the uh so so so well the audio was was was was was was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you you know know know know know know okay okay you know I mean want to follow cave on his podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his you know well so well okay okay okay okay okay okay Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the the the the the the 4th uh like okay so so of March 2020 with split expectations going into the the the the the the day. Yes lady markets uh so you know so um surged in the morning morning morning morning morning morning. Hoping that hoping that hoping that hoping that hoping that hoping that the RBA would would would would would would come to the table with a rate I mean like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting starting starting starting starting starting a like I mean like I mean like new round of asset purchases to to to to to to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut like uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean well the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly passed okay like like I mean so on the right cut with Westpac coming coming coming coming coming coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump you know like uh well well well well well well like tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems it seems it it it it it it seems it seems it seems it seems they have you know you know um I I I I I I mean so the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by by by by by by 50 basis points okay so um you know well. This is the first emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
Well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights nights nights nights nights nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime you know um I I I I I I mean so like podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To To To To To To this is um so um uh like the secret today. We have the episode directed directed directed directed directed directed by Denny Gordon and then I mean I mean so okay okay written by by by by by by. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we I I I I I I mean okay you know like so are back in the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or so so so so so so um so okay okay comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut gut gut gut gut gut not grumper Authority podcast me, I mean you know I mean well you know know know know know know but I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came you know know know know know know uh you know uh uh on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Kiya Kiya Kiya Kiya Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie um so well like well sensitivity case at page Carnegie Carnegie Carnegie Carnegie Carnegie Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast uh okay you know um um um um um um you know. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer producer producer producer producer producer and curator of well okay I mean okay okay this podcast listeners discretion is is is is is is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany you know like well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh American humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Pearson Fowler like so I mean um um and with me me me me me me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to talk about so so so so so so uh so well okay South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over over over over over over the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71 okay okay well I mean you know. Again, Again, Again, Again, Again, Again, the again, the again, the again, the again, the again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally unequivocally unequivocally unequivocally unequivocally unequivocally had to have and they did and it um so um so well well well well well well wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got up big early early early early early early and then so I mean well you know well they squandered almost every single ounce ounce ounce ounce ounce ounce of that lead going into halftime and then by I mean like you know know know know know know uh uh the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they they they they they they didn't Coast I mean I mean you know okay like because you know, they they they they they they only won by 12 and most of the time they were uh uh I I I I I I mean so okay up by like six or something like that but it felt felt felt felt felt felt comfortable in South Carolina okay you know like so well did it without getting a a a a a a single spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from I mean um well well well well well well you know okay a lot of different areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
A quick aquick aquick aquick aquick aquick warning before we start the show this this this this this this series contains descriptions of adult like uh I mean I mean so subject matter including including including including including including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may it may it may it may it it it it it it may it may not be suitable for um like okay um well everyone discretion is is is is is is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make um like so okay you know up up up up up up something about sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their um um um um um um um uh um you know experience unless it's happened to them. This is this is this is is is is is is this is this is this is a public service announcement from 1984. It you it it it it it it you it you it you it you it you know you know so okay like was was was was was was made by activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um like uh child abuse and this PSA was one way they were doing it. It It It It It It features uh okay so I mean I mean social workers therapists doctors popular TV actors actors actors actors actors actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to Twig Twig Twig Twig Twig Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at okay um um um um um um you know well like Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be be be be be be covering today starts with GDC 2020 you know like so um um has been canceled canceled canceled canceled canceled canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by well like um you you you you you you know uh sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot you you you you you you know you know okay I mean well Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred and fifty million series GT LED By I mean okay um I mean um um um um um um Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All All All All All All right all right all right all right all right all right uh um you you you you you you know okay so can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through through through through through through this one, well uh you know you know like right? I'm you I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you got a hard stop so we we we we we we can sorry so start uh I mean like well like with updates and I've I've I've I've I've I've got three quick updates. First of all got to give a okay uh well um okay okay okay okay okay okay shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Natalie I'm Natalie I'm Natalie I'm Natalie I'm Natalie I'm Natalie uh like like like like like like um I mean uh and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what what what what what what we I like to so um uh so like call the great exfoliation debate because because because because because because we've got two different points of view and okay well um um like like like like like like we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will I I I I I I mean uh so I mean I mean also of course do our wine pairing pairing pairing pairing pairing pairing because we are your Somali A's and okay okay well I mean I mean this this this this this this week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit bit bit bit bit bit Bolder just um you know um um you know like exfoliation. I would like to to to to to to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is that is that is that that that that that that is that is that is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
Today is today is today is today is today is today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old Ellen you know okay well um um um um um um okay Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family family family family family family out well you know well um okay of their Fortune. Welcome to today today today today today today and true-crime a par cast original today you know okay you know well um. We're covering covering covering covering covering covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 well well well well well well okay uh I mean okay year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner Turner Turner Turner Turner Turner family fortune. Let's go back uh so um okay um to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode episode episode episode episode episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My uh my uh my uh uh uh uh uh uh my uh my uh my uh well uh so you know name is Denise Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and and and and and and I'm Lizzie from number 27 so okay I mean you know like salon, and we run run run run run run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first like okay so so so so so so so I mean episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about about about about about about funny stories that um you know okay uh well focus of us have heard heard heard heard heard heard over the years of working with salon owners and like uh uh okay so every every every every every every Tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories like like like like like like like like I mean you know you guys Us so if you've got any funny stories, stories, stories, stories, stories, stories, please do email us and we'll so okay okay okay okay give you the email email email email email email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling okay so well well well well well well like uh the first story? I will start with my first two because these are are are are are are the these like uh well um so are the ones from when I I I I I I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called three three three three three three well I mean okay um uh days later, which if you know us we are are are are are are the days with three beautiful boys you know um so so so so so so so so and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home okay okay okay okay okay okay so well well so whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with with with with with with our three boys, and this is um like you know you know like Journey so so so so so so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every day day day day day day um well well like like. I get I get I get I get get get get get get I get I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have have have have have have a friend that's so uh well like okay going through infertility or adoption adoption adoption adoption adoption adoption. Do you care if I send them your way or I'll I mean um okay so so so so so so uh get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
Hello everyone. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name my name my name my name my name name name name name name my name is Christine Rodriguez. And like like so so so this segment is is is is is is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and shh, and shh, and shh, and and and and and and shh, and shh, and please keep in mind I mean um um okay okay okay okay okay okay so. I do I do I do I do I do I do study study study study study study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born uh okay um um um um um um okay I mean in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology astrology astrology astrology astrology astrology. And so and so and so and so and so and so if you you you you you you okay uh I mean okay uh simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, astrology, astrology, astrology, astrology, astrology, there is a wealth of information well uh like I mean like on the the the the the the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to put it um you you you you you you know like okay okay simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I I I I I I mean uh uh you know you know I'm joined by as always League to go go go go go go machine Martin grin and the self-styled like like um uh like bad boys of of of of of of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr um so uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay Alpha. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that that that that that that we all know well like so I mean I mean Lori mcmenamy's I don't don't don't don't don't don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager okay okay you you you you you you know um so in the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / / / / / / comedy sidekick you know so like I mean okay on or near the do I not not not not not not like that that documentary but yeah well well like uh okay goal all-around good guy guy guy guy guy guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity so so like like like like like like okay um encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing like I I I I I I mean so uh like on the top of your mouth on one side side side side side side and brush a little circles around like you know I mean I mean well well well well well well each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story of so so so so so so like you know I mean uh a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is is is is is is Dolores Huerta who uh so so you know okay helped Farm Workers be treated fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly by the people. They work they work they work they work they work work work work work work they work for the Laura um you know so I mean well sweat that that that that that that grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father um okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean uh worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits fruits fruits fruits fruits fruits and vegetables. Their family their family their family their family their family their family didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't so uh uh I mean uh have much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working hard-working hard-working hard-working hard-working hard-working student. You grew up um you know um um well and became a school school school school school school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt like like like like like like uh like so well not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his his his his his his cattle nor uh uh okay you know okay anything that is his These two two two two two two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews you know uh okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them them them them them them as you know like I mean uh so referring to unchastity or theft because these are are are are are are sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that okay okay I mean well like they had had had had had had kept all those when they had done or not done. The external okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like like act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that that that that that that it be esteemed as uh so so I mean like Sin and forbidden forbidden forbidden forbidden forbidden forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen Owen Owen Owen Owen Owen I'm Owen I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and you know so like so so so so so so so where the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will we will we will we will will will will will will we will we will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so you know the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot plot plot plot plot plot characters setting conflict in irony like you know I mean okay so in in in in in in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book this book this book this book this this this this this this book this book was written by the prestigious Roald so uh like uh I I I I I I mean Dahl. He was he was he was he was he was he was was was was was was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is so I mean um um well most most most most most most famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda Matilda Matilda Matilda Matilda Matilda. He uh like I mean you know so has sold over 250 million copies copies copies copies copies copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about so um um you know you you you you you you know the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for for for for for for her uh so um okay you know husband turned from work. It seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but okay you know so you you you you you you know well he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just I just I I I I I I just I just I just I just wanted to say well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean so um that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has everyone has everyone has has has has has has everyone has everyone has everyone has been amazing with well uh I mean um like like like like like like the comments with the reviews with everything. Now. This is this is this is this this this this this this is this is this is the season finale of Creepypasta I mean uh okay so so so so so so um myths so I wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it it it it it it off, but so um well I mean you know I wanted to thank everyone again again again again again again and all the people who commented like grumpy I mean okay okay well well well well well well well girl. 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I I I I I I mean, hey they like okay so uh like have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys okay well um you know um have have have have have have been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year you you you you you you know uh um um um. So a so a so a so a so so so so so so a so a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure sure sure sure sure sure but so you know you know you know I mean I think I need to to to to to to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. It's okay okay so you know um me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode episode episode episode episode episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody hey everybody like I mean uh I mean um and we'll hear his deep deep deep deep deep deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt that uh like okay so so so so so so uh they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary scary scary scary scary scary Goodwin Munch. Well, uh like you know you know um thanks want to hear more more more more more more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode of musings um you know um uh you know with with with with with with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have been been been been been been well okay I mean I mean okay responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well well well well well well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson okay well you know well so. That's a bit silly silly silly silly silly silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're like okay well like so so so so so so back. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal well so so so so so so I mean okay um you around another episode season 3 episode 4 huge huge huge huge huge huge Fizz at HQ on your I mean okay uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean Friday arvo little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Rob Thomason um um um like well. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop just keep going going going going going going. Hey uh hey uh hey uh hey uh hey uh hey uh so so so so so so like uh you know want to give a shout out to all you listening to to to to to to the podcast you know so um okay uh. Thanks. We actually we actually actually actually actually actually actually we actually we actually we actually we actually have people listen. I know it's it's it's it's it's it's crazy. It's we it's we it's we it's we it's we it's we started well well well well well well so okay you know okay this and we were like Hey, we're gonna just just just just just just make a thing for ourselves for well you know you know um I mean Creative Creative Creative Creative Creative Creative outlet and we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it okay okay okay okay okay okay well well you know well and people reach out to us and say they've they've they've they've they've they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis well well um um okay things for the first first first first first first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send well so um well well well well well well like us an email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you you you you you you have I mean uh um okay um any thoughts so far if you want to critique critique critique critique critique critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here I'm here here here here here here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to tell you I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way like you know okay I mean well to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer. Anchor will so you know so uh okay distribute your podcast for you, you, you, you, you, you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast so like like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything like um so like um you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place. Download the free anchor app or go well um you know uh you know know know know know know to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to to to to to to okay uh uh okay you know take a brief moment today to let you know about about about about about about the easiest way possible to uh so uh I mean I mean start your very own own own own own own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having um well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode episode episode episode episode episode uh I mean okay so well for the longest time. I actually I actually actually actually actually actually actually I actually I actually I actually I actually paid money to host the packet a a a a a a podcast like you know okay like like and have a distributed to to to to to to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I uh um uh you know know know know know know well tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record record record record record record um uh I mean okay okay host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from from from from from from my computer tablet or cell so I mean okay so you know phone. Not only that that that that that that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make I mean okay um well so money with with with with with with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be um okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know I mean serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting topic. We're uh I mean okay okay well going to be talking about cheating in in in in in in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin eater like you know well uh like like like like like like. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway well well well well well well well well like well. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream stream stream stream stream stream / podcast I mean okay um like I mean guys. Where are you guys guys guys guys guys guys listening on the podcast form? I want to uh you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh thank you. As if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode episode episode episode episode episode so um well well uh 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode episode episode episode episode episode Milestone and I'm just so so well like so I mean so blessed to to to to to to be here to be an instrument of service to all of um okay well you you you you you you know okay you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode episode episode episode episode episode 48 and you know like okay um uh today's subject is growth or Comfort. This This This This This This is one of his favorite subjects. You can't well you know I mean uh like like like like like like have both you have to make a choice. So I so I so so so so so so I so I so I so I can't wait to get started. This um um um um um um so uh you know I mean is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to episode 48 Alex signs, you know like you know so well 23:20 23:20 23:20 23:20 23:20 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at the age age age age age age okay well um I mean okay of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of of of of of of other businesses along with Carlson um like you know well I mean sow and couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to be on this so you know um um um um um um well well journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to to to to to to uh okay you know well you know thank you for your support and listening to to to to to to each episode and I hope you okay well well well like enjoy this one. If If If If If If you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor its easiest way to make podcast okay you know okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your podcast um I mean I mean you know uh right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh so well be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can can can can can can also well I mean like uh okay make money from your podcast. It's everything you need need need need need need to make a successful podcast download the you know like you know I mean um um um um um um free. God will god will god will god will god will god will go to to to to to to Anchor FM to get started at every touch point I mean so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean um of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times the value that that that that that that I mean like um okay I mean they expect will comes to mind is my my my my my my book The Five AM Club. I like like well I mean okay spent four years years years years years years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 times every line so um you you you you you you know uh well. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I I I I I I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the 12th 12th 12th 12th 12th 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is your I mean uh I I I I I I mean I mean like first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money money money money money money management, um okay well you know well and I'm the lead portfolio manager for for for for for for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was well well so uh so so so so so so going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things you you you you you you know so um uh like that happened this week. So this is going going going going going going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we obviously, we obviously, we obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, we obviously, we obviously, we okay you know so um okay have the coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've got okay so um I I I I I I mean I mean Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its its its its its its seven like you know so so so billion dollar purchase of credit card, card, card, card, card, card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in I mean okay okay like like like like like like okay this podcast for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of of of of of of American uh so I mean okay so Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor advisor advisor advisor advisor advisor who serves as a portfolio manager I mean like you know like so so so so so so to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr you know uh well okay I mean. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said I I I I I I mean like like um so that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto Tonto Tonto Tonto Tonto Tonto quite nervous that people are well um well so like going to start running after him him him him him him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one you know so um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean of us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA DNA DNA DNA DNA DNA I mean you know well well so. We believe we believe we believe we believe believe believe believe believe believe we believe we believe that there is this life we can live that that that that that that that's just okay okay well you know well a little bit further than where where where where where where we are that if we get enough power we uh I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay can we can live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so so so so so so Way we well um okay I mean well think about this as we kind of of of of of of got if I can give all of myself you know so uh you know know know know know know um and be disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that that that that that that way of um you know well uh you know life. Then maybe I can get there there there there there there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its so um you know you know so so so so so so wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the UPC. I I I I I I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this this this this this this podcast this podcast series is based on you know okay uh so well the the the the the the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and and and and and and youth I mean um okay um okay Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries to see you grow in your like like you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion like like like like like like well you know you know okay matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Numbers Numbers Numbers Numbers Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through 3 you know so okay so um. So all the the the the the the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people wept um uh well well well well well well so like that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and and and and and and the so so you know I mean well whole congregation said to them if only we we we we we we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
Guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's up up up up up up want to take a quick second to let you guys uh so um like like like like like like you know know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard okay like um um um um um um like uh about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me explain it's so okay like okay okay free. There's creation tools that allow you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your like okay uh uh um um um um um um phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor like uh um um uh Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple um you know you know well well well well well well well podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum um you know okay well you know listenership. Evidently, I can't talk talk talk talk talk talk. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to to to to to to make podcast in one place I mean okay okay okay you know download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get you know I mean you know you know like started now back to the show show show show show show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat for okay so well well uh episode episode episode episode episode episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy boy boy boy boy boy you know uh you know um um from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five five five five five five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on on on on on on the you know um you know so well ups and downs we face in our our our our our our lives as parents some humor and a little bit uh well you you you you you you know uh like of fun then you may have just found what you're looking looking looking looking looking looking for. Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome well well well well well well okay uh I mean I mean to the parenting in the thick of it it it it it it show. I'm your host Louise Clark a so well well so you know certified parent parent parent parent parent parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as a mom to okay well well well well well well so okay um three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that and heard heard heard heard heard heard it okay I mean well I mean well all trust me, they'll be few things things things things things things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I uh I mean um okay um created this podcast because I I I I I I just love to help moms like you find ways I mean uh like so so so so so so uh to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way out of of of of of of uh so I mean like okay it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
Hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome to you you you you you you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always you know I I I I I I mean um um well writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do do do do do do their taxes okay so uh so so and how they wish school and taught them them them them them them to do their taxes. And why didn't like like so so well somebody teach them them them them them them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's you know know know know know know uh I mean you know I mean called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade grade grade grade grade grade. They taught you how to add and uh like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a a a a a a column okay you know like so okay you add some together, you subtract some the the the the the the Part about that is you were you know well um well um taught how to follow directions directions directions directions directions directions. There's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions at the top top top top top top of the paper. You I mean you know like like well were supposed to to to to to to read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So well I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um I mean you were taught that in school that was in elementary elementary elementary elementary elementary elementary school the fact that you I mean you know like like um can't follow directions directions directions directions directions directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that okay um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean um in school. It just means that you can't do simple math or follow follow follow follow follow follow directions. This you know you know uh um so has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode features depictions depictions depictions depictions depictions depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners you know so well well well well well well uh like may find offensive. Listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener listener listener listener listener listener discretion listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean small wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm storm storm storm storm storm screams reverberated like I mean well okay you know from within and echoed into the the the the the the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother like you know okay so well Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds was in labor with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived lived lived lived lived lived um uh okay so okay nearby whispered that she was a witch. She could could could could could could barely feed the 12 pairs of like uh um so like eyes that watched on in in in in in in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't she couldn't she couldn't she couldn't she couldn't she she she she she she couldn't provide uh I mean uh well okay for another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby baby baby baby baby baby. The you know like like like so world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as as as as as as usual as I know his mother since I uh I mean so um uh uh uh uh uh uh must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend well well well well well well so you know you know well. I went I went I went I went I went went went went went went I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son you I I I I I I mean you know well you know okay are doing this. Ian, what is is is is is is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very um so okay you know so bad bad bad bad bad bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast bro. 31 uh like I mean okay you know episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real real real real real real yeah real yeah real yeah real yeah real yeah real season 3 able Way episode episode episode episode episode episode 31 3 a dress, you uh well uh okay like know we Chinese people people people people people people and we don't like the number for all neighs now today. We well well well well well well we well we well we well we well we well uh well well well well well well well um have a very special guest now. I know I know I know I I I I I I know I know I know it's a lot of you who've been listening well you know know know know know know well I mean you know. I've been wondering when in this season I'm going to see see see see see see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready to like like like like like like so okay well okay do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had had had had had had a had a you know I mean um um well thought want to get get get get get get out of my brain. Working on working on working on working on working on working on on on on on on some you know so well okay so um functioning on fumes these days, but I I I I I I wanted to get this out there. Had okay uh I mean well uh someone message me me me me me me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um okay well. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been been been been been been wanting to get into like so you know uh you know RN school and they just just just just just just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are we are we are we we we we we we are we are we are doing episode um like like I mean uh 2 2 2 2 2 2. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do do do do do do that last so like um um well time. My name my name my name my my my my my my name my name my name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm kind so like so okay so of branching out into Bill directing the writing writing writing writing writing writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and well well like like um with bedre, I I I I I I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself an I mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh okay I mean artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging emerging emerging emerging emerging emerging artist. We are all about doing you know okay I mean you know you you you you you you know Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor I I I I I I mean uh okay well like but I also delve into Visual Arts and and write any any any any any any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
What is up? Everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video uh um um um um um um I mean um okay series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in today. First you know um okay well I mean off. Wow. What What What What What What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has it it it it it it has it has it has it has it has so so well you know well well well well well well been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of of of of of of okay okay okay um so the specific cars that I talked about last last last last last last week. All those all those all those all those all those all those cards like like like like like like I mean you know uh well have gone up significantly. So let me break break break break break break through those purrs with you because so okay um like like I think think think think think think that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how how how how how how okay you know okay you know well Luca don't you just base prison PSA tens tens tens tens tens tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, okay I mean so like like this was was was was was was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 like uh uh so so so so so so um and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your your your your your your so like I mean uh okay host any pain fucking livid right now and even even even even even even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm um um I mean um so so so so so so so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g hi hi hi hi hi hi. Hey, like hey, like hey, like hey, like hey, like hey, like okay okay well I I I I I I mean how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips. Hey, um um uh like you know what's up? And then and then and then then then then then then and then and then and then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so so so so so so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played so um um um um um um okay like like podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the the the the the the referee for now and until I mean uh so well uh eternity now long. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey. I'm you know well so so so so so so so so playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's at at at at at at Aaron so like um okay uh and wrote the book on counter Espionage and and and and and and Espionage. Literally, he's literally, he's literally, he's literally, he's literally, he's literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes you know know know know know know um so uh uh listeners before we get into this episode. I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd like to take a moment to thank like uh you know okay well our sponsor. Anchor if if if if if if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make uh you know like like like like like like I mean so a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why why why why why why we I mean um uh okay uh use it. There's a there's a there's a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right I mean you know okay um um from your phone and and and and and and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for well like okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can can can can can can make money from I mean um like well okay your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast I mean um I mean well I I I I I I mean right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to to to to to to Anchor you know um um so okay dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to to to to to to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And And And And And And we definitely just uh okay like you know um want to thank everybody for the the the the the the support and for showing us so much um uh um like you know love. It was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was really appreciated and it it it it it it motivated us even more to talk about today's I mean um like well well well well well well so topic. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're so you're so so so so so so you're so you're so you're so you're probably why I well uh okay you you you you you you know uh asking like what in the world does not even know like what what what what what what is my insecurities well so I mean I mean like having xiety? Well, there's a a a a a a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel like like um well okay okay okay okay okay okay like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way way way way way way which is like you know um you know okay um how you look compared compared compared compared compared compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights insights insights insights insights insights for the um um uh uh well come. Follow me follow me follow me me me me me me follow me follow me follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of of of of of of Latter-day Saints. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your well like well so I mean host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with with with with with with me this week. This episode is sponsored so uh okay so I mean by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't I mean uh okay I mean so heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way way way way way way to start podcasting. Anchor is free to so okay so um uh use and and and and and and they have a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your so well so so so so so so uh okay podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also distribute your your your your your your podcast for you. So like well uh okay so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more podcast platforms. It's everything well um okay you know you you you you you you know you need to make a podcast all in one place. Don't free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor um like okay so like app or go to a Pratap FM to get started this this this this this this week's lesson is entitled so um so um well. This is the way way way way way way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone did anyone did anyone did anyone did anyone did anyone watch the.
Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be like like like like like like like like I mean I mean going through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal position for this meditation is to you know um you know okay okay be be be be be be laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at well well well well well well uh so I mean uh your sides. You can also do this in in in in in in a seated position. If you are like well you know so well sitting you want to to to to to to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well or a wall if you have your legs crossed and if you you you you you you are sitting in uh um um you know well a chair have your feet Flat Flat Flat Flat Flat Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees like I mean you you you you you you know you know you know. So once you find either you're sitting or you're laying laying laying laying laying laying position with your hands, uh uh well so I mean I want you to to to to to to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're you're you're you're you're you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV I mean um okay um okay top top top top top top now let the buzz. What is what is what is what is what is what what what what what what is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me so so so well uh uh uh uh uh uh after show. Today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of like well okay well well well well well well you know War. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real okay you you you you you you know well you know uh and we have so much to talk about. I'm your your your your your your host Taylor grades okay you know so so like and I am joined by two two two two two two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We like I mean so um so have Ashman Ashman Ashman Ashman Ashman Ashman what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning I I I I I I mean like okay I mean okay in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're We're We're We're We're We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the you know I mean well I I I I I I mean well adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back back back back back back. A monkey you know so so okay so in the middle right guys, what did did did did did did you think of this episode? This I mean uh uh I mean so so so so so so was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat you you you you you you know okay like um um. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat chat chat chat chat chat. I am Laura and so um uh uh um today you get the pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so okay you know uh um um um um um um uh great. I just want to let you know that she's one of of of of of of the most loving well okay okay like okay and complimentary people I've ever met and and and and and and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner you know you know um okay okay. Her Her Her Her Her Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura you know know know know know know uh um uh like knows. My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I I I I I I feel so loved also lures okay well well um uh the best because full disclosure. This This This This This This is the third time when you're trying my so well well you know you know section section section section section section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, you okay, you okay, you know like to well okay okay you know like keep keep keep keep keep keep it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't know know know know know know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real like I I I I I I mean okay you know okay quick was just absolutely not no just try to to to to to to see if I don't like uh I mean you know okay like you that much much much much much much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you always you know so so so so so so like uh I mean had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean and Andrew had like well like well uh cast all about couples and the the the the the the things they go through we are excited well so like uh um for for for for for for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what it it it it it it is uh um like um uh. When we ask the other couples. We interview interview interview interview interview interview we interview we interview we interview we interview we interview what Their Love Languages Languages Languages Languages Languages Languages So today, we're going okay well uh um you know to be talking talking talking talking talking talking about Love Languages, what ours are and why we think they're um um I I I I I I mean so uh important. But before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't mind writing writing writing writing writing writing the show um well so um um and subscribing to it on whatever platform platform platform platform platform platform you're listening that really helps us out and you know okay well okay I mean We We We We We We love hearing your feedback as well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? you you you you you um I mean uh like like I'm good. How are you? I'm so good good good good good good. So so good. It's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's it's it's it's it's it's been it's been like uh so well I mean a pretty eventful like week, week, week, week, week, week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and you know you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh okay we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we we we we we we did. This so this so this so this so this so this so okay okay okay okay okay okay so um so is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this this this this this this little Snippets recorded like you know I mean um so after your episode. Halftime, so so so so so so we actually did have our guests on a well okay you know um so little little little little little little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way I mean I I I I I I mean okay I mean uh that you know, this Gus could make it around around around around around around but you know, we're well I mean uh so I mean recording the intro intro intro intro intro intro after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record okay I mean you you you you you you know so you know the intro this this snippet part without the guest even even even even even even being around. Yeah. So it like okay I mean um I mean just the the the the the the way it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows well I mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay well up this last step the set this guess we didn't have have have have have have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
Hi everybody. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to to to to to to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting like uh like I I I I I I mean like service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when when when when when when it comes um so you know you know okay to Distributing your podcast to all all all all all all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast uh okay I mean you know know know know know know so. You name it? They've got they've got they've got they've got they've got they've they've they've they've they've they've got a way to distribute to it on top of that. They well so like like like like like like well uh have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much much much much much much you know so I mean well you know simpler back when I started started started started started started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had okay well um I mean uh to to to to to to know how to record it where to record it how to upload it so so so so so so uh I mean uh like pay for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is is is is is is free and they will you know you know you know so okay hook you you you you you you up with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app uh so so so so so so you know okay okay or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get started. You're listening to the okay like uh well well tenants on the Kyle Dempster Dempster Dempster Dempster Dempster Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at patreoncom so uh you know like like like like like like well. Forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon only you know um I mean okay I mean if you want to hear the inner inner inner inner inner inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask well you you you you you you know uh I mean um a short favor. If you're interested in either of the the the the the the two books that I have written um I mean I mean I mean like like like like like like and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious so like well well you know truth.com books there. You can learn about both books books books books books books one of which is free and you can well uh um you know okay get on on on on on on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released and how how how how how how well you know I mean uh I mean you can get it. I would would would would would would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. What okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode okay so so so so so so okay like um. What is what is what is what is what is what is is is is is is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get to uh well well um um um um um um okay a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the the the the the the hundredth episode well um okay like uh. I don't know if it's going to work work work work work work out but I'm trying but that's uh like like okay uh good. It's It's It's It's It's It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to okay well you you you you you you know so well rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This This This This This This is this is this is this is this is this is so you you you you you you know I mean okay you know fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about about about about about about wild and crazy ideas. And now well okay uh I mean um here's your host host host host host host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun to okay you you you you you you know so uh you know speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to to to to to to me is producer Vlad well um I mean you know uh. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes you were sick sick sick sick sick sick last for the last episode. That's like like okay I mean okay right. Yeah, because in the the the the the the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually been uh uh okay so uh a a a a a a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we well well well well well well uh well okay like recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we we we we we we had a well well you know I mean so nice little break in between between between between between between and now we have to catch up and okay uh okay well so record one one one one one one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know though. I love this show. I love this show. I want want want want want want I want I want I want I want I want this show. I I I I I I hope so like you know you know you know everyone in the world listens to to to to to to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, like okay I mean um so so so so so so I hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics topics topics topics topics topics coming in good so okay so I mean you know thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
And if and if and if and if and if and if ever you you you you you you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in session okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so I mean you know and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Denison's Denison's Denison's Denison's Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is episode two I mean you know so you know know know know know know uh dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop on on on on on on Student uh okay so uh you know Life at Denison University. I have two new new new new new new guests writing me this week to chitchat okay you know uh okay um about our our our our our our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to introduce uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like so like yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a I'm a a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from Zanesville, Ohio well like uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know. So just so just so just so just so just so so so so so so just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec board for Outlook so so so so so so you know okay uh I mean our LGBT student group on campus and I am am am am am am an admissions coordinator as well well okay uh um you know Sun. Hi everyone. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back back back back back back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with okay like uh um like like like like like like my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were I I I I I I were I were I were I were I were Dolph today like so so so so so so uh okay um is Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot apricot apricot apricot apricot apricot you know like so okay uh. It's so hard for me to believe. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so glad you've all joined I mean mean mean mean mean mean um so okay so us on this journey. It has it has it it it it it it has it has it has it has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds you you you you you you know okay okay okay you know that your dad and I could have imagined imagined imagined imagined imagined imagined from the beginning when we set well okay uh um you know out to do do do do do do this. Now before we go any further. We must tell you we like um um um um um um um like I mean have to correct the time. Me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March March March March March March 8th because we missed well you know okay well okay the fact that that that that that that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
What's up, everybody? It is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your personal development one uh uh I I I I I I mean well okay tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also also also also also also is our next I mean like you know well I mean self-improvement sit down down down down down down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he is the founder of like I I I I I I mean uh okay I mean the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the the the the the the charity is to like you know um well you know give people the resources and accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability. They need to live with courage and well like well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would in the uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so like okay interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to to to to to to Alex's Mission promises are um I mean uh like you know serious, and they shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only when we okay uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay well mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary Dictionary Dictionary Dictionary Dictionary Dictionary A promise is a okay well um uh like statement telling someone you'll definitely do something something something something something something or something will certainly happen in the future um uh well I mean well you you you you you you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised. I guess like okay I mean uh so there was a time. I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think it was my 18th 18th 18th 18th 18th 18th birthday that that I um so okay well I mean had a a a a a a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a so okay well well well well well well uh like little bit the day up. But for the most part very few few few few few few like I mean uh okay okay things surprise me. It is it is it it it it it it is it is it is it is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples must. Have well so so you know you know felt here towards the end of of of of of of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in uh like um so so verse 19 19 19 19 19 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day of the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so I mean week when the disciples were together with the doors locked locked locked locked locked locked for fear of the Jews okay so um you know so. Jesus came and stood stood stood stood stood stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom of the so well so I mean okay Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick Smith to gives it well I mean mean mean mean mean mean um well I mean home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss loss loss loss loss loss in overtime but so so okay I mean um a little bit of a a a a a a better return to what we used to last number I mean okay well okay well of of of of of of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn around like like like like like like um okay um I mean We'll see when we get to that. I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom from okay okay so you know you know the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome Rome Rome Rome Rome Rome. I am I am I am I am I am I am Massimo pigliucci a a a a a a professor I mean okay uh well okay of philosophy at the City College of of of of of of New York, and I will guide you through this uh like okay you you you you you you know like reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief chief chief chief chief chief got so so well so I mean consists in applying to the conduct of life life life life life life and knowledge of the working of okay um um okay like natural causes choosing what what what what what what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is you know I mean like like like like like like well I mean contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going well um um um um um um uh uh uh to do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water water water water water water has the ability to I mean like you know okay well carry information and we we we we we we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a like well like okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as as as as as as uh so uh I mean okay our guy. These consist mostly out of of of of of of water. People who are connected with his water I mean so okay you know okay will will will will will will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to like you you you you you you know you know like um help people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I already know know know know know know my rant already know my rant of the week this week so so so so so so so so you know uh. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, show, show, show, show, show, but you know like um um so I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, this has nothing to do with anything we've you know so okay like um ever talked talked talked talked talked talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to walk in uh um um um um um um so uh I mean and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been been been been been been watching Love is Blind within the so okay I mean like like Pilar alert alert alert alert alert alert. Oh, yeah. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't give a fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me and my like well uh well so girlfriend had been been been been been been watching it for the past two days. We were up till well so um you know know know know know know I mean like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally I'm emotionally I'm emotionally I'm emotionally I'm emotionally I'm emotionally invested so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled spilled spilled spilled spilled spilled her drink her water I mean okay well well well everywhere. Anyways, I'm anyways, I'm anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, I'm anyways, I'm anyways, I'm anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I I I I I I although I although I although I although I although I do think Cameron. He He He He He He like he like he like he like he like he like I mean uh so so so so so so um gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very very very very very very emotional. He's a uh you know okay you know you know very emotional man man man man man man and but but he loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with with with with with with down okay uh you know you know so today. I've got the lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session of I mean uh okay you you you you you you know uh the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee first and well okay uh okay like then then let's do a a a a a a little talk about you and finance and where we are okay uh like like like like like like uh so. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on on on on on on a Friday and I mean so you know uh I mean I've got you a a a a a a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're so we're in this okay uh okay uh so little cafe actually not. Okay, there's there's there's there's there's there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in Melbourne uh I mean you know know know know know know uh so self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever ever ever ever ever ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
Welcome to the defect podcast. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is this is the defect podcast take some time like so well um you you you you you you know out of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni and inspirational so well uh so uh professionals to hear about valuable advice advice advice advice advice advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team well so well um I I I I I I mean. Please note please note please note please note please note please note that this this this this this this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas well I mean uh like like like like like like uh provided in this series ordering. It's making it's making it's making it's making it's making making making making making making it's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean so like the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk risk risk risk risk risk is like well um uh okay undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
Hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the meaning of of of of of of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to so you know you know know know know know know um okay you about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the easiest well you know okay so so way to make a podcast. Let me tell tell tell tell tell tell you why first of all, it's um uh um you know I mean because it's it's it's it's it's it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to I mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know um uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or your computer so I mean I mean so so and anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard you know okay uh okay like like like like like like of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you like like like like like like okay okay so well can make money from your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership Ownership Ownership Ownership Ownership Ownership required is everything you like like like okay like need to make a a a a a a podcast all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor I mean um um um um um um like you know so app or check out anchor dot f m-- they have have have have have have all the information there for like well so you know I mean you you you you you you right there. So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or or or or or or I mean so so like okay whatever just do talk about that for like that that that that that that like mid break part where well uh like uh you know you put like like like like like like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the like well um um um um um um so well thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've You've You've You've You've You've been you've been you've been you've been you've been you've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Potter okay uh okay I mean okay podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and and and and and and is currently 11. What's your um like um you know uh name Charles and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book so I mean uh okay um that that that that that that this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading reading reading reading reading reading chapters like like like like uh 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we we we we we we discuss. Things that I can't so so okay you know like remember at this moment moment moment moment moment moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, okay uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes yes yes yes yes yes you know well okay you know like make the strongest cocktail. You can you can can can can can can you can you can you can you can drink it with her. Yeah do do do do do do that. Yeah I mean well like uh uh do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to to to to to to what is life dude the podcast my name you know like okay like you know know know know know know is Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode episode episode episode episode episode. We well we well we well we well we well we well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like completed the first half of the New York Times 36 questions to to to to to to make you fall uh um um well um in love and Soon into into into into into into it. We realized that it was going to take a you know okay you know you you you you you you know well long time. So we split it up into two episodes and here here here here here here we are back for well like you know you know um part 2. All right right right right right right. So check out that one first. We give we give we give we give we give we we we we we we give a little bit I mean I mean like you know I mean more more more more more more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting more I I I I I I mean like like uh um and more intense as they continue their broken into into into into into into three sets. Definitely and we're so I mean um okay so in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh well like you know like okay my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to to to to to to dude, dude. To duty. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay so okay don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is is is is is is bappa ran its Barbara you know I mean like okay you know and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush I mean like like like like like like I mean um okay mush mush mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's one of one of Jack's so I I I I I I mean like I mean so favorite songs is that yeah, that's make sense sense sense sense sense sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive okay you know um um um in in in in in in like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
A few months back. We did we did we did we did we did we we we we we we did a call-in show. Hello. This is I mean well like so like Josh. This is Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one of of of of of of the three founders from medical uh like you know uh well and you our our our our our our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from okay I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh um a phone call to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull pull pull pull pull pull off like well uh so okay today. We'll hear a pitch the likes of which which which which which which we've never had on the show before um so uh I mean uh. What What What What What What does what does what does what does what does what does it pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product is built okay uh uh you you you you you you know um in all the founder has is an idea and a gut gut gut gut gut gut feeling that that idea you know okay I mean like like could turn into into into into into into a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like so okay I I I I I I mean well uh when all you have are a few scratches on the back of of of of of of the metaphorical uh so like uh uh napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh Josh Josh Josh Josh Josh puccio. Let's meet the um you know well so you know investors and Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join join join join join join with like well well um like me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always always always always always always comes in on after an Alabama win okay well like uh I mean and and and and and and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you you know know know know know know well uh um well back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good good good good good good to be here good to get so I mean like um uh a win so I can can can can can can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good well so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean so. Yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm glad glad glad glad glad glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially after um like like like like like like um uh uh losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's who's who's who's who's who's the host like uh like uh uh of walked on a sec podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake level um well well um um um um um um well and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by by by by by by night and it's very so well like well I mean popular within the SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC basketball community and does a great job of covering SEC basketball and okay well well well well well well I mean uh okay I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? boy boy boy boy boy Well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's funny you you you you you you guys well well like well you know. Talking about getting the record after a win. What What What What What What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and and and and and and um so like okay I mean confessions. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's What's What's What's What's What's up? What's up? So this week has I mean okay you know uh um um um um um um been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues okay okay okay okay okay okay well like you know okay one can say towards in terms of anger in terms of of of of of of when people would okay I mean I mean okay like say like Darkness. And just and just just just just just just and just and just and just and just trying to find the ways for me me me me me me to be able okay like um so uh to kind of marry that that that that that that anger that I have inside with the positivity that I well uh okay I I I I I I mean uh also have inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep it it it it it it does okay I mean I mean so uh the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Bro Bro Bro Bro Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like I um okay uh you know know know know know know so sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will will will will will will be your okay well I mean okay like host for our daily devotional a a a a a a time for us to rethink refocus and to like you know well like so so so so so so renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the and the the the the the the and the and the and the and the memory verse is taken taken taken taken taken taken I mean uh uh okay um from John 7 verse 37. And it it it it it it says on the last and greatest day so okay well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who I I I I I I mean well I mean um I mean is thirsty come to me and drink when when when when when when we view the invitation to well I mean like I mean like come come come come come come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for so so so so so so so okay so okay Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we we we we we we have a puppy okay like um um so and he likes to get up up up up up up really early. But today's a little bit different you know okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean well. I keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is is is is is is going I mean you know like well okay to resonate with so many of you you you you you you out there. I want I want I want I want I want I want you you you you you you to um like well well uh listen. This one all the way through. If you you you you you you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, you're going you know I mean like uh well to know her pretty well at the the the the the the end of this half hour episode this half I mean well you know well um hour hour hour hour hour hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but it it it it it it like um um um um isn't please share the episode people need to hear her her her her her her story. They need to hear about okay well um I mean I mean her resiliency resiliency resiliency resiliency resiliency resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different storms that have so so so so so so um like so I mean taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me me me me me me know what you think um uh uh so so write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, before we go go go go go go into the episode. I want to talk to you about anchor if I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know like you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor is the easiest way okay okay okay uh you know to make a podcast. Not Not Not Not Not Not only that it's free. There are creation tools that uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone or your well like like okay well computer. And the best thing is Anchor will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you so you you you you you you so you so you like you know so so okay can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's everything uh uh you know know know know know know um well. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If If If If If If we anchor up like okay okay uh I mean today or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f m-- to get started. Alright now, let's go into um well well like you you you you you you know the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back well well okay so okay to what's what's what's what's what's what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so um like okay okay okay okay okay okay like well crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I I I I I I guess okay I mean okay okay uh what they say about time flies when you're you're you're you're you're you're having fun. It's true, or at I mean so so uh um least it's it's it's it's it's it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I so I I I I I I so I so I so I so I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
socks rocks socks rocks socks rocks socks rocks socks rocks socks rocks What today today today today today today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the music okay okay okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the music music music music music music I mean um like like like for the guest right now. Is this the the the the the the show this is where in the show now well so uh um okay usually might go we we we we we we say hello and introduce the podcast and then the music plays. Okay um you know know know know know know so um so reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're going going going going going going to introduce him and okay you know well well you know let's go. That's That's That's That's That's That's right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast well well well well well well uh you know uh you know. Let me let me let me let me me me me me me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit you know know know know know know so okay like you know your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer anger will distribute your podcast for I mean well so well you know you. So it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can well okay um well well well well well well you know make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to make a like you know well well I mean podcast in one place. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped I mean uh like like like like like like okay uh. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your it's your it's your it's your it's your your your your your your it's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back to um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you you you you you you all. Whoo. Now okay okay I mean okay so the Thursday another podcast. So we we we we we we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes. It's I mean uh like um uh been been been been been been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be back okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay you know well. Thank you guys for all your support for listening listening listening listening listening listening to all the podcast so far and like okay so like okay don't forget to to to to to to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as far as um um um um um um okay well um okay what podcast you would guys would like to hear what what what what what what topics you'd like us to like I mean I mean so you know discuss. So So So So So So we so we so we so we so we so we are in mind that that that that that that if you are sending suggestions that there um like you know like well well well well well well that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna praise you so you know so like uh. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy like I mean well um uh. So their focus is all about execution of strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy. Okay, many people come up with great ideas I mean so so well okay. Great strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless efforts of I mean you you you you you you know well I mean well prepare. During creating during creating during creating during creating during creating creating creating creating creating creating during creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic plans and sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes uh so like well okay they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but but but but but but the problem is sometimes most uh I mean so well I mean of the effort goes goes goes goes goes goes to waste why because they don't really put extra effort I mean so okay I I I I I I mean I mean to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
So I so I so I so I so I so I guess we'll start start start start start start off with a question this week. My first of so uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh you know all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So So So So So So anyway, so uh you know uh well Mike I'm gonna ask you a a a a a a question. Yes watching. It's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not not not not not not a trick question okay so I mean uh so. Okay. Do you think the Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth is flat? No good. I don't have well okay so well like to fucking kill kill kill kill kill kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of the I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh like uh day that died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he he he he he he said his whole life uh like so well okay trying to prove the Earth is is is is is is flat. He said he spent his days for like you know well um you you you you you you know $18,000 making a rocket. He said I happen when the rocket took off off off off off off the uh um um well like parachute went off of it. Like here's here's here's here's here's here's like here's like here's like here's like here's like here's the rocket the pair pair pair pair pair pair she fell out well like you know okay um class as we could have have have have have have been a fucking idiot. That's what that's what that's what that's what that's what what what what what what that's what you get for being I mean like so um so a fucking idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like um you know um um um um um um I mean so it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm be and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl Izzie well okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh well Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is so so so so so so is so is so is so is so is he do you find okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like well it hard to balance time between all the stuff you you you you you you do? Yes, it's so you know so um well very tricky to balance my time time time time time time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl um um so you know well duties, duties, duties, duties, duties, duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you that you that you that that that that that that you that you that you have to learn especially when you know well well well well well well so so uh doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where where where where where where I meant to be in three so well so I mean uh meetings meetings meetings meetings meetings meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have well uh uh uh uh uh uh um um like ways of getting around that which may involve meeting up up up up up up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
Hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, welcome to to to to to to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF uh well well well well well well uh uh so down. So happy to be here with you today the music music music music music music in the background, you you know you know you know okay um know, it's from from from from from from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um a copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to like okay well like okay thank you for your kindness to Dave Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue so so you know uh well to send your your your your your your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's I I I I I I mean you know okay so um again at pray for Jill.com. They on the the the the the the show is one of my favorite okay so uh well you know the one of of of of of of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our I mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean so well space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious hilarious hilarious hilarious hilarious hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a New New New New New New York I mean you know well I mean you know Times bestseller and and and and and and her most recent book just came out last week if called on uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so um the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right right right right right right in we haven't caught uh you know uh you know so up in in in in in in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is is is is is is you know like uh so okay episode 7. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So okay so okay so okay so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay well so uh uh these are two very close friends of mine as of recent recent recent recent recent recent. I met them like okay so okay so in college and we're all very very very very very very different people but we get along like great and okay um okay like you know know know know know know the thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds. Grounds, you grounds, you grounds, you grounds, you grounds, you grounds, you know know know know know know uh uh well um we have different ideas. But the but the but the but but but but but but the but the but the thing is were very close friends. And And And And And And if um like you know so I mean anything that like makes our friendship what what what what what what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could okay um okay so so go go go go go go ahead and please tell me about your background how which like of course like like like like like like uh okay um like Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I I I I I I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is so okay okay okay okay okay okay well so uh Ann Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't don't don't don't don't don't know um um uh um uh why I made there be so many words words words words words words in explaining what it is, you know you know you know you know I I I I I I mean but I think I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So like like like like like like you know okay um um in season one, we were looking at women who who who who who who who made history by quote unquote um okay so okay you know misbehaving which is sort sort sort sort sort sort of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them you know like um okay okay okay okay okay okay well did murder people this season we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
