Hey there, welcome back. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time time time time time time time it's time it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start like like like like like like like like so I mean uh um brushing on the top of your mouth on on on on on on on one side, but don't brush too uh like uh um like um hard. Do we? we we we we we we It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different like so you know know know know know know know so you know like heroic women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti kuti kuti kuti kuti kuti kuti Yoon, one of so uh I mean like uh well the most powerful female warriors warriors warriors warriors warriors warriors warriors in ancient times. In ancient in ancient in ancient in ancient in ancient in ancient in in in in in in in ancient times there was uh I mean okay so like I mean a kingdom in Asia Asia Asia Asia Asia Asia Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders like like like like like like like okay okay uh um like called the cons and could a union was the the the the the the the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, okay I I I I I I I mean um okay uh um real good form before we get to talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about anything and everything to do I mean I mean uh you know uh well well well well well well well with golf shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the man man man man man man man okay like you know like okay like on the phone. His name his name his his his his his his his name his name his name his name his name is Don Brown. He is the the the the the the the senior director of marketing Innovation for okay you know well like you know um True True True True True True True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that you you you you you you you know so well you know I mean uh you have a lot of product not not not not not not not just in the Gulf side, but true also has what like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay like so a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I correct correct correct correct correct correct correct on so okay uh okay like um all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that is correct. So true so true so true so true so true so true true true true true true true so true Sports, you know like you know uh well um so we we we we we we we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle of last year year year year year year year uh so um like well like and then you know, we have a hockey Division Division Division Division Division Division Division. I lacrosse division are Baseball like well well uh well you know division and they they they they they they they are all branded true. So it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so it so it made sense for the parent uh um like you know okay like company company company company company company company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were were were were were were were really like um um so I mean so just our golf division. So So So So So So So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by um you you you you you you you know you know um okay uh two thousand nine playoff winner and former General General General General General General General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back like so well um I mean okay to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years okay um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay our last Co-op view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you you you you you you you know you know you know I mean well um okay been very rare. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're not been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so so your career since In a few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're counting like so you know okay uh like down the top 31 Sports scandals of the the the the the the the past 31 years today. We're looking you know okay well uh I mean so back to to to to to to to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles monica seles monica seles seles seles seles seles seles seles monica seles monica seles monica seles monica seles was okay well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um only two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of of of of of of of so I mean so okay um you know the Hamburg open or opponent. Steffi Steffi Steffi Steffi Steffi Steffi Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as um so so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay a crazed fan with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um you know well I mean career for more shocking sports events from from from from from from from history tune in right here every well uh um like like uh day to our our our our our our our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify or wherever you get uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so um your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of the Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg Hamburg open 19 year okay like uh uh um you know old tennis star Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the the the the the the the podcast I mean I mean uh so you know uh where a girlfriend. Gossips to to to to to to to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some reason he listens so so I mean you you you you you you you know well okay. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a a a a a a a little bit. We like we like we like we like we like we like like like like like like like we like like like so okay um are going to obviously still be talking about about about about about about about Caroline, but we're going to shift a I mean like well um uh uh little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling with pumping okay so um um um I mean them out at the moment moment moment moment moment moment moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is well uh I mean well um um um um um um um I mean I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a a a a a a a call I mean uh okay well you know um from a listener, even though though though though though though though this isn't life and we must stop what so um I mean you know um um um um um um um like we're doing answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you you you you you you you well okay um well I mean so guys are swept that is this this this this this this this If is this the quad point is this like I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well or we getting cold. I feel like this - I think this this this this this this this has the um like like so so I mean makings of a stitch-up. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you do you do you do you do you do you do you always wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to louder into the mind? It's just you know well um like well like like like like like like like a chapel just as you just smack it down six months because you you you you you you you know uh you know um um uh I it's been nagging us for the the the the the the the last two weeks. Let's get them a okay I mean you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh segment on let's get enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like um like well the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured well well well well well well well so uh you know like um walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good good good good good good good. Yeah, I think I think um like so so um um duration work in general general general general general general general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how so um well um like like like like like like like like to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get get get get get get get me wrong you know like so uh like you know. I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a huge advocate of exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the uh like so okay okay um um um um um um um show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a huge advocate uh okay like so um um um um um um um well of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but but but but but but but there's not okay I mean um well uh um too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles Kibbles Kibbles Kibbles Kibbles Kibbles Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great okay so like so like okay how how how how how how how to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can so so so so so so so like so I mean so uh buy. It's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like like it's like it's like it's like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're we're we're we're we're we're we're um well uh well so well big on engagement games or big on training, training, training, training, training, training, training, but we're really big as pet you know like um uh um you know dog dog dog dog dog dog dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most um like like like like like like like so like um uh of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies Ladies Ladies Ladies Ladies Ladies Ladies well like so okay um so and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild ride with the want to see um well um so like I mean cats, cats, cats, cats, cats, cats, cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own well okay um I I I I I I I mean uh well safety seen Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony is someone who uh so you know so well so is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene scene scene scene scene scene scene. He has been on the podium. Odium at the okay I mean okay well well well well well well well okay I mean national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth forth forth forth forth forth forth. I'm okay um uh like I mean you know trying to think of topics. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna from time to time talk about um I mean um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean beating a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat beat beat beat beat beat beat my wife so well like like like well. It's because I don't have a a a a a a a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it okay so I mean um uh well here water water water water water water water pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is this is this is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is how we're going so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh you know to start this pod with water dripping and 2f 2f 2f 2f 2f 2f 2f words. That was that was that was that was that was that was that was was was was was was was dank like I mean okay so well like. We we just started. It's actually actually actually actually actually actually actually been rolling. Alright, how alright, how alright, how alright, how alright, how alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, how alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm on I'm on I'm on well you know you know well I mean uh one one one one one one one. Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode you know okay you know uh I mean I mean includes discussions of murder necrophilia necrophilia necrophilia necrophilia necrophilia necrophilia necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise we advise we advise advise advise advise advise advise advise we advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme I mean I mean so so so so so so so okay well so Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a a a a a a a good um I mean you know um you know like day for fishing though. The The The The The The The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow melt well so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It so I I I I I I I mean like well well uh was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch catch catch catch catch catch catch. Alone angler stood in the cold I mean uh uh like um like muddy water water water water water water water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled like you you you you you you you know well well well okay down the river his I caught something something something something something something something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something large well uh um you know I I I I I I I mean you know bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this okay you you you you you you you know uh okay you know okay episode is going to be about adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge um like well I mean so so so so so so so well part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So So So So So So So we're actually I mean I mean so you know you know you you you you you you you know going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about about about about about about about how well uh so um well I mean adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as as as as as as as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We you know like uh like you know know know know know know know you know are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after after after after after after after these you know um you know you know like uh sponsored messages. Here's where we we we we we we we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about well uh well well well well well well well you know um well anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'll explain real quick and let uh so okay uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record so so so so so so so okay you know um I mean you know and edit your podcast right right right right right right right from your phone or your computer. It's super it's super it's super it's super it's super it's super it's super easy and anchor.
Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends friends friends friends friends friends friends uh so you know okay so so Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here here here here here here here. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going to feel better you know okay well okay well uh and that are to to to to to to to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean um um okay we sit with ourselves each each each each each each each other and special guests to share the Journey of okay I mean so so so so so so so so uh okay going from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I I I I I I I roll um okay like okay you know so around the ideas. We have about relationship to others others others others others others others and relationship to sell for six well well you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to to to to to to to go through okay okay so so um I mean and learn things over again again again again again again again. It's the world is because you kind of lived in so I mean so so so so so so so um like uh that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's just like you I mean well um um I mean I mean build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
A single asingle asingle asingle asingle asingle asingle sardine cannot do much on its own own own own own own own accord. However, it has been okay so you know like okay I mean told told told told told told told I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath I I I I I I I mean I mean uh um well you know the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough Enough Enough Enough Enough Enough Enough a enough a enough a enough a enough a enough a enough a school of sardines sardines sardines sardines sardines sardines sardines was powerful enough like um so so so okay together to force a large boat to to to to to to to stop in its tracks and push it the other way I mean like so so so so so so so uh so um tile friends. If you want to change for better in this this this this this this this industry, if you want well I mean I mean um you know you know higher higher higher higher higher higher higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next Next Next Next Next Next Next I next I next I next I next I next I next I I I I I I I mean so okay okay uh uh podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu eiu eiu eiu eiu eiu eiu media apps active be active Navajo I mean uh you know well well like like like like like like like may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on on on on on on on that um like like you know like um hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed a total Bachchan I mean uh uh you you you you you you you know uh um Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the the the the the the the trial actually opco and you know well uh you know okay you know they say say say say say say say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do okay so so so so so so so like well so so with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug unplug unplug unplug unplug unplug unplug a podcast series like so okay well you know um were a child with interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting people about their careers and their life and their you know okay you know know know know know know know okay okay okay families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that that that that that that that you stay tuned and follow well I mean okay like you know like like like like like like like me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and like like like like like like like like well you know you know well follow as well unplugged artificial. We will will will will will will will behold posting every week. So if you okay like I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make so so so so so so so make so make so make so make so make so make sure that uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like well so you subscribe that you shared this video this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode to your friends your family to anyone well um so so so you know who who who who who who who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be okay so so so so so so so um um uh um more than happy to send you a gift of of of of of of of more podcasting. So let's get into um so you know so I mean so so so so so so so the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know know know know know know know well I mean like like I mean well podcast. This is no l am speaking. And And And And And And And today. I'm going to talk about well okay so so uh you know giving up up up up up up up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think think think think think think think I think um so um I mean you know um that it's it's where where where where where where where we find peace when we accept that. We are we are we are we we we we we we we are we are we are we are imperfect like Just it's I mean well well well well well well well like like like uh The Human Condition. I want you to know that every every every every every every every single person on planet Earth well so um I mean like like is not getting it it it it it it it. All right, they may look like they're getting it right because there's okay I I I I I I I mean well well like um maybe one facet of their life that they're really really really really really really really focused on and I mean I mean like so um like really paying a lot of of of of of of of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm I mean so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Well, so I mean okay uh you know well actually it's not not when you you you you you you you use anchor anchor is a free app that so uh well I mean like so allows you you you you you you you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea. They've I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so uh you know got all the creation tools the recording recording recording recording recording recording recording the editing and everything you well uh you know uh uh you know need including including including including including including including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or I mean you know okay like I mean well computer download the anchor app today today today today today today today or it over to Anchor FM to get started. In this okay so you know know know know know know know like okay so episode we look at very simple things. You can do in in in in in in in 5 minutes I mean so I mean okay you know you know per per per per per per per day to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made well well well well well well well uh you know um well like with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the the the the the the the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your uh I mean okay well uh like morning morning morning morning morning morning morning Bagel. Now where now where now where now where now where now where now where where where where where where where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate uh um um um um um um um um okay okay like the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this this this this this this this since 1872 Philadelphia you know okay uh well so well schmear perfection. Welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the hottest take take take take take take take I'm Juliet lime. And today and today and today and today and today and and and and and and and today and today I'm joined by I mean I mean so like I mean like like like like like like like Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the the the the the the the handwritten okay like I mean so uh okay. Thank you note into the fucking Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun not just don't send him send him off the um uh okay like uh so so so so so so so Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm at I'm at I'm at I'm at I'm at I'm at a okay okay like like like like like like like well I mean uh hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them them them them them them them a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do do do do do do do see uh like okay like um like Triple do see you want to shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things like okay so I mean I I I I I I I mean okay you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes and be a uh uh well okay like I mean comedian. You just want to broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device I mean well so um um um um um um um you know um is free and it's easy to use. You can record while while while while while while while you're at home. You can so okay okay um well um record on the go go go go go go go. Some of some of some of some of some of some of some of you you you you you you you you travel for work and you travel you know you know um so so so so so so so you know um far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have have have have have have have to do it okay okay you know okay so well at home and and and and and and and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It okay well like like like like like like like well uh okay uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to and and and and and and and boom. You've okay well um uh I mean well got a podcast in your voices out out out out out out out there. So download so download so download so download so download so download so download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for for for for for for for um I mean well you know I mean okay Chompers your morning and night night night night night night night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth like you know know know know know know know so I mean like well on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week week week week week week week where we talk I mean I mean you know okay you know like about about about about about about about heroic women from history today. We have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have we have we have the story of two heroines Helen um I mean you know know know know know know know I mean okay okay Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people people people people people people people who are blind and deaf. Helen well you know um so like so Keller and and and and and and and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was helen was helen was was was was was was was helen was helen was helen was helen was blind and well uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark dark dark dark dark dark dark and quiet Helen's parents well you know you know so like well wanted to communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she you know uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we need I I I I I I I mean okay uh uh so well the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off off off off off off off or something like that. Yes that specific reason um okay uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have we we can't can't can't can't can't can't can't okay you know uh you know like uh publish the video of what I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm telling the lotion story because It's part of um you know uh so okay um um um um um um um it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, same goes well you know like um um I mean for the football story story story story story story story that I want to tell ya but the the it was still so well so so so so so so so so like like funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I I I I I I I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March 2nd well you know know know know know know know um you know well I mean 2020. The optional the optional the optional the the the the the the the optional the optional the optional the optional podcast is a show all about the latest latest latest latest latest latest latest in video games and well okay okay I mean so so entertainment recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables and satellites all so well well well well well well well you know so well so around the world and right into a listening device of of of of of of of choice. As always. I'm uh so well well I mean well Paula to my oh oh oh oh oh oh oh and this week we got to change the copy um you know like um like um um um um um um um but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um you know well you know in the house. Yeah, you yeah, you you you you you you you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you know, they could Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase for being here - out to well you know I mean like okay uh chase you you you you you you you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again you know you you you you you you you know like you know well so for yeah step in there. It was was was was was was was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber so uh so well uh uh the fateful day had finally arrived. His first his his his his his his his first his first his first his first his first his first child was about about about about about about about to be born as you know okay you know I mean um I mean he he he he he he he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of well well well well well well well I mean you know you know you know so rain spattering against the glass glass glass glass glass glass glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of a uh you know know know know know know know I mean you know um um prophecy. He'd heard he'd heard he'd heard he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd heard he'd heard he'd heard he'd heard years before if you do. Do this this this this this this this evil thing you shall I mean like okay you know I mean so have an an an an an an an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers of blood you you you you you you you know um okay like well like will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall fall fall fall fall fall fall your cities will be devoured okay I mean okay well you know okay by Flames Flames Flames Flames Flames Flames Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words now his sin had I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean like um okay already been committed now, he must be be be be be be be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you you you you you you you um so I mean you know um okay so much for tuning in listening. We We We We We We We hope you like it. We hope you enjoy uh um uh okay uh like like like like like like like it. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that you know know know know know know know um well I mean uh I mean will really help us out especially here here here here here here here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like thing. This first one really is just us talking about some some some some some some some stories going to get okay I mean well I mean you know okay you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this I I I I I I I mean so like so you know like. We hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope we hope we hope we hope we hope you like it. Also a also a also also also also also also also a also a also a also a also a big shout out to Eric case case case case case case case dude I mean I mean I mean so well you know. Thank you thank you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you so much for the software that that that that that that that you've recommended gotten us past our first uh so um like I mean um um um um um um um couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track okay um um um um um um um so okay you know okay now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment moment moment moment moment moment moment. That's something we're working like um okay uh I mean uh on. We're we're learning. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth so I mean um so uh I I I I I I I mean everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the the the the the the the podcast um okay I mean I mean um so as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor uh uh so you know like okay the easiest way to make a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free okay I mean like uh uh uh their their their their their their their creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from like like like like like like like well well okay you know so your phone or computer through their app. They They They They They They They will distribute your podcast on anchor well you know well okay like I mean so so so so so so so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service um um um um um um um well so um you know I mean you can really imagine you can make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no uh um so well you know okay minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one in one one one one one one one in one in one in one in one in one place just um uh well well well well well well well so you know um on their app. So guys so guys so guys so so so so so so so guys so guys so guys so guys go download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go to uh you know you know I mean you know well Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets well you you you you you you you know well you know like uh podcast. We are glad and excited to be back for for for for for for for episode 2 we out you know um like you know like well here recording just just just just just just just having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we um um like like like like like like like you know you know uh decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today um um um um um um um uh I mean you know so so. My my guest is Kyle Curry who who who who who who who formerly played for the now folded London I mean well uh you know so well well well well well well well City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win win win win win win win so so well well so well the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it it it it it it it was playing for the Royals and um so I mean I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes. No, well well well like like um um that's segment is going to be about about about about about about about five minutes, but the whole thing's a like uh okay um like uh whole show. Hit when when when when when when when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But okay like you know know know know know know know okay you know like before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The The The The The The The oh, I'm just going so well you know you know you know I mean to to to to to to to run give you a rundown of the all the games this weekend and and and and and and and I I mean okay so um you know well will I'm going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about something else as well. So first game and I mean well okay well so so so so so so so um the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted I wanted I I I I I I I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to take a quick so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um like you know minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, it's okay I mean uh um like um the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's you know well I mean uh you know like free. There's creation tools that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from okay so well okay well you you you you you you you know your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be be be like um so like like uh heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You You You You You You You can also make money so you know like you know like I mean from your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys it's everything um um um um um um um so like you know like I mean you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one place download the free anchor app or so you know um like I mean well well well well well well well go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to the show. Hey there, you you you you you you you know like so okay okay um how are you? I hope you are are are are are are are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
Really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, we recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay like okay to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one one one one one one one place for free without okay um I mean well you know okay a premium premium premium premium premium premium premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus um like like like like like like like you know um you know like you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss miss miss miss miss miss miss an episode premium users uh uh um uh well uh can download episodes to to to to to to to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you know like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't done so already you know you know like you know um um Ready, be be be be be be be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify well you know I mean um okay like or browse podcasts in the your your your your your your your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you know like uh like you know know know know know know know um you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health Health Health Health Health Health Health well I mean I mean uh you know like daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop drop drop drop drop drop drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast you know I mean I mean you you you you you you you know so I mean by John. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find find find find find find find your so so so okay uh like most comfortable space. Take a take a take take take take take take take a take a take a take a take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
Being an being an being an being an being an being an being an expert expert expert expert expert expert expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered into okay you know okay okay I mean like being the guy who has has has has has has has all the answers. I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like like like like like like like I'd like to take this opportunity okay I mean um okay um you know know know know know know know to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I have I have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have um so well so like like like like like like like like theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't stay um um um um um um um I mean you know uh I mean well here. Stop setting up your tent tent tent tent tent tent tent. We can't stay here through my journey. It's become uh I mean okay uh well like like like like like like like evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become reformers. These are my so so so so so so so you know so uh you know um confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit visit visit visit visit visit visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome um uh well um uh uh to today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going to talk about Prosperity today so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni it's Jenni it's Jenni it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Jenni it's Jenni it's Jenni it's Jenni and I I mean okay um you know know know know know know know I mean okay am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who who who who who who who has um um okay so you know so just been arrested this week week week week week week week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow me at well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay I mean like all then you know, I have said since since since since since since since day one the beginning that she was well I mean well I mean so so so so so so so so guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew knew knew knew knew knew knew she did it uh so well well so so. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently impatiently impatiently impatiently impatiently impatiently impatiently for her to finally be brought I mean I mean you know um like like like like like like like um to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has finally finally finally finally finally finally finally happened well well uh uh okay I mean and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do do do do do do do with uh like um like like well uploading it and putting it online. But But But But But But But now we do it was kind of complicated like uh like uh uh I I I I I I I mean and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and and and and and and and we went um well like well okay okay through a few different platforms, but eventually we we we we we we we found anchor dot f m which you know okay like so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools like so you know uh like well that allow you to record and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or uh so like well um I I I I I I I mean computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will will will anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on on on on on on on Spotify like uh like you know uh well apple pie. Podcasts all podcasts all podcasts all podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts all podcasts all podcasts all podcasts all over the place and you can make money money money money money money money from your podcast with no you know so well I mean um okay minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. So if so if so if so if so if so if so if you have have have have have have have a hundred listeners a month, guess like well uh so uh um what you you you you you you you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well like I mean I mean it's worth it all the other sites sites sites sites sites sites sites make you pay to upload your podcast um uh I mean like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and do not get you money in the process. So it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you know I mean um um you know like that you need to make a a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app well so uh you know know know know know know know so uh or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the the the the the the the one um I mean uh you know um like Bitcoin show. Today is March the the the the the the the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the 2020s okay um you know um um um um um um um you know well baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 80 80 80 80 80 80 percenters were so well well like like well talking about it in motion value your your your your your your your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on you know like um okay you know know know know know know know okay confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally literally literally literally literally literally literally have well uh like uh you know so Koozies in my nightstand in in in in in in in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the well well uh I mean so so so so so so so like Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like um well well well well well well well um so uh well I stole that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take take take take take take take it back um okay so so like I mean. I know make sure you give me me me me me me me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I well so so you know like you know know know know know know know will okay, and also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies cookies cookies cookies cookies cookies cookies on my counters, I mean uh uh I mean um uh who's they they they they they they they also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone uh um well well well well well well well okay you know uh to I dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so so so so so so so okay. I may have so I mean like okay I mean you know shot shot shot shot shot shot shot the wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I I mean so like like like like like like like you know okay well don't know. I just I just I just I just just just just just just just I just I just I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding we did a well well like okay okay you know koozie were who could could could could could could could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them you know like so so so so so so so you know okay um half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well you know okay and we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our Our Our Our Our Our Our aim is to provide you so um um okay um you know know know know know know know with well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy relationships okay I mean like well okay uh where you live work and love yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is I mean you know so so so so so so so you know um I mean you and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of of of of of of of just wanted to introduce well uh like I mean I mean well ourselves because because because because because because because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well uh like I mean like and we pretty much established. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're not famous. So why should you listen I mean okay I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of who um so uh well I mean uh we are what kind of identities identities identities identities identities identities identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my um um um um um um um I mean you know I mean like so God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and experiences and experiences and experiences and experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences and experiences and experiences and well so uh you know well okay in specific specific specific specific specific specific specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think okay like like you you you you you you you know so well he's okay. I'll go first because I got a good one. This happened happened happened happened happened happened happened just um I mean you know uh well well this morning. I see see see see see see see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I resign I resign resign resign resign resign resign resign I resign I resign I resign I resign I'm Noah also known you know know know know know know know well um um so you know as polyphonic and you're listening to horns and and and and and and and wings the podcast where we read through okay you know uh um um okay Saga one one one one one one one issue at a time. Yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, and yes, and yes, and we will finally answer the question I mean uh you you you you you you you know uh so you know. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, No, No, No, No, No, No, that's our other podcasts like you know okay um uh uh. He said this is the the the the the the the Saga lunch. Oh that oh that oh that oh that oh that oh that oh oh oh oh oh oh oh that actually that still works. Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, so okay, so uh you know I mean well you know that's fast. How long long long long long long long how long were you sitting on that one? How long well you know know know know know know know so okay so well was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me me me me me me me the name of like so you know well you know uh this episode. That's a visual visual visual visual visual visual visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book so like like like um um um um um um um so. I just I just I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love well well well well well well well well uh well so so this cover this. You know what? No joke, this is is is is is is is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit we've hit we've hit we've we've we've we've we've we've we've hit we've hit we've hit we've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U U U U U U U s-- like I mean you know um like like L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here okay well you know uh so um um um um um um um for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a so so so so so so so um so so uh I mean sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just just just just just just just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just days away from from from from from from from opening weekend okay I mean I mean like you know so. How is your your your your your your your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you do you do you do you you you you you you you do you do you do you feel kind of refreshed well well okay well like like like like like like like I mean ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so well um uh I mean you know about to kick off and and and and and and and I was like, oh good good thing I um um um like so you know woke woke woke woke woke woke woke up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I like like like like like like like you know I mean uh you know um set my alarm. Yeah, and and and and and and and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like uh I I I I I I I mean like um okay so a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up up up up up up up and I was like, like okay okay I mean okay um whoa, we're like like like like like like like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they uh well like like like like like like like okay I mean um beat Montreal. I was just like yeah, we're back back back back back back back in the swing of well you know um so I mean well things. We are we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are good for real back back back back back back back in the swing of things were back here every single like like uh you know okay like Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to to to to to to to give you I mean you know um well well like guys a quick quick quick quick quick quick quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like well favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah. No premium no premium no premium no premium no premium no premium no premium like like like like like like like uh okay you know like you know account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of of of of of of of podcasts on every topic including the like like you know well you know so so so so so so so one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean uh um you never miss an episode you can share what what what what what what what you're listening to with friends I mean like uh you know okay okay on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen I I I I I I I mean you know well you know uh I mean to offline no matter where where where where where where where you are. So if you haven't done so already okay well uh uh well um um um um um um um be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts like you know okay so like well in the your library Tab and give give give give give give give us a follow. So you never miss um like you know okay um um um um um um um um an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The The The The The The The Ledger today so well so uh uh um. This is optimal relationships daily episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right okay well so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer you you you you you you you know you know okay uh well um podcast with your host Michael piccante. My My My My My My My name is Jordan sigh it and in this episode we I mean like well well well well well well well uh I mean I mean talk about the pyramid that you need to know for for for for for for for muscle gain, essentially okay you know um uh well okay the order of importance for you you you you you you you and your clients to make sure that I mean well okay okay like so they're building building building building building building building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay I mean. Hello, Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is is is is is is is the first-ever. We like you know okay well you know you know were were were were were were were one minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a you know know know know know know know I mean well so well I mean little bit of a new setup here here here here here here here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has well like you know okay okay okay certain rules rules rules rules rules rules rules and regulations around the set up and I realized that I okay um um um um um um um uh so you know okay hadn't set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move move move move move move move on I'll say you know I mean I mean okay well um this till till I I I I I I I die. You only have the next breath. That's all you well like so you know know know know know know know well you know have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all all all all all all all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all you got got got got got got got. What's up, so uh I mean well like uh y'all? Welcome to welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast episode 21 and technically for the people watching so so uh well uh so on on on on on on on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your normal so so so so so so so okay I mean okay well like podcast app, which is you can find find find find find find find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't I can't I can't I I I I I I I can't I can't I can't I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 year 11 year 11 year 11 year 11 year 11 year old patient so uh like like like like like like like okay like like. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic epileptic epileptic epileptic epileptic epileptic epileptic seizures. He would die okay like well um so well in the care of nurse nurse nurse nurse nurse nurse nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to today you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh uh I mean and true-crime a par cast original due due due due due due due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion I mean well like so like like like like like like like okay is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're discussing Beverly um you know so uh well okay allit one of Britain's Britain's Britain's Britain's Britain's Britain's Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later nicknamed the Angel um well well well well well well well okay well um okay of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty energized um well well like I mean I mean right now. Just got off the back back back back back back back of doing some live training to Bluestone College. I like well well so um okay did did did did did did did four locations in one hit which is the power of the internet okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um you know uh well and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be be be be be be be in four places at one time uh well well well I mean okay. So very very very very very very very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this little podcast um so so so so so so so okay like you know okay that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get get get get get get get into that, um uh like okay well like I want to give a shout shout shout shout shout shout shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've well you know you know I I I I I I I mean I mean um been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for for for for for for for so for so for so for so for so for so for anyone that that that that that that that leaves a you know I mean well well I mean like review on iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into a so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well so okay draw to win a little little gift from me me me me me me me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space space space space space space space for divine spiritual Seekers looking uh so well um so so to enter their their their their their their their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am your host e well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so so I mean let Louis and I'm here to help you find your your your your your your your light and awaken to your you know you know I mean um so I I I I I I I mean truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories and and and and and and and um well I mean you know okay you know deeply dive into what what what what what what what it means to be a soul having a human experience. So come on so um um um um um um um like uh like um in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and and and and and and and healing energy emanating I mean uh um so okay you know through your body body body body body body body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I am back. So it has okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay you know you know so been about a month since my last episode episode episode episode episode episode episode but I went off to have uh okay so like uh well a baby most of of of of of of of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the the the the the the the well um like uh so I mean basement on my mama's new couch. That's when when when when when when when I heard it all a chance okay like you know so like um to skirt. It It It It It It It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot you know you know well well well well well well well well like you know. The top the top the top the top the top top top top top top top the top the top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard motherboard motherboard motherboard motherboard motherboard motherboard a towering Drive well you know you know like okay I mean. I put put put put put put put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off well well well well well well well well well okay um I mean too fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed missed missed missed missed missed missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a um so um okay I mean well rig rig rig rig rig rig rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on well well well well well well well well so so so okay make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their their their their their their their words because I don't know uh um okay you know um um really going going going going going going going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear. I'm uh I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I mean you know you you you you you you you know uh well gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm picking I'm picking I'm picking I'm picking I'm picking I'm picking I'm picking out well well well well well well well uh um you know okay so my favorite - like a Penn State State State State State State State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding you know uh I mean well well well well well well well you know you know all my mouth to read up on all the ways to to to to to to to open. Lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we did did did did did did did we did we did we did we did we did we just you know so so so so so so so uh okay I mean well say that each week? We'll be we'll be we'll be be be be be be be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create create create create create create create you know uh okay uh okay well some atmosphere light some candles turn off off off off off off off the TV you are trying to get in um I mean okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a a a a a a a good escort um uh I mean I mean uh well done done. Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you you know okay well well well well well well well uh you know I mean see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here to like so I mean okay I mean okay talk about my life experiences as as as as as as as a model share my best tips and advices well I mean uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry industry industry industry industry industry industry and so um you know well you know okay well much more basically reminding reminding reminding reminding reminding reminding reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be talking about who I so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so okay am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, first well, first well, first well, first well, first well, first well, first first first first first first first I mean so you know uh like like of all, thank you so much for being being being being being being being here and listening to my very so um uh uh um well first episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a podcast for okay I I I I I I I mean so I mean like I mean over a year now and kept kept kept kept kept kept kept pushing it off, but I just had to um you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by by by by by by by anchor if well like okay okay I mean okay you don't know about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the platform that we use to make all I mean you know you you you you you you you know you know like well of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make make make make make make make a podcast. Let you know well I mean like I mean so me just just just just just just just break it down for you guys real quick. It is it is it is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is 100% free. There's okay uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds of creation tools uh okay okay okay so uh so that you can can can can can can can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so I mean like uh computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for for for for for for for you so that it can be heard so so okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it it it it it it it you can make money uh okay so like uh like from your podcast right right right right right right right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you you can you can you can start so well you know uh uh okay monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um so like make a podcast all in one place. So download the the the the the the the free anchor app or go okay uh I mean well so like to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the the the the the the the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the episode guys shit out in uh okay I I I I I I I mean um you know okay a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's fucking boring. I'm not doing like um you know you know um so so so so so so so it. Okay. I just I just I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like like like like like like like that. It's bullshit you know so like um I mean I mean. It's what's under under under under under under under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have well well well well well well well like you know okay okay so a stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with with with with with with with my best friend's husband. I so okay um well I mean okay think my my my my my my my uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh okay. What's your secret? Welcome back to another week of beyond the the the the the the the secret. My name is so uh you know um okay okay Ace Fanning and I I I I I I I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind okay so so so so so so so like so so um of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus uh like like like like like like like uh okay you know well of solely if you enjoy this episode on the the the the the the the stoic Greek philosopher and want to okay okay okay so uh okay hear more more more more more more more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like uh okay. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively exclusively exclusively exclusively exclusively exclusively exclusively on Spotify follow famous faiths uh you know I mean so well uh today today today today today today today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it that that that that that that that um um okay like so like you need? Are you indeed who I think you you you you you you you are? I'm not certain any man well well uh um well uh is who he he he he he he he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so well teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's it's it's it's it's it's it's about my son phileas. He is well well I mean okay um uh of the the the the the the the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for three three three three three three three decades you know I mean you know uh so um. I've isolated myself that for for for for for for for what what's the point of being six degrees from everyone if so okay okay like like like like like like like like well all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally finally finally finally finally finally finally found someone. I you know uh uh um you know you know have a a a a a a a true bond with Randy best low. I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't think anyone so like like I I I I I I I mean well I mean could ever ruin our friendship. I ran I ran I ran ran ran ran ran ran ran I ran I ran I ran I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon you know know know know know know know so uh uh I mean so. He stole what should have been my life previously on on on on on on on the last degree of um well uh you know um well Kevin Bacon. This wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh years. He was just some boring guy Rani gave me the the the the the the the right sir, Frog so uh like um so I mean and Toad Kevin. Somehow made made made made made made made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh I mean make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm um um um um um um um like so okay uh so not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today um I mean like okay uh you know we're here with with with with with with with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our you know know know know know know know well you know so okay like conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st. Francis uh well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you ever ever ever ever ever ever ever I guess experience uh I mean okay I mean well so like like like like like like like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was I I I I I I I mean um um so like you know it and yeah I can can can can can can can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard um um um um um um um I mean okay I mean like you know about anchor get it is the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. I want okay you know um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so to explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's I mean so so you know okay I mean free. There's a creation tool that allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast like well uh I mean so well right right right right right right right from your phone or your computer if that's how you want to do you know know know know know know know uh like um okay well it. That's not that's not that's not that's not not not not not not not that's not that's not that's not how we do it. But I suppose you you you you you you you could anchor will okay so like I mean well I mean distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple so okay I mean like like like like like like like like um podcast Stitcher many many more and you can make money. From your your your your your your your podcast with okay you know like well okay um no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast and one place I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know you know. So go so go so go so go go go go go go go so go so go so go ahead and download the free anchor app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F like uh well well um um m-- to get started started started started started started started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, so so okay okay okay well it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a spool back to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like I mean you know Spotify for music, but now guess what what what what what what what you can find all your um well you know uh um I mean favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
Welcome back to another podcast. What the what the what the what the the the the the the the what the what the what the couch I'm here once again, but other other other other other other other podcasts so I mean so uh so so another one. Yes, that's right. You You You You You You You could you could you could you could you could you could you could could could could could could could okay what other episode no, no, it's not uh I mean I mean I mean so so so so so so so like. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of well well I mean um I mean you know what the coach thing. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain you complain you complain you complain complain complain complain complain complain complain you complain you complain you complain about me okay well so um so so so so so so so uh saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, let's do do do do do do do so like like uh like well the intro. Okay. This was the entire entire entire entire entire entire entire show you how it's done, right? You so you know like well well well well well well well okay like know you want okay do it. You know you already did the intro intro intro intro intro intro intro. I will um uh like so you know well do the next intro. Why have have have have have have have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't I can't I I I I I I I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't wait like so like well I I I I I I I mean I mean to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This This This This This This This was like wow, um like like well well okay this is like a real roller roller roller roller roller roller roller coaster. It was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it was just like one of those old okay I mean like like um um um um um um um um can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going going going going going going going um okay so you know okay well to get into but I know that it it it it it it it was a good movie because you know you know like so so so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot to I mean um I mean uh so you know talk about about about about about about about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now, like so so so so so so so well like okay um let's not get into it. Okay, here we go go go go go go go. Hey everybody Welcome to the you know um like like so you know 500 greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from okay you you you you you you you know you know um so like me is my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say Say Say Say Say Say Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
Before we before we before we before we before we before we before we get get get get get get get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly so like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all all all all all all all of your favorite you know like okay you know so so artists and podcast and one one one one one one one place that's for free. You don't even need a okay um uh well you you you you you you you know okay premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are all all all all all all all trying to uh so uh uh you know I mean save a little bit these these these these these these these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite I mean like well I I I I I I I mean I mean well podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever you're listening to with I mean so like uh well uh your friends friends friends friends friends friends friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to okay well like well well well well well well well well you know offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have have have have have have have too um uh um okay um uh many. The apps downloaded already but this one one one one one one one is actually useful. So if you um like well okay like so haven't done done done done done done done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify so so so so so so so I mean you know so uh you know or browse podcasts in the you are Library Library Library Library Library Library Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us um like like uh I mean so on there. So So So So So So So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, like like I I I I I I I mean so I mean so let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 45 of optimal living advice uh so uh well so I mean the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode of of of of of of of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding okay um well well well well well well well okay I mean okay out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high high high high high high high fives, you know that sort of well like uh well okay like thing, but but but but but but but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real nerds who who who who who who who you know well like okay well okay offer expert guidance on things like credit cards cards cards cards cards cards cards and retirement with calculators and side-by-side uh uh I mean uh you know well well well well well well well comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's I mean you you you you you you you know uh well well well the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so so so so so so so first it's free and you know you know uh like uh so everybody loves loves loves loves loves loves loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love like like like like like like like well you know like okay like free things. So there's also creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your like well uh I mean I mean like own own own own own own own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast I I I I I I I mean well well you know okay okay for you. So can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so I mean okay you know so well well well well well well well okay that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your your your your your your your own uh well you know like I mean I mean podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership everything you need to make a podcast all I mean I mean like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean in one place. So download the free anchor app today or or or or or or or go to Anchor I mean uh so like like so dot. F m-- to get get get get get get get started. Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency proficiency proficiency proficiency proficiency proficiency proficiency Quest the podcast so like well well uh you know for C2 English English English English English English English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey okay you know know know know know know know okay okay like uh towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the the the the the the the show and don't like like like so well um forget to hit subscribe. So you you you you you you you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, I mean like you know uh well like like like like like like like welcome back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in in in in in in in the um I mean so you know well you know C2 proficiency speaking paper and and and and and and and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We I mean like like so well well well well well well well okay already talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
Moans and moans and moans and moans and moans and moans and moans moans moans moans moans moans moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with moaning with moaning with moaning with with with with with with with moaning with moaning with moaning with you within you grunting I mean okay well well well well well well well well well I mean as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the the the the the the the tree of okay okay you know like like I mean life. You come and and and and and and and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay you know uh and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans Moans Moans Moans Moans Moans Moans and groans the sounds of making like I mean okay um uh uh love my breath breath breath breath breath breath breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath your breath your breath your breath breath breath breath breath breath breath your breath your breath your breath the Breath so like well uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing you're breathing you're breathing you're you're you're you're you're you're you're breathing you're breathing you're breathing you're breathing keeps me high. You make me high well like like like like like like like uh like you know so higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh well so I mean your support. I hope you're getting a lot out out out out out out out of studying the Bible in um like so um um uh this way by looking looking looking looking looking looking looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something uh you know okay so well you you you you you you you know we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk okay uh uh like um uh about it more and today we're looking at at at at at at at. And really interesting passage. It's quite well you know so so you know um unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike unlike everything else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, like okay I mean okay like um which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and and and and and and and James and his well like like well well I mean brother John and and and and and and and led them up a high mountain where they could be alone. There in um well like like like like like like like well you know I mean their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back today like well like you know like um as you have to to to to to to to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did what did what did what what what what what what what did what did what did what did I say? You just do I mean um um um um um um um um like um you know pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the the the the the the the one. Yeah. I knew you'd want so uh uh um uh like to say say say say say say say the full title. Right love it before we jump into this episode uh um well well well well well well well you know like well. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in in in in in in in a situation so I mean so um um I mean where you need help or or or or or or or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available okay like like like like like like like um um like um to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We We We We We We We discussed a okay well uh okay I mean I mean chapter from the series series series series series series series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World so you know uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Robin uh like I mean I mean you know well. We were really excited to to to to to to to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our I mean okay you know um um um um um um um um like thoughts and feelings about the original book theories, but that's over now now now now now now now today. We're discussing um uh you know well okay so scenes 59 365 of of of of of of of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements well well you you you you you you you know so uh you know and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to to to to to to to know your thoughts. So, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, so, so, so, so, so, so, please so, please feel like um okay well I mean um free to tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet along with us. You can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you can you can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to so so you know know know know know know know uh like so join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a a a a a a a few extra guy in flying like um um well I mean like around donate to to to to to to to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, I I I I I I I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and uh so so so so so so so so so like uh I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you so so so so so so so um like um you know okay for listening by the way, but if if if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest you know well well well well well well well like I mean you know uh way to make a podcast. I know know know know know know know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine I mean so well like well well well well well well well well and a few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on on on on on on on like I mean well um okay I mean how to get their podcast started started started started started started started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know uh to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit uh um well uh well okay the podcast, right? right right right right right right Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave so I mean like I I I I I I I mean um um messages. Thank you to those of you that have been doing that by by by by by by by the so you know uh um okay you know way, keep them come and and and and and and and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast okay so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more more more more more more more this so uh uh okay you know well so many channels that are are are are are are are podcast is on some of them. I never even so um I mean you know know know know know know know well um heard of so it does the work for you and you can make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're you're you're you're you're you're you're um I mean so well okay okay listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking with Loonette. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, all well like well like um well right. Keep in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You You You You You You You open this and I gotta drink I mean like you know like well so it. All All All All All All All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the well like you you you you you you you know okay okay so end. I'm Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do do do do do do do you play? Play uh um um um um like guitar. Okay again, I do vocals vocals vocals vocals vocals vocals vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm so okay uh well like uh Carlos and and and and and and and I play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass I mean like like like like like like like so you know I mean okay. All right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, let's let's let's do a this is our our our our our our our first time doing it with multi you know uh um I mean uh I I I I I I I mean people can guys so this will be fun. It might it might it it it it it it it might it might it might it might it might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious serious serious serious serious serious serious. We're um we're um we're um we're um we're um we're um we're um okay so so so so so so so you know um so getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm well well well well well well well so well okay um well procedure right? I am South African and I've been living living living living living living living in Munich for almost seven like um you know you know uh uh and and and and and and and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus focus focus focus focus focus focus like okay uh uh um okay goes into a trauma Survivor community that I I I I I I I started just over a year ago. It was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was it was it was um uh you know so okay I mean really interesting because because because because because because because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so I okay uh well like like like like like like like like uh grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson um you you you you you you you know like okay you know so Fowler with me as always from Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina uh okay I mean okay you you you you you you you know uh Gamecocks this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have have have have have have have to well I mean you know um um I mean wear that albatross around around around around around around around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a like well well well well well well well um well you know uh lot of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to well okay okay okay so I mean traveling and and and and and and and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In well well well well well well well I mean um I mean well so the morning, but I'm being serious because Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday you were in Colombia. You covered so so okay I mean uh I mean the the the the the the the baseball game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to um um like like like like like like like well uh you know Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And then you said you you you you you you you stayed overnight in Hoover or you know uh okay I mean you know know know know know know know like Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning morning morning morning morning morning morning you know like uh I mean okay um to cover the baseball game then came came came came came came came back to Colombia. And the now you um uh uh uh um well are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
Don't pull it out. The views the views the views the views the views the views views views views views views views the views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily well I I I I I I I mean so okay you know okay stay or reflect those of the company and and and and and and and its management for their more so well I mean well so uh the the the the the the the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean okay uh 17 the rivals. Let's just let's just let's just just just just just just just let's just let's just let's just let's just go and tell a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about what is actually you know I mean like uh um well happening here here here here here here here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um well I mean well is a podcast in which this young lady here here here here here here here with a mouthful of toast uh okay so you know okay okay. Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Heather hyah, Heather hyah, Heather hyah, Heather hyah, Heather hyah, Heather hyah, Heather Heather Heather Heather Heather Heather Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of age I I I I I I I mean well uh like well I mean. I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician's musician's musician's musician's musician's musician's musician's health um um like uh uh like and wellness. It's two it's two it's two it's it's it's it's it's it's it's two it's two it's two it's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's really it's really it's really it's really it's really it's really it's really um um um um um um um okay so I mean okay so cold down here. But here we are. We are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are bad back in in in in in in in the podcast Studio like uh so like you know um at Loyola University New New New New New New New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking so you know uh um okay well well well well well well well forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce announce announce announce announce announce announce that our guest today you know like uh okay uh like is singer-songwriter and and and and and and and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would I would I would I would I would I I I I I I I would I would like to welcome you to so like so so like like like like like like like uh my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today I I I I I I I mean like uh okay like like. We'll speak we'll speak we'll speak we'll speak speak speak speak speak speak speak we'll speak we'll speak we'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back Back Back Back Back Back Back everyone in 2008. I so you know like so uh I mean had the the the the the the the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast from Los Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles like you know uh I mean I mean um to San Jose. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now I've now I've now I've now I've now I've now I've now I've been been been been been been been on a train before. But this was special I mean so like so well um um um um um um um. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting like okay okay um um you know your own podcast? You know you have if if if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's uh um uh like okay uh the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's free like like like like like like like okay so uh like I mean. That means no money out of your pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you um like okay okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just that that that that that that that okay so well you know like okay easy anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on um uh I mean well you know know know know know know know you know Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is on eight I mean I mean you know I mean I mean like like like like like like like different. Forms all forms all forms all forms all forms all forms all forms all all all all all all all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast and like like like like like like like like so um okay like you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor is everything you need to make a I mean uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know podcast in one place. So what do you do download the the the the the the the free anchor app I mean like okay you know so I mean or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in in in in in in in so you know um okay I mean um a couple of weeks due due due due due due due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that did um like like like like like like like like um so okay notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't notice but we did promise you know um you know you know I mean you know know know know know know know that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into well um um well well well well well well well um well it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike as I mean um well well um like always so M. How are you you you you you you you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I I mean you you you you you you you know I mean I mean you know um am also fine. Okay, so statements statements statements statements statements statements statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the you know I mean okay I I I I I I I mean you know well world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by by by by by by by another and we so I mean so I mean um so are honored and excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a okay like um so so so so so so so you know okay physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a a a a a a a best-seller, which I'm not just saying okay so I mean so I mean like like like like like like like this because he's they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like so you know um as well. It is one of my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very very very very very very very okay well like like okay okay traumatized after seeing a man turn into some some some some some some some messed up organism right in front uh I mean you know well like I I I I I I I mean of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules rules rules rules rules rules rules um um um um you know so again. And again, it was so dark dark dark dark dark dark dark in here that I had to use the okay I mean um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well small lamp on the table next to me. They really they really they really really really really really really really they really they really they really they really need to fix the um um um um um um um um you know um like you know lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken broken broken broken broken broken broken the first rule. Hopefully so uh I mean um uh you know other than traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is this is this is this is this this this this this this this is this is this is going to be okay okay so um um uh a great great great great great great great shift. The first the first the first the first the first the first first first first first first first the first thing I tried was to walk out but so so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like I could see movement in my peripheral vision. They got they got they they they they they they they got they got they got they got they got closer as I moved moved moved moved moved moved moved well like like um you know like towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name you you you you you you you know you know like uh well I mean is Adam. I am your your your your your your your host. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you to everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody who listened to the last I mean you know you know um okay you know episode episode episode episode episode episode episode and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this okay well well well well well well well so well um um episode, I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I I I I I I I am like okay I mean okay you know um going so I'm trying to put put put put put put put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay like of film and put together. Kind of making it I I I I I I I guess is the best way um okay so like well uh to put it it it it it it it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about in I mean well well well well well well well so okay um you know the past I talked about in the last episode that I I I I I I I really am a um so you know uh you know um big fan of of of of of of of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not so not so not so not so not not not not not not not so not so not the Bowman Prospect cards you know okay um like so um the the the the the the the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with you know um um um um um um um okay so like uh the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those those those those those those those specific cards, so Here's basically what um uh uh uh you know okay I I I I I I I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never like well well well well well well well so well um I mean have to open up milk cartons again meet meet meet meet meet meet meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling um I mean um I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to do do do do do do do. Go like uh um you know like I mean ahead. This works in any any any any any any any milk. Carton. All right all right all right all right all right all right all right is easy now I can have milk every.
Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton. Oh uh well like um okay I mean and I have on on on on on on on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise I mean okay well well well well well well well uh I mean like known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to to to to to to to you. What's uh what's uh what's uh what's uh what's uh what's uh what's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so um like like your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try try try try try try try that next time at the casino uh well okay I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself I I I I I I I mean uh I mean well so uh. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick quick quick quick quick quick quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney okay I mean you know uh well you you you you you you you know. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta really like uh so like so uh get into and a pause in between there there there there there there there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as I mean you know um uh so so so so so so so um they surged about. It wasn't it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't it wasn't it wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay stage and screen okay okay uh you know know know know know know know so I mean if you wish and there you go you are without without without without without without without electricity today. So you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so you know so okay so I mean uh we're going to try to make this this this this this this this a brief show. I know you're I mean you know uh well um um um um um um um well working on battery power over there. So I have a good signal and I I I I I I I uh you know I mean okay I mean okay have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad bad bad bad bad bad bad well you know um I mean like I mean reputation for everything they do they they they they they they they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond well um I mean well well well well well well well well um industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none none none none none none none of I mean well you know um um so them are immune from job job job job job job job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that I mean uh well I mean like like like like like like like you know these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are are are are are are are a few common so uh so like like well ones and how to combat them them them them them them them. One Millennials change jobs after one year one myth um like like okay you you you you you you you know um that some might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials jump like um so okay okay so from job to job because we're never never never never never never never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics you know you know know know know know know know okay well um so shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they they they they they they they did 25 years ago I mean like okay so um well in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign um so so so so so so so so well okay I mean me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean Dean Dean Dean Dean Dean Dean. I am I am I am I am I am I am I am the the the the the the the owner of uh like so well um um seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been been been been been been been a reseller for about half a year. I've so like um so I I I I I I I mean well created an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other other other other other other other postures well you know uh well um like in the community here. I will talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about all the tips and tricks I've like like uh uh um so Stop along along along along along along along the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help well I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean well you enhance and possibly pick up your own own own own own own own side gig or full-time gig like um well um so so with being a a a a a a a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going we're going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning learning learning learning learning learning learning all I mean well okay okay okay okay about indefinite articles in the English English English English English English English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are um so like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are are are are are are are used with well like I mean well well okay the indefinite articles in in in in in in in English now for those of you who are Back again like like so like uh well for for for for for for for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like you know okay to quickly introduce myself. My name my name my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name is teacher Monica and and and and and and and I'm an American English teacher so I mean uh like so well. I have I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have a master's degree in in in in in in in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of I mean okay uh like well well well well well well well um other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently I currently I currently I I I I I I I currently I currently I currently I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
Bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop Cop Cop Cop Cop Cop Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it those militia militia militia militia militia militia militia uh well I mean well um you know upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's great it's great it's great it's great it's great it's great it's great to to to to to to to be back with my favorite podcast. The friends okay um okay uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very distressed Jean I I I I I I I mean okay so I mean uh well Nicolet on movie Casa de esta esta esta esta esta esta esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the well so you know I mean like so so so so so so so kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude career path like um uh so um so. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon Zalimoon Zalimoon Zalimoon Zalimoon Zalimoon Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies are 90 I mean you know well so so so so so so so so so Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did did did did did did did not last like uh uh um uh I mean long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, well okay uh okay okay you know March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base base base base base base base with all of you because it you know like um um so so so so so so so so feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been been been been been been been well um well um um uh on spring break. I usually only send an email email email email email email email with a link to the theory um okay uh well well you know know know know know know know courses. So if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in uh so well well well well well well well so um uh your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on on on on on on on to them uh uh okay uh um so or tell them to contact me so I can can can can can can can send them the link. This is so so okay you know like I mean important important important important important important important information that I want all of you to have. It's going to be even okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so okay you know like more important than usual for us to be in in in in in in in communication for you to have okay so so okay I mean you know good communication with with with with with with with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You I you I you I you you you you you you you I you I you I you I mean okay I mean so you know so need need need need need need need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to check check check check check check check uh I mean I mean um so so any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so sorry that I have a neglected okay you you you you you you you know so you know so you know you guys. I'm really I'm really I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really neglect to do but life's life's life's life's life's life's life's been busy Christmas and then okay well like like okay like you know what what what what what what what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2. So um so so so so so so so um so um so um so um so um so um uh so well I I I I I I I mean so we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really really really really really really really you know so I mean you know I mean you know good guests lined up up up up up up up for you guys to listen to and I hope you really I mean like okay so so so so so so so I mean you know enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be be be be be be be great for the podcast like okay I mean so so um and you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd like to come on please to give me a message because well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well so I'd love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to to to to to to to quickly well well you know uh well uh just mention the sad death of Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to well well I mean okay so like like like like like like like people just to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if if if if if if if and if and if and if and if and if and if okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so um uh I mean someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring like um well like I mean well in a realistic and hopeful way what what what what what what what it's like to live with borderline personality uh well you know you know so well well well well well well well disorder and other mental health problems. My name my name my name my my my my my my my name my name my name my name is Celine and I am your host host host host host host host for this I mean like well okay so so podcast. I want to issue a a a a a a a Proviso at the beginning of the uh you know so okay well like Podcast which which which which which which which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health so you know so so so so so so so so like like and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support support support support support support support if you need like um I mean so um um them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in in in in in in in this month's I mean okay like so like you know episode. We've got an interview interview interview interview interview interview interview with John Rudd who is a national performance uh um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well director at swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career career career career career career career I mean I mean uh okay so okay at Plymouth some of the athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit you know so like I I I I I I I mean uh okay about what is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I I I I I I I do I do I do I do I do I do I do need okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so uh well so to apologize for the quality of some of of of of of of of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start start start start start start start uh uh like uh well so. I wanted to welcome you to our one one one one one one one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this like I mean like you know well well well well well well well um new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS DCS DCS DCS DCS DCS DCS going forward as you know uh um uh I mean well you know, the legislative legislative legislative legislative legislative legislative legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was formally so like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we we we we we we we presented like you know I mean well I mean okay our budget before before before before before before before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 like like so um so so so so so so so well budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional you you you you you you you know I mean okay I mean okay I mean changes have been made to to to to to to to our budget up to this point. This is a so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh so positive step for the department and helps us better plan and assess assess assess assess assess assess assess our word um okay like like um well the next steps will be for for for for for for for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal I mean well well uh uh I I I I I I I mean year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode um like so like well I mean. We've selected those we fell to the most dramatic and and and and and and and entertaining and supplemented them like I mean um um uh you know with additional additional additional additional additional additional additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a wide um um um um um um um you know I mean like I mean I mean variety across sources are myths myths myths myths myths myths myths may not always be the version you're familiar with like I mean well you you you you you you you know well you know but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through through through through through through through the early morning Darkness desperate so uh um you know like so not to lose the the the the the the the trail of his people. He'd been he'd been he'd been he'd been he'd been he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd been he'd been following them day and night um uh uh I mean uh so. He He He He He He He was filthy hungry. And for and for and for and for and for and for for for for for for for and for the first time in his life alone. Oh long arrows okay I I I I I I I mean I mean like like um foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the the the the the the the ground known to be deaf and assumed to you know okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh so okay you know the global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently recently recently recently recently recently recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marvel features marvel features marvel features marvel features marvel marvel marvel marvel marvel marvel marvel features marvel features I mean okay well well I mean you know marble is an an an an an an an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know well you know Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that that that that that that that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back okay well um I mean I I I I I I I mean okay to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla I'm Kayla I'm Kayla Kayla Kayla Kayla Kayla Kayla Kayla I'm Kayla I'm Kayla I'm Kayla I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be be be be be be be talking about okay uh I mean I mean okay um today's topic. Back in July 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 my mother Amy and I took a I mean okay okay okay you know I I I I I I I mean trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently currently currently currently currently currently currently okay you know uh so like you know unaware of The Gorgeous actor who who who who who who who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my uh so uh I mean I I I I I I I mean okay life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush crush crush crush crush crush crush you know well like so I mean you know on Tom. That's almost three three three three three three three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 uh okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know years older than me back in October of 2019. I met I met I I I I I I I met I met I met I met I met Tom well for 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 seconds that is but overall. It just it just it just it just it just it just it just made my career even.
Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best best best best best best best well like well uh you know okay the number one sports gambling podcast on the the the the the the the entire internet and podcast landscape and place where sounds you know okay well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Bastard out you you you you you you you know you know you know like like okay a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, Bastard, Bastard, Bastard, Bastard, Bastard, Bastard, you know, we figured we just change it up because the Mojo uh well well well well well well well so uh well okay needed a little bit of changing as far as the pics were were were were were were were well I mean uh uh like so concerned just a tad not much the the the the the the the the luck ran out of the money I mean um well like like I I I I I I I mean song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You You You You You You You better give me okay um you know uh so I mean that money. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV TV well I mean well you know so okay talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I okay I okay I okay I okay I I I I I I I okay I okay I okay well okay so well okay have Alexis here with a news news news news news news news and gossip pumped and ready to go out uh like so um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual usual usual usual usual usual usual. And okay well you know okay so um as you may have noticed this this this this this this this is not exactly our usual programming a because we actually well well well well well well well well uh you know um I mean didn't have one of those this week week week week week week week. But if you're hankering for your weekly slap cast like well uh like like like like like like like well uh content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show um um um um um um um uh um um so um. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and video series we have you know uh I mean I mean like um rebranded rebranded rebranded rebranded rebranded rebranded rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning like uh you know I mean uh so in and let's get back to business today today today today today today today. So I'm making this video and podcast right like okay so you know uh um um um um um um um after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists on the uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh um Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of of of of of of of you know, the sports card I mean so okay um I mean like market and and and and and and and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of is right uh okay well well well well well well well um well um. Now that people can go out and buy based on on on on on on on what his base prism okay so well uh um um PSA tests. We We We We We We We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a colorist for film television and uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean I mean well everything in between when my clients come come come come come come come into the color grading sweet to work on well you know okay well like well well well well well well well their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay um I mean a day or weeks on end depending on the project those those those those those those those clients might be directors so uh um I mean I mean like writers producers or cinematographers cinematographers cinematographers cinematographers cinematographers cinematographers cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work okay you know uh well so you you you you you you you know. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's it's it's it's it's it's it's color you know like like like I mean I mean but not necessarily and that that that that that that that is what the color couch is all about. It's a uh I mean so so so so so so so so I mean uh glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will will will will will will will talk about color from so okay okay um like like time to time, but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One One One One One One One Stop Shop so so like like like uh for everything related to night night night night night night night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming out uh okay well well well well well well well well well like in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor outdoor outdoor outdoor outdoor outdoor outdoor Legacy. Mr I mean like I mean okay um so. Jason Robertson jason Robertson jason jason jason jason jason jason jason Robertson jason Robertson jason Robertson jason Robertson jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not Not Not Not Not Not Not much and I've got to say folks that I mean okay um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um was very impressive that he got all those words out because that was was was was was was was his uh okay well like I mean well fifth attempt and the first four times all all all all all all all he was trying to say so you know well I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled like uh so okay uh like it. We this is a this is a one-take one-take one-take one-take one-take one-take one-take show. So if there's any so I mean like I mean so like hiccups or problems, problems, problems, problems, problems, problems, problems, it has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise I mean uh so so so so so so so um you know I mean it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, if if if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to like you know so so so so so so so uh okay okay make a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free free free free free free free. How could you like uh okay okay you know so get anything better at at at at at at at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to you know well okay you you you you you you you know uh you know record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer how convenient anchor I mean I mean you know um okay um will will will will will will will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well uh podcast and many more you can make money from your your your your your your your podcast to with no minimum listenership I mean um okay well you know I mean. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need need need need need need need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor um um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again again again again again again again once again once again once again once again once again once again that's anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored okay well I mean well like well on FM to get started. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys well you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there yeah, there there there there there there there yeah, there yeah, there yeah, there yeah, there yeah, there we go coming at you you you you you you you you know uh you know uh you know you know week three, but but but but but but but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had okay I I I I I I I mean okay um um okay a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
What do what do what do what do what do what do what what what what what what what do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And this this this this this this this so well okay uh so uh is a sip and chill show Welcome to the the the the the the the second episode. It is the um uh okay so well like beginning of of of of of of of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole nother um okay okay I I I I I I I mean so I mean 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new new new new new new new this week so okay um okay I mean uh next week the following week. You have have have have have have have a 30-something days and get your money um I mean well so well uh up up up up up up up. And yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so like um my March baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there there there there there there there celebrating its month their uh well uh um I mean you know birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener listener listener listener listener listener listener discretion um um so you know uh I mean is advised. March 16th 1978 1978 1978 1978 1978 1978 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo Maura stared well like so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him him him him him him him to well so I mean uh you know you know work when the car was was was was was was was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door flung open okay okay like like like like like like like so like well Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across across across across across across across the Narrow Street. He shouted um like well like so like let me go go go go go go go. What do what do what do what do what do what do what do do do do do do do you want from me? But his but his but his but his but his his his his his his his but his but his captors didn't reply I mean you know um like like like like like like like okay you know. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off off off off off off off uh like uh okay uh I mean. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white white white white white white white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um so him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh I mean like like the body lacks. We got a special special special special special special special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, alright, okay uh uh okay you know know know know know know know I mean we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just just just just just just just she just she just she just she just she just she just ate shaking like like like like like like like uh you know so I mean so so a vegetable, but she liked her her her her her her her applesauce. Let them let them let them let them let them let them let them them them them them them them know but All right, you you know um okay you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked about today today today today today today today today you know like um okay okay you know is a good one today today today today today today today. Just not back when I'm gonna say yeah, we're so okay well okay well well well well well well well um not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen listen listen listen listen listen listen. Congratulations on um um um you know I mean I mean qualifying for your your your your your your your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, right. War well well well well well well well um so uh you know well really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you you you you you you you Cycles kind of been so so I mean well uh so different but really thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do you take um um so so so so so so so like like like time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, if now, if now, if now, if now, if now, if now, if I I I I I I I mean um I mean okay I mean like you've been following following following following following following following us over the past couple of episodes you would have so well well I I I I I I I mean um um noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle now, we've already had dr uh so okay like uh like. Chuck Matias. He He He He He He He talked he talked he talked he talked he talked he talked he talked to us us us us us us us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler you know well like so well I I I I I I I mean join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of of of of of of of I mean uh so um um you know continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and well um um you know well um she she she she she she she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us I I I I I I I mean you know like well well I mean as a gift as we engage engage engage engage engage engage engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana like well uh like I I I I I I I mean okay for joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you're you're you're you're you're you're you're a loving wife and uh um like you know so you know you've been been been been been been been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent hours and and and and and and and hours um you know well like uh well and hours cultivating the gift of hunger hunger hunger hunger hunger hunger hunger. So you're going to kind of just okay well okay like um uh unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of of of of of of of pediatric um so well you know like you know elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on on on on on on on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in well I mean okay I mean you you you you you you you know well older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and and and and and and and can be associated well um um like well I mean with other elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment uh um um um um um um um you know okay uh I mean is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the the the the the the the medial epicondyle has so I mean so um okay uh an serrated fragment in in in in in in in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know so three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The The The The The The The male to female ratio so uh uh I mean so I mean is 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year uh so so so so so so so you know you know like um olds. And these are very rare in younger children less than than than than than than than three years old the like okay okay okay well so mechanism of a pediatric elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched okay okay uh well so so so so so so so so hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today uh uh uh uh uh uh uh today uh today uh today uh today uh today uh today uh you you you you you you you know uh so uh um we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of of of of of of of all, I'd like to like so um um okay well introduce myself to those those those those those those those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board um so um like like like certified certified certified certified certified certified certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about you you you you you you you know okay okay um you know so 40 50 patients a day and the the the the the the the office I'll still go to the hospital and so so I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh usually have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical critical critical critical critical critical critical heal you know I mean okay I mean so like patients. So literally so so so so so so so literally so literally so literally so literally so literally so literally my patients have been very worried worried worried worried worried worried worried about the core virus and to okay um uh you know okay so be be be be be be be honest who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is you you you you you you you know uh like uh like you know the easiest way to make a podcast. It is is is is is is is a platform that speaking of which uses uh okay you know you know well I I I I I I I mean and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to record and uh you know you know like uh okay edit your podcast right from from from from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your I mean um I mean so you you you you you you you know uh podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many uh okay like so uh like more Or you can make money from your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership, and you know I mean uh like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free like like like like like like like well well okay so you know anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask Ask well uh um uh um okay Ashley. I don't know. Are we are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we even going to come come come come come come come up with a name for you know well okay like you know well this? this this this this this this We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and well so um um um um um um um uh you know um additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this this this this this this this so this so this so this so this so this so this is something something something something something something something that I mean you know like okay um um is interesting for you. Let me talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to you about my favorite platform like like you know okay so well for for for for for for for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free okay you you you you you you you know uh okay uh you know. There are there are there are there are are are are are are are there are there are there are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your you know uh you know I mean okay okay phone. Or Or Or Or Or Or Or your computer. The first the first the first the first the first the first first first first first first first the first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my phone and well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um like you know uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon anchor distributes the podcast for um so well okay okay so you. So So So So So So So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this point. So I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I mean uh you know know know know know know know so so like you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of you you you you you you you know you know I mean uh so like challenges a lot of obstacles and and and and and and and these were the business Mentor comes in with um so okay okay so like enough enough enough enough enough enough enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as so so so so so so so like well okay you know okay I go along you're joining the words Brendan building building building building building building building your brand. Which virtual met okay so you know so like you know know know know know know know the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, so well um well okay I mean when I began my podcast, I've been searching for for for for for for for so long. What kind of host how to okay so like well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay do it engine. Oh when oh when oh when oh when oh when oh when oh oh oh oh oh oh oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me you know know know know know know know okay I mean you know so I mean today the lovely Kathleen child's and and and and and and and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is she is she is she she she she she she she is she is she is she is uh so like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted so uh so well I mean I mean to bring her in today because I I I I I I I am getting so many questions about ways to optimize so I mean you know know know know know know know you know okay uh fueling to lose way to be your best self and and and and and and and frankly. I don't feel qualified well okay um um uh okay to talk to about that that that that that that that but I do think that Kathleen has a wealth of you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh like you know knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure uh well you know I mean I mean well Joy. Thanks for for for for for for for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am a mom like like I I I I I I I mean well I mean you know of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my my my my my my my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love we love we love we we we we we we we love we love we love we love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for pulling that up. Let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's let's let's let's let's let's let's go let's go welcome back to this edition of days and okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh like uh days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my my my my my my my right is called Snodgrass okay you know well well so uh Portobellos across the way way way way way way way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals so so I mean so so so so so so so so so to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, cow, cow, cow, cow, cow, cow, Bloomfield. How's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it well well well well well well well like uh well like I mean going? There? It is and behind me is is is is is is is roommate cow with if you can hear I mean okay you know okay um um um um um um um okay him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then then then then then then then tonight okay you know okay okay so like we welcome on a very very very very very very very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my my my my my my my boo I mean uh I mean um like like my love in the building building building building building building building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's like you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um good? It's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Gina it's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what what what what what what what do you um like uh um well uh do like what U into U into holistic holistic holistic holistic holistic holistic holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I do. I uh I uh I uh I uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I uh I uh I uh like well like um like don't like to limit limit limit limit limit limit limit too much with the words. But um, I kind of do I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know so well okay a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist training herbalists. Mhm you know uh well I mean um you know amongst other things things things things things things things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you um well like like like like like like like well okay um here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like like like like like like like I dont limit myself. I make I make I make I make I make I I I I I I I make I make well um well like okay okay candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually actually actually actually actually actually actually I'm actually I'm actually I'm actually I'm actually I'm actually I'm actually I'm in the the the the the the the process of making medicine to yeah, like um you know um okay you know know know know know know know and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you doing so so so so so so so uh I mean you know um so hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good good good good good good good myself. All right. What do you want to um um so so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay talk about today? We got we got we got we got we got got got got got got got we got we got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat um so um um um um um um um you know I mean well. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac cardiac cardiac cardiac cardiac cardiac cardiac / comeback kids come back. You like you know so okay uh you know know know know know know know know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought thought thought thought thought thought thought we were talking like well like um you know um about a couple of of of of of of of episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic relationship and so uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I think think think think think think think you um so so okay okay okay were to it's like when when when when when when when fully back on board is fully back with well um you know like like like like like like like um well the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not uh well um okay uh uh I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt too many times by these well uh um you know well so guys, but by by by by by by by the end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever so so so so so so so so like uh okay well. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm proud okay I mean you know uh I mean like. I'm not fully back. They've They've They've They've They've They've They've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked me in that that that that that that that Columbus game. Got me back to being you know okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um so so I mean the big burn from the natural disasters podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in so you know like you know so you you you you you you you know a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the the the the the the the way okay okay you know like so like people looked at firefighters and and and and and and and force Congress to increase the budget for the us you know uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean. Forest service forest service forest service forest service forest service forest service forest forest forest forest forest forest forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay okay Spotify. Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic consequences of today's disaster listener um like so okay well like discretion is is is is is is is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August so so so so so so so well um so okay um 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team team team team team team team of young volunteers were clearing you know so okay you know like like brush on on on on on on on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was it was it was it was it was it was it was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, again, again, again, again, again, again, and we uh like like I mean like uh are chatting about finishing a painting painting painting painting painting painting painting last week. We talked about getting started the um uh okay I mean so so so so so so so okay painting that I talked about last week. I have I have I have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have finished and now I'm you know know know know know know know um okay well um I mean sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas that I use in my own Studio practice so like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and and and and and and and finishing this podcast uh well um like like okay is brought to to to to to to to you by my online class layer by layer where you will see um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so you know like Me paint a large abstract painting from start to to to to to to to finish. So if so if so if so if so if so if so so so so so so so if you'd like to see that like like like well um like process head on on on on on on on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes click on layer by layer uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well you know I mean so and don't forget to use the coupon code code code code code code code. The coupon is 20 in Feb 2 so I mean I mean you know know know know know know know you know okay 0 infe be and you will save 20% on that class class class class class class class up to the so um like um I mean I mean 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets like like like like like like like so like like uh you know. Whether this is your first time tuning in or or or or or or or you're returning guest. Thank uh um okay like so okay you so much much much much much much much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in uh um uh okay well well well well well well well uh the studio joining me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for joining well okay well well well well well well well so so like us today. Cody. Remember, excuse me. If you're new here, you you you you you you you may be wondering exactly uh uh like okay like I mean what lifted logic logic logic logic logic logic logic is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline we outline we we we we we we we outline we outline we outline we outline we outline all uh you know well well well well well well well like uh like things. Faucets related we talked to folks from the staff here. We do do do do do do do industry Trends um well um so okay like or events. So yeah, so yeah, so so so so so so so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, we just kind of of of of of of of cover it all remember if you um um um so you know uh need Wheels Wheels Wheels Wheels Wheels Wheels Wheels tires suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head so I I I I I I I mean well okay you know okay on over to you can find us at custom custom custom custom custom custom custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a well so well okay uh um new giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with like like like like like like like like I mean you know um okay Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean well um okay an angel man has been a fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking week, huh? It's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been been been been been been been a fucking um well well you know um uh week yesterday was it was sick sick sick sick sick sick sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile you know I mean so okay so so so so so so so you know we got with us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up up up up up up up introduce yourself then? so like okay so so uh Now but yeah, that's kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of cool at the CBR house who wants um uh so um uh okay cavity was on on on on on on on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um I mean didn't if you didn't lose brain cells last last last last last last last night happy to you, right well okay so I mean well I mean cause cause cause cause cause cause cause like that sure was it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't okay you you you you you you you know uh uh uh so I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
You have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have you have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me um uh you know so so uh explain. It's a proof. There There There There There There There are there are there are there are there are there are there are certain certain certain certain certain certain certain tools that allow you to record and edit your like well so like um like like like like like like like podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for you you know um I mean you know I mean so. So it can be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay I mean you know from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make you know well um I mean you know um a a a a a a a podcast in one place. I want I want I want I want I want I want want want want want want want I want to ask you a question. Are you are you are you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you I mean like well like so so so so so so so I mean living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all um um um um um um um I mean well uh okay I mean have that picture in our mind not that life life life life life life life. You want to live my question uh well like you know so okay to to to to to to to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would I mean well I I I I I I I mean so so you know say no. Well why well why well why well well well well well well well why well why well why well why the answers are often somewhere close to to to to to to to it seems impossible uh I mean well um um well. It's too too too too too too too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so so um uh have it in me. I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
You're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go well well um um um um um um um um I mean you know Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon once upon once upon once upon once upon upon upon upon upon upon upon once upon once upon uh I mean well well well like a time in Taipei. There There There There There There There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had he had he had he had had had had had had had he had he had he had received I mean uh uh well you know know know know know know know uh an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket ticket ticket ticket ticket ticket ticket but well uh like I mean you know like due to the peak season season season season season season season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a as a as a as as as as as as as a as a as a as a um like uh uh uh like frequent flyer flyer flyer flyer flyer flyer flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for um I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh um him. On the day of his flight Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
Hey Molly, hey Molly, hey Molly, hey Molly, hey Molly, hey Molly, hey Molly, Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the so okay you know know know know know know know so um so art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see see see see see see see a change in okay I mean okay okay um so our industry who are ready to stand stand stand stand stand stand stand together to fight Society standards and become part um uh like okay like uh of of of of of of of a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact impact impact impact impact impact impact on this so like like so you know uh world. Are you are you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you are you up for the challenge now? Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get into the the the the the the the show. I'm uh well like um like I mean here today with a special guest a a a a a a a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've well, I've well, I've well, I've I've I've I've I've I've I've well, I've well, I've well, I've never okay uh I mean you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name name name name name name name right? You um I mean so you know uh uh did. Whoo. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's so um well well well well well well well well um okay start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my my my my my my my business name is starboard well like um uh like well editing and I do do do do do do do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our you you you you you you you know you know um so you know I mean leadership series for 2020 for international women's women's women's women's women's women's women's day as part of this series. We've sat down um I mean uh you know well well well well well well well I mean with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and and and and and and and what like I mean so you know uh well makes them tick additionally. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international uh well okay well I I I I I I I mean uh women's day. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope we hope we hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's today's today's today's today's today's today's so you know so okay uh um episode. We sit we sit we sit sit sit sit sit sit sit we sit we sit we sit we sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson okay like um so okay I mean group Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of um well you know know know know know know know like so okay them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege privilege privilege privilege privilege privilege privilege of working with Jackie um well uh well um like at Chandler MacLeod. We hope hope hope hope hope hope hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope you enjoy the episode episode episode episode episode episode episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV like like like like like like like so I mean so so you know talk now. It was the buzz guys guys guys guys guys guys guys 90-day newsweekly. I so I so I so I so I so I so I so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited new video new gossip so I mean like uh like so. I cannot wait to to to to to to to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show. We well we we we we we we we well we well we well we well we well we well um like like like like like like like like I mean I mean have so much new to get through so much gossip gossip gossip gossip gossip gossip gossip II just they stayed you know uh um you know like like with with with with with with with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate immediate so well um you know you know um left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys guys guys guys guys guys guys and Daddy love having you you know I mean I mean uh like like like like like like like well here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's start with AB pulp I mean well so I mean you know so. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, let's well, let's well, let's well, let's well, let's well, let's well, let's do do do do do do do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of first of first of first of first first first first first first first of first of first of all well so um well like I mean for Paul's mom mom mom mom mom mom mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so I mean so like like like like like like like okay you know time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your your your your your your your host other day, like you know I mean so I mean uh bro, a meddling meddling meddling meddling meddling meddling meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of any so well well well well well well well um um I mean well number two. And before we get going we want to to to to to to to give a big shout-out to so you know well okay uh I mean our great friends friends friends friends friends friends friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier enhance quality um um okay so so so so so so so uh uh catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to to to to to to to their website I mean um like well like okay www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will will will will will will will find an array of great training gloves anywhere okay so well uh well you know from from from from from from from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the glove that um um um um um um um you know okay okay well okay was designed by our very own Chris news news news news news news news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to to to to to to to our weekly CPD podcast um you know okay okay so okay full of advice advice advice advice advice advice advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your a PC or a uh like um um um um um um um okay you know so sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to to to to to to to fulfill your annual CPD hours okay so I mean uh so uh. If you're already already already already already already already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog. We take a look you know uh um um um um um um um um well I mean. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you and your your your your your your your EPC we've you know well so um you know okay been asked about this this this this this this this many times. So we now have official clarification from our ICS you know well I I I I I I I mean well so well on the issue for you firstly. What is the six-year rule rule rule rule rule rule rule in the Ric sap see well like so uh you know I mean candid get date date date date date date date guide. It states it states it states it states it states it states states states states states states states it states that when you enroll as a candidate you okay I mean so so so so so so so you know well um are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. ICS. You have you have you have you have you have you have you have six years from your date of.
This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of of of of of of of the time okay okay I mean well I mean well we do not acknowledge the the the the the the the presence of energy. In and around us. In so like okay so so so so so so so so I mean fact, even this physical body which appears to be in physical form form form form form form form is essentially you know so you know you know you know I mean energy because because because because because because because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and and and and and and and tighten cells okay like so like like like into Small little Adam and Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam in two electrons. What are they? They I mean so so I mean uh you you you you you you you know are Energies. They are a form of energy your body is in in in in in in in energy. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions your emotions your emotions your emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions your emotions your emotions your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is this is this is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is your host Victoria Philippi. The I I I I I I I mean I mean okay well okay uh run for PRS podcast was created to give give give give give give give away the secrets to transform your training to well um okay I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the questions that that that that that that that I mean um um like um okay you've been dying to know the answers answers answers answers answers answers answers to we will get the inside scoop on um okay uh well well well what really really really really really really really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you so um so so so so so so so uh uh uh ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get get get get get get get so fast you know um um so uh okay well, This podcast is for you you you you you you you. We are going to do a deep dive to okay okay so well well well well well well well well so reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain endurance endurance endurance endurance endurance endurance endurance um well like well okay I mean running is an aerobic sport any athlete who who who who who who who has a previous background in okay well I mean so um um a robic sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean okay so base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some I I I I I I I mean you know well so like like have been through multiple exits others. This is is is is is is is a first-time kind of thing, but I mean uh like uh uh okay they they they they they they they all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in in in in in in in you know uh you know uh I mean um sports or Esports. They They They They They They They know they have a solution for that and they well okay I mean well well well well well well well I mean um know that there are people willing to pay for that pain pain pain pain pain pain pain to go away I mean I mean so so well so. You're listening to to to to to to to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's so like well well well well well well well well like uh right. You listen to sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great great great great great great great to uh like like like well okay have you joining us. Once again, we've got got got got got got got a really insightful and interesting discussion today I mean like so okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia is you know okay like um I mean well a global Sports Innovation Hub, including including including including including including including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports you know okay you you you you you you you know okay uh well and Esports. They've had they've had they've had they've had they've they've they've they've they've they've they've had they've had they've had over 40 cohort company since it launched in in in in in in in 2015, including like um like so like like five successful exits, and I was was was was was was was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to Hell I am with a a a a a a a Lisa Kelly. Welcome well welcome well welcome well welcome well welcome well welcome well well well well well well well welcome well well um well so I mean. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell Hell Hell Hell Hell Hell Hell. She's a columnist a host and author so you know I mean well well well well well well well okay like but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident resident resident resident resident resident resident astrologer okay so okay um like um of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written she's written she's she's she's she's she's she's she's written she's written she's written she's written she's written two books working working working working working working working on a third. She's basically she's basically she's basically she's basically she's basically she's basically basically basically basically basically basically basically she's basically like so so well so you know um the hottest Astro bitch and and and and and and and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you okay um I mean so so so so so so so I mean like guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope dope dope dope dope dope dope lady fire you can okay well like um okay I mean ever have so so so so so so so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was on on on on on on on so um uh like you know you know she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm looking through website. She just gave me um uh um well well um one one one one one one one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night you you you you you you you know you know so um okay you know toothbrushing show start brushing on on on on on on on the top of your mouth on one side and brush so like like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines week and okay so I mean I mean so so tonight's heroic woman woman woman woman woman woman woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard whose hard whose hard whose hard whose hard hard hard hard hard hard hard whose hard whose hard work helped black I mean like um okay well well women all over over over over over over over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ um well okay so like like like like like like like um Walker, she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 1867 1867 1867 1867 1867 1867 in Louisiana okay uh well okay so um. Sarah had sarah had sarah had sarah had had had had had had had sarah had sarah had sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed feed feed feed feed feed feed herself and her daughter Laila I mean like uh uh well I mean. So So So So So So So Sarah so Sarah so Sarah so Sarah so Sarah so Sarah so Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson today like you know like you know so um. We talked with dr. Ebony Ebony Ebony Ebony Ebony Ebony Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve so well uh um um um um um um um so so a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's let's let's let's let's let's let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's do um I mean okay well I mean like it. So So So So So So So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many years. Now like like like like like like like um well well you know I mean. Did that spark appear very early on on on on on on on in your life or did it come a um like like you know know know know know know know like okay bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it was obsessed uh okay well um okay okay with I was obsessed with with with with with with with poor with animals in general and yeah sat on my okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um you know first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all are you know so you know um like well growing in your your your your your your your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, uh so um uh so so so so so so so like so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash smash smash smash smash smash smash the you know um uh uh like um Subscribe button. If you loved us then then then then then then then that would be so sweet of you. If you if you if you if you you you you you you you if you if you if you okay um okay I mean okay um could smash smash smash smash smash smash smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets the the the the the the the well okay well well well well message out to more people with the way the algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm works. Anyways now, let me like okay so uh like like introduce my lovely co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, and so um like like like like like like like well uh uh you'll work on this entry. We need to do something about about about about about about about that, right? Yeah. Yeah you know okay well well I mean so. Yeah. Y'all are are are are are are are probably the power just like I'm a skip to 20 uh I mean well well well well well well well well well like seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are we are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are still on our you you you you you you you know so I mean like like like demonic Church teaching series and we have covered covered covered covered covered covered covered quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard of of of of of of of okay so okay you know I mean okay it definitely easy way to make make make make make make make a podcast because one it's free and there's okay well like uh you know um um um um um um um a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh uh like well from your phone and computer and anchor is just just just just just just just all around hassle-free. And once you I mean well you know uh so so so so so so so well make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can can can can can can can make easy um uh well okay so I mean money by uploading your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast here and just sharing your Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, okay well well um you you you you you you you know I mean it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells and this this this this this this this podcast will okay like like um like uh be focusing on how to navigate an Excel Excel Excel Excel Excel Excel Excel as a minority in Academia, you know you know like so um okay but but but but but but but more specifically students in physics because we know that there are many well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like uh I mean biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um so host Brandon. And today and today and today and and and and and and and today and today and today and today we're going to do sort of an an an an an an an intro for so um um okay uh uh the podcast in which I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll basically kind of run through what the shows like like so um so you know know know know know know know actually going to be about for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is is is is is is is talk um uh you know uh uh you know a little bit about our community. And And And And And And And yeah, it's kind of go through the well so well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean basics before we get any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not so so so so so so so so so um I mean okay necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its its its its its its its management for their more the views well uh like um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan well well well well well well well I mean you know like uh like former A&R at Warner Music all around great great great great great great great guy Avid baseball fan and he okay um you know so well well well well well well well you know gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid solid solid solid solid solid solid so like I mean well like uh tips and tricks, you know for artists that that that that that that that are just starting out and how they can okay okay okay okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career how how how how how how how they you know you know you know so well well can start to, you you you you you you you know, reach out to you know, bigger and ours and okay uh okay well well well well well well well okay um work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this this this this this this this like um okay uh I mean so is a great one so strap in in in in in in in and enjoy the show if you guys are like you know uh so so so so so so so you know uh looking for more information on how Studio talk can can can can can can can help you out. Check us check us check us check us check us check check check check check check check us check us out well so okay uh you know well at Studio talking dotco. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R at you know so I I I I I I I mean okay okay um Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development development development development development development development company. Yo peep yo peep yo peep yo peep yo peep yo yo yo yo yo yo yo peep yo peep this like uh like so okay you know So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network like like like like like like like I mean like well so like. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a a a a a a a great show in store for you today well um you know okay uh so so so so so so so. Today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk like uh well well I I I I I I I mean so about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest guest guest guest guest guest guest with me a first-hand animator um okay I mean well you know you know know know know know know know and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody uh I mean um like so like look guys Andrew and me had had had had had had had been talking about how we could get you know well like I mean okay you you you you you you you know him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and and and and and and and me uh you know like so uh okay and Andrew always talk about animated animated animated animated animated animated animated films. So we thought this would be you know, you know um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like the perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and and and and and and and to um uh I mean well well uh get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick five you know okay you know you know well um minutes talk on experience and shortcuts shortcuts shortcuts shortcuts shortcuts shortcuts shortcuts those of you who have been listening to I mean well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so me for a while have been following me on the internet out there there there there there there there in um so okay uh I mean okay the social media Universe talked about about about about about about about this quite a bit the concept of experience you know like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not not not not not not not skipping a well I mean like I mean um okay step not skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If you um you know you know I I I I I I I mean you know like plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening sharpening sharpening sharpening sharpening sharpening sharpening your skills as a nurse okay okay like I mean like um you you you you you you you need experience. There is there is there is there is there is there is is is is is is is there is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
What is up? What is what is what is what is what is what what what what what what what is what is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score last last last last last last last night okay so well um you know I mean. No, I'm not talking about the the the the the the the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just a waste you know so um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher I I I I I I I mean like okay I mean I mean uh spot. What does it matter? We're not not not not not not not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not going to get get get get get get get the first but anyway, it's a so like um I mean I mean like lottery best best best best best best best will gods have turned their back on us besides the point you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh I mean besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update update update update update update update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA like I mean uh uh okay like 10. I had had had had had had had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred um uh you know you know know know know know know know um like and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I I I I I I I had this card uh um you know okay like you know for $125 for the the the the the the the longest time and I took it off because I was afraid uh well so so so so so so so I mean so um that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well I mean uh uh uh well. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd if you'd if you'd if you'd if you'd if you'd if you'd like to to to to to to to support us more. Please head over so uh uh um okay like to our our our our our our our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some you you you you you you you know you know uh um well I mean pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a a a a a a a couple up or even go to our patreon so uh so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay page and see what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing you um like like you know um um awesome content just as much As you you you you you you you like listening to it enjoy the show uh I mean so I mean like um. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. I'm so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in in in in in in in the so I mean you know like like uh woods with DDS a thank you you you you you you you guys so much for tuning in and we okay okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, thank you so like uh um like uh uh much for tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the like well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so woods with EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better at at at at at at at so uh so so uh um each one of these that we do we also also also also also also also plan to have a lot of um um so like uh so different different different different different different different different guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different okay you you you you you you you know you know you know you know uh co-hosts that are going to be be be be be be be going to be helping out and joining us you know uh uh um so um the the the the the the the first of which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix colin Hendrix colin colin colin colin colin colin colin Hendrix colin Hendrix colin Hendrix colin Hendrix colin Hendrix man, how are uh um you you you you you you you know like uh so you? What was what was what was what was what was was was was was was was what was what was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy happy happy happy happy happy happy he's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just here here here here here here here well I mean okay um I mean like to let you guys know that anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the best way to make a so okay so um okay like like like like like like like podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way way way way way way way to like I mean I mean uh like you know make a podcast. It gives gives gives gives gives gives gives it gives it gives it gives it gives it gives it gives you everything you you you you you you you need in one place for free, which okay well I mean so I I I I I I I mean well you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you you you you you you you you know okay you know okay uh uh to record and edit your podcast. So it it it it it it it sounds even better. They'll distribute your uh well okay well you know so podcast for you you you you you you you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh and many more you can easily make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum uh well I mean you know well so listenership. That's right right right right right right right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup you know know know know know know know I mean well okay I mean uh. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing so so so so so so so um um um you know uh probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady Brady Brady Brady Brady Brady Brady tom Brady tom Brady tom Brady tom Brady tom Brady tom Brady greatest of all all all all all all all time I mean so so uh well you know Now if you ask me Patriots Patriots Patriots Patriots Patriots Patriots Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that um I mean you know like well well well well well well well uh he's staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You You You You You You You like you like you like you like you like you like you like like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know staying put it just doesn't make sense for me me me me me me me for? Somebody like him somebody okay well okay well like um that that that that that that that has been in the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with so um um um um um um um so like well you know one team just doesn't make sense for me to it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just doesn't make sense okay um like well you know uh to me. So So So So So So So it so it so it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it doesn't make sense to me for this man the go out so um you you you you you you you know you know like uh and play for another team at 43 years old after after after after after after after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to to to to to to to get well um you know you know um I mean you going. All you all all all all all all all you all you all you all you all you all you have to do is is is is is is is go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay so okay well get started and you know what? It's totally free just just just just just just just download the free anchor I mean uh like well like so app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your your your your your your your uh okay I mean okay so like own podcast. You can you can you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can have fun. You can talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about whatever you want to talk well uh like uh like so about on on on on on on on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so uh make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free free free free free free free. Once again, go okay I mean well you know you know um to the the the the the the the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in well like um um um um um um um uh I mean uh you on your way. He's not going back again. Another Another Another Another Another Another Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about like uh okay you know well I mean anchor its easiest way to make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation you know well so well okay uh tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I I I I I I I mean so like you know like you know computer anchor will distribute our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it could be heard on you know like you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your your your your your your your podcast with I mean like you know uh I mean so no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So you know like well well well well well well well uh um um download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to to to to to to to get started um okay I mean um uh um. Well, howdy there internet people people people people people people people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to talk about a meme and like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well you know it's not just a meme in the sense of an image. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's an I mean so uh like I mean um idea that people have and and and and and and and we're going to look into it understand that nothing um you know so um uh I I I I I I I mean. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state state state state state state state economy. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is just me trying to get to.
Inside the inside the inside the inside the inside the inside the inside the the the the the the the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam Kaplan Adam um like like um um um um um um um like so. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't can't can't can't can't can't can't get enough free well so I mean uh uh so agency. I mean Harold, Harold, Harold, Harold, Harold, Harold, Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like like uh you know I I I I I I I mean you know you know we should really take one second here to thank thank thank thank thank thank thank everybody. Because we had so okay well uh I mean um a record-setting podcast when when when when when when when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis um okay okay well well well well well well well you know I mean. We did our free agency preview from there and then then then then then then then it just exploded. So obviously uh um I mean like okay well we both both both both both both both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones Jones scoop I mean well like well uh um. So we're really happy that we we we we we we we got great feedback on it and that people okay you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but but but but but but but it's okay you know um uh um okay confusing because we release the last last last last last last last two episodes out of order. When one one three two okay you know know know know know know know I mean so okay okay. Oh, how will how will they trust how how how how how how how will our fans? How are we um I mean you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that that that that that that that all hate mail so like well like so you know to at Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday. No, you no, you no, you no, you no, you no, you no, you have have have have have have have to it's more of like an avant-garde movie you know well you know so so so so so so so okay okay where they Least like where it's like they don't show you you you you you you you the current timeline like Witcher you know um okay um you know uh. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of order. I'm like well um um um um um um um so well so playing would you right now? It's ruining it's ruining it's ruining ruining ruining ruining ruining ruining ruining it's ruining it's ruining it's ruining it's ruining my life. It is it is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is ruining your life. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like um um um um um um um well I mean um uh you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you you you you you you you do. Wait. So what are uh um uh um okay like your biggest Skyrim breath breath breath breath breath breath breath of the wild and now which are you like medieval um so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns guns guns guns guns guns guns well so so so you know so big fan of shooter games? games games games games games games I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little like like like like like like like so well uh uh well idea how we do it here at paddle paddle paddle paddle paddle paddle paddle and fin podcast. We use the like well I mean so okay you know know know know know know know anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's I mean I mean you know well okay um creation tools to allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or um like so so so so so so so uh um you know a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free free free free free free free anchor app uh okay okay well uh I mean to get started. This segment segment segment segment segment segment segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when um um okay um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo promo promo promo promo promo promo code so you know I mean you know so well. Pmf 20 and save save save save save save save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um you know raised a bear and lower the tone tone tone tone tone tone tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are uh like okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you you you you you you you and uh um so uh so okay ask where we are going. You don't don't don't don't don't don't don't need green arrows and that's a good thing uh okay I mean well so so so so so so so so because you're not going to get them here at least not in this episode um um um um um um um well I mean so I mean okay kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw saw saw saw saw saw saw several Blast from the Past tear okay you know um so okay uh up up up up up up up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s 80s film 80s film 80s film 80s film 80s film 80s film um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so okay references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Macos Macos Macos Macos Macos Macos Alonso brace which you know you know okay okay well well Drew assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he well well well well well well well well well so you know okay could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And And And And And And And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to haken haken haken haken haken haken haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing like so well well well well well well well um uh so episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest newest newest newest newest newest newest patreon patrons today um uh you know um I mean like Sergio and I are are are are are are are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk about all well well you know know know know know know know uh well um the new information. We learned we learned we learned we learned learned learned learned learned learned learned we learned we learned we learned from PAX East and there will be a I I I I I I I mean well okay um um like very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her her her her her her her experience playing Animal Crossing New well well you know okay I mean well Horizons Horizons Horizons Horizons Horizons Horizons Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello uh like like like like like like like uh you know well okay. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really really really really really really really productive week. But well uh well you know so so in terms of Animal Crossing, Crossing, Crossing, Crossing, Crossing, Crossing, Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled uh I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean with a lot of news and then I also got some amiibo amiibo amiibo amiibo amiibo amiibo amiibo cards. I mean uh well okay like um I mean putting those in the the the the the the the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say say say say say say say uh okay uh so you know I mean thank you a very very big big big big big big big thank you for tuning in today. I am going um well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a a a a a a a topic that's very close to well I mean okay uh you know um my my my my my my my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you so you you you you you you you know um you know you know like know my needed to you know, sort of of of of of of of address the elephant in the room so so I mean so I mean I I I I I I I mean. Finally. Obviously a obviously a obviously a obviously a obviously a obviously a a a a a a a obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your I'm your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Luke I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um so you know so Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off off off off off off off. I just want to say thank uh um I mean you know well you you you you you you you know you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on you you you you you you you know uh you know so I mean I mean Instagram following and just giving giving giving giving giving giving giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So thank so thank so thank thank thank thank thank thank thank so thank so thank so thank so thank you um uh uh um like so so so so so so so to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League you you you you you you you know okay well you know okay uh action and the repercussions of everything that that that that that that that happened So straight off the bat the well okay um I mean so so so so so so so like biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It um um um um um um um I mean I mean you know well okay was quite a disappointing loss to to to to to to to be honest. The first loss that you go off okay um so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one one one one one one one point so like so like okay so off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media media media media media media media you know like uh um okay like a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering covering covering covering covering covering covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and you know like um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186 186 186 186 186 186 186. I'm finding well um um um um like Porter and as you might have heard heard heard heard heard heard heard last week, we're working on a brand new okay I mean like so so so so so so so so so 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't wait to share share share share share share share okay I mean uh like like um it with you in just a a a a a a a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit okay uh so like okay uh a a a a a a a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most most most most most most most essential okay so so um okay so skills for a marketer to to to to to to to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and I mean you know know know know know know know you know uh like um especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you you you you you you you the tools to write exceptional um um uh well so um copy for even even even even even even even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump let's Jump let's Jump let's Jump let's Jump let's Jump let's Jump Right In.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast a daily devotional you know okay okay I mean I mean like where we dig into into into into into into into God's word and explore what it means to live with okay well um well so so so so so so so okay. Hope in Jesus. Hope that hope that hope that hope that hope that that that that that that that hope that hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in 2nd okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so you know um Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this this this this this this this section in verses 1 through 4 um okay I mean like like like like like like like like so today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that that that that that that that if you know you know um well well well the tent that is our Earthly home home home home home home home is destroyed. We have a building from God you know you know uh well well well well well well well um okay a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent tent tent tent tent tent tent we uh um uh I mean well you know groan longing to put on our our our our our our our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it on we okay okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so may not be found naked for while we are still in in in in in in in this tent you know okay okay you know well like we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to well well well well well well well so uh I mean you know I mean talk to you guys about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the app that I use to uh so uh I mean like okay record record record record record record record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent like I I I I I I I mean I mean so um uh free and it allows you to use tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and okay um I mean well okay like edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as so so so so so so so uh um so like you know well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will will will will will will will then distribute your podcast for well so uh so you know well you so so so so so so so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast so so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like and many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with with with with with with with no uh you know well well I mean I mean minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place download um um well well so well the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I I I I I I I uh okay so okay well I mean start this podcast, I just want to to to to to to to let you guys know if you are um uh well you know uh I I I I I I I mean listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going going going going going going going so so I mean like so um through the left here. I want I want I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want to believe because that's just just just just just just just the way my okay I mean well you know okay you know my whole whole whole whole whole whole whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, so so so so so so so I mean um well well uh we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality quality quality quality quality quality quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms I mean I mean I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here. Thanks like like like like like like like um well uh like okay so much for listening to For the Love Love Love Love Love Love Love of teaching. Please rate please rate please rate please rate please rate please rate please please please please please please please rate and review I mean uh uh like like um us any Apple podcast app app app app app app app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have you so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um um heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has has has has has has has used this you know you know well so um you know source and program program program program program program program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge fan of so so so so so so so I mean you know well okay uh the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings on her Instagram page the um like uh um um okay young educator Ali says this this this this this this this program has been a game-changer for her and her I mean okay um like like like like like like like uh um students. My students came to school on the second day and they were were were were were were were like, when are you know you know I mean like like uh we doing daily daily daily daily daily daily daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so so you know well um um um um um um um uh well I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much much much much much much much for joining well so I mean well well I mean me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
Principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, I've I've I've I've I've I've I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are okay uh like um um um um um um um so I mean you? Not so bad value self never better, but you you you you you you you can make me um I mean you know okay you know well even happier. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a it's a it's a a a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a conflict you know okay okay uh okay well well well well well well well of interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns so so so so so so so I mean uh um like well who do that now. Anyway, I saw saw saw saw saw saw saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis okay okay well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is looking into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but but but but but but but it's gonna like well like I mean okay um take a pretty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well like uh um you're after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't you tell me cow so uh okay uh uh so ate 50 of them them them them them them them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down like okay like you know you know know know know know know know um the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology biology biology biology biology biology biology okay like okay you know okay uh midterm. Just shy of an A+. Look point is is is is is is is the kids a stud a Phenom you know okay uh I mean well like. I'm not not not not not not not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a book book book book book book book so you know like so well so Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog dog dog dog dog dog dog will be a great fit in so you know like um okay okay the halls halls halls halls halls halls halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco so like like like like like like like okay so like you know Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want want want want want want want to share with you guys the Jack so well okay well I mean like Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person person person person person person person with I mean like I mean so um um a beautiful leadership. His leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership was base is all about your team. It's all about the okay uh well well well well well well well you know uh okay people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share share share share share share share with uh I mean well well uh like you guys. The fact that I I I I I I I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say I mean um well so so so so so so so uh well Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all all all all all all all phenomenal and it's all um I mean uh you know like you know about what what what what what what what we have built and where we were going. He's other portion of his you know know know know know know know um um you know okay okay leadership is scouting on profitable part of of of of of of of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture culture culture culture culture culture culture conversation coming well like uh uh so so up today. And for me, I stress stress stress stress stress stress stress it that period in my life you know uh I mean so okay um um um um um um um. I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not not not not not not not stand it okay you know like okay okay like. And so if any teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, okay so I mean like like like like like like like well um oh you should be making more black art. Are you should be be be be be be be making more black looking you know so well uh so you know things things things things things things things. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is you you you you you you you know like so so okay um Doug. Thank you for downloading this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first I mean like uh like um uh in in in in in in in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show show show show show show show in I mean uh okay well uh so New York City myself and and and and and and and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check out one you know um um um um um um um you know um okay so of the hottest art fairs in town. And And And And And And And we managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We sit we sit we sit we sit we sit we sit we sit down with the illustrator painter and.
I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're you're you're you're you're you're you're I mean like okay like I mean um listening to the podcast hot queer mass mass mass mass mass mass mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank like um like okay like like like like like like like okay you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery. If well so like okay I mean um this is your first time listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to the podcast shame on you start from the um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if what if what if if if if if if if what if what if what if what if you don't like to listen to rules rules rules rules rules rules rules well okay so um okay um or obey them you can continue to listen to to to to to to to it, but you should pour I mean okay well well uh well yourself a drink because because because because because because because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record record record record record record record so I mean okay well you know um my podcast episodes. I've been using it it it it it it it for the last several months uh okay uh well like I mean and I I I I I I I absolutely love it. If you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like uh a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you I mean like um like uh well to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor uh well well you know know know know know know know okay so will even distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on on on on on on on On Spotify uh okay I mean I mean well you know Apple podcast and many many many many many many many more you can even make money from your podcast with no you know so like like like like like like like you know I mean um minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. All I mean I mean like I mean like so you you you you you you you have to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know well uh dot f m-- to get started. I I I I I I I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard like I mean so okay so like about anchor what are you doing doing doing doing doing doing doing man? Get your get your get your get your get your get your get your your your your your your your life together, but if you like well well you know um so haven't heard about about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I will elaborate well well well well well well well okay uh I mean you know I mean first of all, it's free can't beat that too too too too too too too. There's creation tools that allow you to so okay like um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer so I I I I I I I mean okay uh so I mean bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that that that that that that that therefore, I'm doing it from my so okay you know well so um phone. In In In In In In In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for okay um um um um um um um uh you know uh like you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many more row many so so okay like like like more dude. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be be be be be be be getting your clout and your coin you can make money okay you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me me me me me me me because I probably so okay um so um well had your listeners right now and and and and and and and it's everything you need to make in a podcast so um uh you know so so so so so so so you know in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your your your your your your your you know so um I mean like um morning and night toothbrushing show start start start start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a like um um well so so so so so so so uh little circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And And And And And And And today's hero is you know like so um so I mean Emily Warren Roebling? Roebling Roebling Roebling Roebling Roebling Roebling Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know I mean a giant bridge in New York City the goes goes goes goes goes goes goes over a big river and it's beautiful uh you know um okay well uh people from from from from from from from all over the world come to New York each year and take pictures of well well well well well well well like so I mean um so it. And one of the main people who helped build build build build build build build that bridge but that you know uh like um I mean you know you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is is is is is is is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh I mean you know John Hopkins database. So right now we have have have have have have have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty you know like okay I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um well uh so States. We have now passed the hundred Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark. We're not at one well uh like you know like I mean. 102 102 102 102 102 102 102 cases 102 cases 102 cases 102 cases 102 cases 102 cases 102 cases cases cases cases cases cases cases confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we uh like like like like like like like you know um um well haven't had any deaths in California. And so there might might might might might might might be something specific look going so um okay you know I mean well on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our our our our our our our like I mean uh okay you know like villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in in in in in in in crime Lord by the end I mean okay I mean um uh like like like like like like like of the 1920s. He was he was he was he was he he he he he he he was he was he was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside outside outside outside outside outside outside like I mean well um like uh the criminal underworld to hear more episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes like this follow villains free on I mean um uh you know like so Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. On the on the on the on the on on on on on on on the on the on the bank of the Hudson River North North North North North North North um uh like okay like like of New York City sits one of the most most most most most most most notorious prisons in America singsing uh uh you know okay you know so in in in in in in in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like like you know many of them were there for Life others for for for for for for for death by that you know like uh okay you know you know time. The electric electric electric electric electric electric electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
Is that a break up break up? I think we have a a a a a a a situation right here um you know okay okay um so. Welcome to The Filling Station a a a a a a a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people so I mean like like you know know know know know know know well would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they um like you you you you you you you know um uh okay learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining but more well um so well you know um importantly meaningful given the lesson behind everything everything everything everything everything everything everything we're going to talk about today. Now you know well uh you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh in this episode. We are outside the great city of London London London London London London London. I'm not going well so like I mean uh so to say exactly where where where where where where where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so I mean like the weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I I I I I I I mean, I know um okay well um okay I mean the storm hit hit hit hit hit hit hit and stuff. People kind people kind people kind people kind people kind people kind people kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of Penny but this is next level. I like I mean well um um um um um um um well you know am not used to this. How'd you guys cope? There's There's There's There's There's There's There's another one coming doesn't just so I mean I mean um I mean you know know know know know know know get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a a a a a a a meeting I mean I mean um uh uh I mean that's been in the making making making making making making making for God knows how long don't you just you know, well okay like okay uh you you you you you you you know we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering we're offering we're offering we're we're we're we're we're we're we're offering we're offering we're offering we're offering our listeners some additional content about so like like like like like like like like uh okay okay the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper into some of the so I mean so so um uh most notorious subjects every every every every every every every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the so okay so you you you you you you you know um you know most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park park park park park park park as Network. We've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've we've we've we've we've we've we've collected short clips from you know um um well so like some of our our our our our our our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, um I mean so so so so so so so I mean um well like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True True True True True True True Crime world uh okay okay well like so really is you can find these these these these these these these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you you know you know know know know know know know like um you know I mean listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we we we we we we we used will be posted in um uh um well I mean um the description today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean so uh Richard and John which is looking at life in a medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval village. Now what now what now what now what now what now what now what what what what what what what uh you know like um okay well needs to be understood about a medieval village, is is is is is is is that obviously in the medieval like like okay uh I mean uh period things were very very very very very very very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England like like like like like like like like I mean I mean uh uh lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and and and and and and and unless you were rich um okay so um um well life was at actually actually actually actually actually actually actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle okay well well well well well well well I mean I mean I mean um to survive and live tended to be very very very very very very very short for so for those people within um uh I mean so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 and and and and and and and if you're lucky uh so uh so uh I mean as high as 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 So a medieval village was all based around one concept and um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay you know um that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of well well well well well well well you know okay you know okay you know Brawn and brains. So this this this this this this this so this so this so this so this so this so this week we have a a a a a a a really interesting guest. His name is Zach well you know well I mean uh I I I I I I I mean so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually actually actually actually actually actually actually knew I mean okay I mean okay uh you know a little bit about Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the you know like I I I I I I I mean you know okay you know Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of of of of of of of IST, which I'm a part of I mean I mean okay uh I I I I I I I mean um said that the The line was actually in our major. So I I I I I I I had I mean um okay you know um I mean a little heads-up who is going going going going going going going to be but not really a lot of so so uh so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean people have had classes Zach and I were new so that was was was was was was was kind of cool so um um okay like like a Penn State. It's kept secret secret secret secret secret secret secret till their senior year who our mascot is and like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um so a few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself. So that's kind I mean well okay uh I mean um of cool. You want you you you you you you you want you want you want you want you want you want to give us a a a a a a a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, I mean you know I mean um um um um um um um well like my name is Zach. So I so I so I so I so so so so so so so I so I so I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having like like like like like like like so uh okay so okay the massively same put you, you know, we're back back back back back back back to say they will well like um you know like you know intro intro intro intro intro intro intro there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um you know like um the toffee Blues. It's all be in America about about about about about about about a cat America and this you know well okay so you know uh week week week week week week week. I'm you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean uh uh you know on to talk about that shortly. It's light light light light light light light its which and big old Mitch and we've I mean I mean um I mean well well well well well well well I mean got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go go go go go go go as we uh uh okay well you know uh always do talking about the game that that that that that that that happened yesterday. You may see I mean um well like well well that I've I've I've I've I've I've I've barely got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay um host and each week. I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be be be be be be be I'll be I'll be I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools tools tools tools tools tools tools you need I mean like uh I mean you know you know to to to to to to to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I I I I I I I want to fill you okay uh you know um you know you know in on on on on on on on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over the the the the the the the like you know you know uh well I mean past year. And that that that that that that that is using this podcast as a platform to share my uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so so message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring bring bring bring bring bring bring new clients like well I mean uh you know so into my space a a a a a a a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your uh well well well well well well well so uh well like heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
Goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he so okay I I I I I I I mean like okay okay talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the the the the the the the bottom of the so you know um okay like I mean mood about to to to to to to to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo Toledo Toledo Toledo Toledo Toledo Toledo uh you know uh uh uh well. And in that case the on these these these these these these these sticks his hand into the house and well like I mean um um so so so so so so so either places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something something something something something something something out of like well so um well okay his open hand and brings it out out out out out out out and then D is high up. Now I uh you know like so so so so so so so well well might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira want want want want want want want to uh uh um okay um I mean come here. I'll give him a call Marble Marble Marble Marble Marble Marble Marble our boss one quick introduction the like okay I mean uh you know you know notion notion notion notion notion notion notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting which which which which which which which means uh okay I mean you know well okay to pick something up from from from from from from from a place of rest then to is traversing which is to okay um um um um um um um um okay so you know either transfer it over a domain boundary or for for for for for for for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, and I'm Joe so so so so so so so well so you know okay so and Welcome to our first podcast recording recording recording recording recording recording recording so exciting. Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, so okay, so so, um, I well okay well okay well I mean just just just just just just just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work um um um um um um um so um well you know um on different type of client So based off of of of of of of of a studio in Westford, and I just okay I mean okay uh um um um um um um um I mean hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more energy energy energy energy energy energy energy like um so like I mean so. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to to to to to to to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this so so so so so so so so like well I mean well podcast comes to be. Remember. I started just on on on on on on on YouTube, but I knew that I I mean well so so I I I I I I I mean okay needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of of of of of of of mine who's a you know so like so you know well podcast producer. How How How How How How How do how do how do how do how do how do how do I do do do do do do do this? And he just told me anchor use like okay uh like I mean you you you you you you you know anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the you you you you you you you know like okay so um you know Internet. It's also free. You can edit edit edit edit edit edit edit record your podcast right from your well you know you know so I mean okay phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or your computer and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that you know know know know know know know you know I mean um um okay podcast for you, so it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many I mean okay you know uh so so so so so so so well more you can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter matter matter matter matter matter matter how small well uh I mean you know like you know you are. You can can can can can can can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um okay a podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so um well um are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This This This This This This This was a very special okay well like well well um episode. I like these these these these these these these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological well I mean I I I I I I I mean I mean so you know career of the competitor or the coach that we we we we we we we interview in this case. We interviewed we interviewed we interviewed we interviewed we interviewed interviewed interviewed interviewed interviewed interviewed interviewed we interviewed we interviewed uh so so you know like well. And since it it it it it it it was the second time we had him on we'd already um well um like like like like like like like um um covered his career. And so I got to talk about a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of uh okay you know I mean um you know things on this this this this this this this show and I had I'd get to hear a lot of Yanni's okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean okay Insight on a lot of different things and we kind of of of of of of of went through a uh like so like um I mean couple topics one was his little little little little little little little brother Greg just want his fifth State title High uh well like uh uh well School School School School School School School in New York. And so we talked a little bit about that and then then then then then then then like I mean well uh you know um Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all at at at at at at at all at all at all at all at all at all my um like well well well well well well well uh uh so mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come come come come come come come into uh so uh I mean um okay my bathroom while I was showering and and and and and and and sit on my toilet and try to like Gap I mean uh okay well you you you you you you you know um with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture picture picture picture picture picture picture of like you know like okay well I mean like boundaries. So my mom mom mom mom mom mom mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at all okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um okay like costs, right and instead I would be be be be be be be like, maybe pick a setting where like, I'm um um okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's there's there's there's there's there's there's like okay well okay uh I mean well a mirror right across from my my my my my my my back to our it was like a glass shower uh like so you know know know know know know know uh um. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so so so so so so so it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? right right right right right right No I mean um like like well so. Yeah. She got like what what what what what what what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught I've caught I've caught I've caught I've I've I've I've I've I've I've caught I've caught I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why Why Why Why Why Why Why don't why don't why don't why don't why don't why don't why don't we just do need to talk?.
Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for um um um um um um um like well okay like okay joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise promise promise promise promise promise promise you okay you know um like okay well it was not planned. I I I I I I I have another friend with me today. She came visiting for my well well well well well well well well okay uh um like health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things things things things things things things in order for well so uh um well I mean the journey ahead and and and and and and and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things uh like like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that that that that that that that says, well like so I mean you know uh you know, you have to collaborate collaborate collaborate collaborate collaborate collaborate collaborate and do all those great things. But there's also the I mean so like well well well well well well well like okay part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but but but but but but but me how far like uh like like um you know now you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow today and you know know know know know know know like uh uh okay um we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter uh like okay um um well found brutally murdered in their home. And as as as as as as as if it couldn't get any worse, no well you know um um I mean like like like like like like like one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious I I I I I I I mean uh you know uh you know okay brick of murders and want to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear more like it check out our series unsolved well well so um so so so so so so so so murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of of of of of of of you know uh uh I mean so well history's most bewildering murders follow follow follow follow follow follow follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts um well okay you you you you you you you know um so. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is is is is is is is advised this like uh well um you know um episode includes dramatizations and discussions of of of of of of of murder and assault including the violent homicide of a young I mean like well like like like like like like like um I mean girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is is is is is is is okay um um I mean well like the podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school school school school school school school leadership podcast brought to you by neht so I mean um um well you know and and and and and and and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh um so whether technology can support learning or if it's simply simply simply simply simply simply simply an enormous distraction. We consider what so so like so okay like like like like like like like the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether whether whether whether whether whether whether or I mean like okay um so you know not mobile devices should be be be be be be be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in like um okay well so okay conversation with with with with with with with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will be so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean uh well well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a she's she's she's she's she's she's she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a former teacher and and and and and and and the author uh um like I mean so like of a number of education-based books books books books books books books days. He's also currently the director of education at so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the the the the the the the you know I mean like uh um you know fucking word genus species. But back back back back back back back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is um so um you know like I I I I I I I mean about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology well well well well well well well like okay well um well and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard heard heard heard heard heard heard. I'm your host John Doe uh well uh um like you know D. Thanks for listening listening listening listening listening listening listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um uh like like time this week. We're on we're on we're on we're we're we're we're we're we're we're on we're on we're on we're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News News News News News News News I mean okay I mean um I mean okay Daily. We haven't we haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't gotten to see see see see see see see much of Stephanie on the new uh so you know I mean well well well well well well well I mean season of a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a a a a a a a plastic you know um well you know I mean like anemia that her girlfriend from the the the the the the the show lives in Australia and that her family is uh like I mean uh I I I I I I I mean uh unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about about about about about about about Stephanie though um so okay so like okay is that she sells naked photos of herself herself herself herself herself herself herself online. That's right. Stephanie has stephanie has stephanie has stephanie has stephanie has stephanie has has has has has has has stephanie has a okay like you know well uh so patron where she she she she she she she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like uh have found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay lay lay lay lay lay lay everything out okay I mean so I mean you know I mean. Out she she she she she she she out she out she out she out she out she out she states that she she she she she she she is not ashamed of this content and that having the like you know okay you you you you you you you know like like patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and and and and and and and it's you know so you know uh um you know also helped her income income income income income income income in general. She ends she ends she ends she ends she ends she ends ends ends ends ends ends ends she ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate uh so I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything everything everything everything everything everything everything. I'm like um so uh um you know allowed to love whoever I want. I I I I I I I am not definable good for you girl. A you know well uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and and and and and and and her so you know I mean like so um patreon is 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 plus. So not so not so not so not so not so not so not not not not not not not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
Keep a keep a keep a keep a keep a keep a keep a good good good good good good good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that guy you you you you you you you know you know I mean I mean well I mean next to him? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to topics topics topics topics topics topics topics of Interest with Nick and Mark. I am uh okay you know so you you you you you you you know okay your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And And And And And And And today we have like like um you know so so a very special special special special special special special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah. Let's get it uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like uh like. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd how'd how'd how'd how'd how'd how'd you guys meet we met like uh I mean you know uh um sophomore year year year year year year year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we so we so we so we so we we we we we we we so we so we I barely showed the chemistry but so like like okay um um um um um um um well marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there be be be be be be be but you know you know like um well so it was there. We took took took took took took took the we just say major so we had all um okay well like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the same classes together and decide to sit by each other and this is Back I I I I I I I mean uh you know I mean well well when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a um I I I I I I I mean uh okay you know I mean tree planter art for this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part so okay okay you know know know know know know know um okay of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about about about about about about about tree planting uh I mean you know so well like as a reforestation practice in the the the the the the the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective well um um so so okay of of of of of of of people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest well um um um um um um um uh okay like so. However tree planting is so much more than the physical physical physical physical physical physical physical act of planting so uh like like um I mean thousands of seedlings seedlings seedlings seedlings seedlings seedlings seedlings in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about you know I I I I I I I mean uh you know so well the connections experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime lifetime lifetime lifetime lifetime lifetime lifetime. The dirt is like like I mean so you know like a place to shed shed shed shed shed shed shed light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who uh like um um um um um um um like so okay have stuck with shovel in the ground. It is meant meant meant meant meant meant meant to dive deep into all I mean uh uh well um um things tree tree tree tree tree tree tree planting as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So uh you know know know know know know know I mean uh I mean I mean wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the the the the the the the so well um like like um podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what what what what what what what products you should not drop okay uh so like you know okay ship now now now now now now now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay well okay build a new store or launch a new product line. There There There There There There There are three different levels um I mean I mean I mean so well of where you you you you you you you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, okay okay um um um um um um um uh like like the first level is the niche level. That's the that's the that's the the the the the the the that's the that's the that's the that's the highest one, right? What type well you you you you you you you know um like well so of products do you want to sell and after you you you you you you you lock? Didn't you want uh you know okay I mean you know I mean to move move move move move move move to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones ones ones ones ones ones ones uh uh well well okay so. You actually want to work with if you you you you you you you want to make money doing this I mean I mean uh like um um um um um um um um and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well well you know uh okay okay going to share with you in this this this this this this this podcast is what to look for at all you know okay so so um um um um um um um um three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to to to to to to to build one like you know uh okay like you know of these stores stores stores stores stores stores stores and actually build a real business now before we get okay um like like well well well well well well well so into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so for you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based Based Based Based Based Based Based training guaranteed to I mean well well you know you know okay produce produce produce produce produce produce produce results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven you you you you you you you know well I mean um like I mean to burn more calories post-workout Track Track Track Track Track Track Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in um um okay like like like like like like like um I mean real time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make make make make make make make sure you okay I mean well okay so you know don't overtrain or under train. So So So So So So So what are you currently doing to get more okay like so so okay um life out out out out out out out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um like like with. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here with Coach Zach well uh okay so okay uh coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages passages passages passages passages passages passages uh you know like okay like like to help you fall asleep. You know, I I I I I I I started this podcast because I've had okay like like you know you know well well well well well well well trouble falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the the the the the the the word well okay um well I mean like of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace peace peace peace peace peace peace and fully rest And so okay okay I mean so well like as you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be so well so well well well well well well well you know like an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to to to to to to to fully rest. Go ahead. And get and get and get and get and get and get and get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this this this this this this this. Hey, you um uh like like so so want to know why my brain brain brain brain brain brain brain doesn't work, right if you text K out there, how so okay you know you you you you you you you know okay um dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it it it it it it it on fire like like so okay well so watch it there and we're reclaiming reclaiming reclaiming reclaiming reclaiming reclaiming reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was like I mean so like um I mean well well well well well well well braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list given on on on on on on on well um um uh you know okay the bird. I love I love I I I I I I I love I love I love I love I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I I I I I I I sit on this couch and recline I mean you know like I I I I I I I mean well well you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Monica Geller and well you know well you know um so I hate it it it it it it it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome I mean uh so so so so so so so well well uh to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm failing Villa uh I mean I mean uh um you know dough and we we we we we we we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know so so so so so so so like like well okay uh that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy uh I mean so well like you know hot take. Oh my golly golly golly golly golly golly golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start you know um so so so so so so so so uh like with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to to to to to to to everyone to everyone to everyone to everyone to everyone to everyone to uh well well well well well well well like uh I mean like know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about about about about about about about the American Collegiate raw circuit so you know so okay um okay. My name is is is is is is is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of our guests um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh you know. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, it's your boy. I okay so okay like well um would like to apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, so okay uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was was was was was was was on Ross All-Stars uh like um um you know okay 11 board with with with with with with with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
I did I did I did I did I did I did I did did did did did did did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever take like like like like like like like so uh um uh I mean banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. I had no prior knowledge of um okay I mean you know uh you you you you you you you know the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish behavior um um well like I mean so. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it it it it it it it is. Oops the podcast we are joined as always by Francis well you you you you you you you know well I mean so like Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a a a a a a a special guest today Mateo Lane High um uh so well okay you know buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno. I done I done I done I done I done I done I done done done done done done done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I came in you know you know know know know know know know uh um like okay with my PR person my lighting crew my director director director director director director director my I mean, I really divided up okay okay okay so okay uh walking walking walking walking walking walking walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be fair when I was I I I I I I I mean you know like you know I mean uh at his podcast like three years years years years years years years ago. I walked I walked I walked I walked I walked I walked I walked walked walked walked walked walked walked in and he told me on you know okay okay okay you know know know know know know know you know the spot that it was going to be on camera and it it it it it it it was Pouring I mean like I mean like uh you know rain. I look look look look look look look like shit Mike. You have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an an an an an an an I'm an I'm an Gordon here with your day. My husband okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean so my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot hot hot hot hot hot hot summer. That's 60. We okay well I mean so you know uh are in the the the the the the the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's very uh so I I I I I I I mean okay uh you know exciting. I want to notify you all again about about about about about about about our CM our virtual CM that is that well uh so um so you know will will will will will will will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard time and you know know know know know know know you know uh so uh well 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the the the the the the the world, you can associate you well so I mean so okay I mean know know know know know know know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people people people people people people people to contribute. Some people some people some people some people some people some people some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If If If If If If If so, okay you know well you know um um we're excited to share our free free free free free free free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful so I mean I mean um like like like like like like like um entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create create create create create create create okay I mean um like like uh to access your free guide and turn your dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward you know well um um you know I mean slash slash slash slash slash slash slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is I mean like like like like like like like uh like you know like and I think I've sort of got an answer but but but but but but but I noticed that I'm well uh like like okay well not as unconditional as as as as as as as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes like you know know know know know know know like you know like you know by other people if there's some negativity and affects affects affects affects affects affects affects me and I dip and so say like you know um like you know so that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
Hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here like like like like like like like well you know uh um so with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder founder founder founder founder founder founder operator and super gangster from Murder okay like so I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Town USA. Our favorite our favorite our favorite our favorite our favorite our favorite our favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing like well I mean so so so so so so so okay okay great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first first first first first first first thing right for um so so well uh you know yeah. I have never done done done done done done done a podcast before. Hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe severe severe severe severe severe severe hey severe that's case scenario, but I like okay I mean well okay you you you you you you you know like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do do do do do do do this. Yeah so I mean uh well like well. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody Nobody Nobody Nobody Nobody Nobody Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got like like okay like so so so so so so so um so real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something something something something something something something out because I so uh I mean um okay um know we're just letting him him him him him him him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a okay well well well well well well well you know like okay uh space docks podcast where we cover all things space in in in in in in in this podcast. We will be you know so um um like okay covering all all all all all all all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies or discoveries discoveries discoveries discoveries discoveries discoveries discoveries um I mean so um uh okay that anyone interested in the field may want to know know know know know know know about right from the well okay okay uh you know well Apollo mission to the the the the the the the first image of the black hole to the latest news on Starship uh so so so so so so so I mean okay you know like to the Artemis program to take us back back back back back back back to the moon. So if so if so if so if so if so so so so so so so if so if like us you I mean okay like um uh you know are are are are are are are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all that is happening okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well so well in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for for for for for for for adult consumption okay you know I mean you know um um only it may not not not not not not not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised I mean so uh well well well well well well well okay like Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According According According According According According According to according to according to according to according to according to according to um um um um um um um you know so you know you know well TMZ. All I saw was the the the the the the the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in uh like I mean well you you you you you you you know um the back seat of the car. Kidnap and kidnap and kidnap and kidnap and and and and and and and kidnap and kidnap and kidnap and and beat up a little bit um um so so so so so so so I mean well like to you know, I definitely brought it back down a human human human human human human human level. And I started so okay um like well um talking to God God God God God God God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out of like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um you know uh this. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original original original original original original original podcast in partnership with well uh um well um I mean complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead lead lead lead lead lead lead a I mean um well um um um hero to fighting himself in a story of two two two two two two two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the okay uh so okay like you know podcast that that that that that that that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite uh well um um um um um um um you know um okay video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin I'm Kevin I'm Kevin I'm Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin I'm Kevin I'm Kevin I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're we're we're we're we're we're we're exploring um I mean uh so um um two Paths of One Life. This This This This This This This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is is is is is is is going to have Major Spoilers uh well well I mean okay I mean for BioShock BioShock BioShock BioShock BioShock BioShock BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh well you know it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so we're so we're so so so so so so so we're so we're so we're so we're so glad that you're you you you you you you you know so um well well I mean here. I hope you guys are having having having having having having having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today uh you know you know so I I I I I I I mean um is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely dying so uh okay okay so um to release this one. So this so so so so so so so this so this so this so this so this so this episode focuses all all all all all all all on marriage and motherhood and man like uh um I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. There are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well uh um like hear it. If this is the first one that that that that that that that you're tapping like okay um well so like on I do recommend. Going back and and and and and and and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely um um like so I mean you know know know know know know know imperative. But I but I but I but I but I but but but but but but but I but I do think that all of the information in part to her story story story story story story story you know so like uh you know well all her tips the way way way way way way way that she parents it's all like so much more interesting okay you know you you you you you you you know well like you know and almost more like valuable when you know where she she she she she she she came from part 1 is so um you know I mean you know know know know know know know um all about her life as a young girl how she was parented her family uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh so uh story Dynamic her as a young woman and it's fascinating and and and and and and and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show you you you you you you you know okay you know I mean like like start brushing on the top of your mouth on on on on on on on one side and brush like um um um okay so the inside inside inside inside inside inside inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every um uh like like like like like like like so well like day we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today is today is today is today is today is today is today is heroines are are are are are are are a okay well okay okay uh okay pair of sisters who fought for the the the the the the the freedom of their country their names were Trung you know so well well you know know know know know know know I mean truck and Trung knee. A long along along along along along along along along along along along along long time ago the Trung sisters were born in a so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so like country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and and and and and and and have them trained like like uh uh like um in martial arts back in those those those those those those those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino like like like like like like like okay like I mean like I mean can be a long thing, you know, so so so so so so so let's get into this week's Chase so well I mean uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Smith. Hey guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl girl girl girl girl girl girl Gigi so so like okay you know well and hello. We're joined by special special special special special special special special guest and he goes by the name of well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so re free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was was was was was was was so like okay you know well um your day tiring long as it it it it it it it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love um like um I I I I I I I mean uh like that now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you you you you you you you know, our Tagalog word um okay so I mean okay um of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the you know um um um um um um um so like you know you know fires are so nasty. They are now tied tied tied tied tied tied tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of okay so I mean I mean um um um um um um um I mean the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first first first first first first first place due I mean I mean well um I mean um to the tiebreak, tiebreak, tiebreak, tiebreak, tiebreak, tiebreak, tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh you know well because that would make the most sense, but of of of of of of of course not listen, I you know well like well like so don't care care care care care care care if technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh uh I mean look at the points it is tied. This very very very very very very very moment and just the fact that that I mean I mean uh you know know know know know know know so okay is the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me me me me me me me so happy like okay uh okay okay um. So the Flyers beat the the the the the the the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know uh a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the you know know know know know know know I mean okay so you know okay topic of today's video is going to be be be be be be be going with the flow and I got an you know you know so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably probably probably probably probably probably probably since late like so you know okay I mean um last year by eight eight eight eight eight eight eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching him okay I mean uh um you you you you you you you know I mean now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's he's he's he's he's he's he's got a so well like I mean so well couple of situations situations situations situations situations situations situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets so uh um okay um um um um um um um I mean his All at a concert and I guess his group and her group group group group group group group of like uh well I mean well well friends kind of emerged at some some some some some some some point, and she listened this. She says that okay so okay you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean she told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers Dodgers Dodgers Dodgers Dodgers Dodgers Dodgers a okay okay I mean okay so so podcast for and by Philippine X X X X X X X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is well okay okay um I mean I I I I I I I mean not Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin. Hey, I mean I mean um like okay like what's up, and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what you know like like like like like like like um okay so I mean I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's uh what's uh what's uh what's uh what's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh what's uh what's uh so so okay um okay a draugr my I love saying among among among among among among among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in okay I mean I I I I I I I mean like like uh secret. We can we can we can we we we we we we we can we can we can we can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to okay like like like like like like like I mean okay uh um talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, which I want to get to First well you know you know you know you you you you you you you know I mean. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote Quote Quote Quote Quote Quote Quote unquote electronics um well I mean so so I mean and they're going to be be be be be be be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first time okay well uh uh um um um um um um um well they're going to throw it in used at least that we know of of of of of of of so uh so um um so you know read a little article about this this this this this this this AQ and we were just talking about this before okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh um we went live here. They've apparently used this puck puck puck puck puck puck puck in a couple games during okay you know I mean you know okay like the the the the the the the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it it it it it it it um um um okay so I mean. They've given it to a few few few few few few few of the Superstar players throughout the league the practice with um okay like um um um um um um um so okay the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive positive positive positive positive positive positive. Of course only um okay I mean so like like one player noticed some some some some some some some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he said he said he said he said he said he said he could notice.
Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys about anchor you know so well uh um so which is the platform platform platform platform platform platform platform. I used I used I used I used I used I used I used to make this this this this this this this podcast. If you haven't heard about I mean okay okay well uh I mean anchor its its its its its its its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's you know so so so so so so so um you know uh so free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right so uh so I mean um like from your phone or or or or or or or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can so uh like um like like like like like like like um be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can can can can can can can make money from your you know well you know I mean okay so podcast with with with with with with with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in okay well well well well well well well okay well well um one place. So download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to Anchor dot f like like um you know okay you know m-- to get get get get get get get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach the okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean you know well podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as as as as as as as always. It's your host Kelly okay okay uh you know well well. So So So So So So So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so excited so so so so so so so well um like you know you know but we got our finale of Love Love Love Love Love Love Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of you know know know know know know know you know like you know okay I mean a podcast, I found anchor to to to to to to to be the easiest way to create it by using so uh um well well well well well well well well I mean anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know like I mean well gives you everything you need in one place and and and and and and and you can produce the show right from your okay like like so uh okay phone phone phone phone phone phone phone tablet or computer. They're easy they're easy they're easy they're easy they're easy they're easy they're easy easy easy easy easy easy easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the okay okay so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um app to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even even even even even even even distribute well you know um okay you know uh your podcast for you you you you you you you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can so I mean like well uh uh be be be be be be be found that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also you know you know know know know know know know like I mean you know you know easily make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or I mean so so I mean like okay go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
If you if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me uh um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like explain. First of first of first of first of first of first first first first first first first of first of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so um like up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty big deal. There you know so you know you know uh well are creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like you know uh you know phone or computer. You have to go out out out out out out out and spend a lot of money like uh um uh so you know buying software software software software software software software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I mean so so so so so so so like uh okay like it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and and many more and I mean so you know you know you know you know the the the the the the the best part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum um um so so so so so so so um um I mean listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place place doubled the I mean you know I mean okay uh uh free anchor app or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches like um you know know know know know know know uh like I mean proud apart with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm Firm Firm Firm Firm Firm Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer so so well I mean I mean I mean for for for for for for for a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a a a a a a a you know well you know um you know you know personal injury lawyer, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing losing losing losing losing losing losing okay well uh you know I mean I mean to the Charlotte Hornets a a a a a a a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to welcome to the March 1st episode so uh like okay um uh of dishes and and and and and and and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women you know you you you you you you you know like so you know well hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman Iman Iman Iman Iman Iman Iman. Hey mon. Hello uh uh well um uh well greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring bring bring bring bring bring bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about all all all all all all all okay so uh uh okay well that Jesus began to do and to teach until the the the the the the the day he was taken okay um so like you know I mean up to heaven after after after after after after after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had well so uh uh you you you you you you you know like chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs proofs proofs proofs proofs proofs proofs that he like you know so um um uh was alive. He appeared to to to to to to to them over a period of 40 days and spoke about you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay like the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well like so to take a brief moment today to let you know about about about about about about about the easiest well I mean uh I mean so well way possible to start your very own own own own own own own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are um um um you know um well well well well well well well actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software software software software software software software to I mean um okay so so uh record each episode for the longest longest longest longest longest longest longest time. I actually paid money to host the uh so well like um well well well well well well well packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using you you you you you you you know uh so uh you know well different software as I tried to record but but but but but but but not anymore anchor gives me everything I mean like um okay uh uh we need need need need need need need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet tablet tablet tablet tablet tablet tablet uh I mean you know okay uh I mean or cell phone. Not Not Not Not Not Not Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity uh uh so okay you you you you you you you know um to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting your own podcast, um like like um you know so you better be serious about using using using using using using using anchor download the anchor app or go to um um like um well like Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're hope you're hope you're hope you're hope you're hope you're hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you're all doing well. And you ready to hear uh uh like you know know know know know know know um I mean from another friend of the show. He's definitely he's definitely he's he's he's he's he's he's he's definitely he's definitely he's definitely he's definitely he's definitely someone I should have have have have have have have called before now uh so um well um I mean as he's one of of of of of of of the few people I've played with whom I looked well you know know know know know know know well I mean um um up to for a very very long time firstly for for for for for for for the way conduct so so um like um you know himself on the field but but but but but but but also off the field as well. So without further you know you know know know know know know know uh well you know um Ado, here's my conversation with Premier League winner winner winner winner winner winner winner and good friend. My darling let's um well I mean I mean okay like go. Please Please Please Please Please Please Please enjoy. Just what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? um um um um um um um I um I um I um I um I um I um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know you know like That's all how are you bro? I'm good, man man man man man man man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, I mean well uh like well you know know know know know know know um, you know, same old same old. I need I need I need I I I I I I I need I need I need I need to start this though with okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh like you know a bit of respect here. It's the the the the the the the same thing. I did with Micah uh okay I mean um well you know same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
Peace and love everyone. Have you have you have you have you have you you you you you you you have you have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to like well so so so so so so so I mean uh I mean make a podcast and it's free their creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that you can use to record I mean okay you know you know okay like and and and and and and and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay so um well the podcast for you. So you can be heard on on on on on on on every platform such as Spotify and so uh um so like you know apple you can can can can can can can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in one place okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like uh okay download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay like. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm very I'm very I'm very stoked to see you doing this my um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know okay so friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun fun fun fun fun fun fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee okay like okay so well you know. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of um um um um um um um well so I mean like like Iron Lion soap. He is he is is is is is is is he is he is he is he is he is a fantastic soap soap soap soap soap soap soap maker based in Southern California. The well um I mean you know like like company is is is is is is is Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and so so so so so so so so uh okay you know you know iron line soap.com they make Just a a a a a a a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so so uh I mean uh I I I I I I I mean I mean in love with and so grateful that I made the connection connection connection connection connection connection connection with Avi, and well so um I mean so well we had a chance chance chance chance chance chance chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is this is this is this this this this this this this is this is this is this is actually the first time uh I mean I I I I I I I mean like I mean uh we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program program program program program program program in total and you know like well um you know you know we're going going going going going going going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any any any any any any any uh um um like I mean well Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you you know um um you know um I I I I I I I mean have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We like like like like like like like uh uh so you know okay talk to them. Well, actually well, actually well, actually actually actually actually actually actually actually well, actually well, actually well, actually well, actually my dad's death so we can't can't can't can't can't can't can't call him. Oh, that's uh okay okay you know like you know probably could I I I I I I I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds you know uh well um um um um um um um you know so. If you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, um like uh well okay like trust me trust trust trust trust trust trust trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can I mean like um um um um um um um I mean like okay talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so yes, so so so so so so so yes, so yes, so yes, so yes, so yes, so he may not not not not not not not answer right away, I mean um so uh okay well right, but me I I I I I I I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in in in in in in in this you know like like you know um uh podcast. What we do is is is is is is is we have top ten lists. These are the audio um I mean okay I I I I I I I mean well like versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you you you you you you you enjoy this okay I mean okay uh uh okay show, please do consider leaving us a a a a a a a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast like so uh like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. Also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you are are are are are are are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of like okay well well well well well well well um um you know that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come come come come come come come and say hi to me like okay so you know you know you know. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so um Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the the the the the the the video today. We're looking okay um well you know so I mean at the top top top top top top top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, uh you know know know know know know know so uh like so the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many many many many many many many people will tell um um okay you know I mean you know know know know know know know you that at one point or another they have had some experience where they so so so so so so so so okay I mean uh you know thought they heard a sound when nothing should be be be be be be be there or they saw an apparition okay um you know okay okay okay that that that that that that that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln high Central and I mean well uh you know well um your host for for for for for for for everything Central my guest. This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode will be seniors who were recently um well like like like like like like like okay like okay honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum cum cum cum cum cum cum laude at the end um you know I mean I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and ninety well well well well well well well uh I mean uh you know uh who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and and and and and and and above today. We have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we have we have a couple of those you know um um okay so so Those Those Those Those Those Those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us us us us us us us today you know uh you know um okay you know guys. What I'd what I'd what what what what what what what I'd what I'd what I'd what I'd what I'd like you to do is is is is is is is state your name and the activities you've like well I mean so you know know know know know know know you know been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes mathletes mathletes mathletes mathletes mathletes mathletes boys lacrosse so you know I mean so so like football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Wilson and I'm involved with lots of music well well I mean um well well well well well well well you know things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're you you you you you you you know so I mean uh well so back with an update on the the the the the the the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the well you know okay I I I I I I I mean you know you know last few weeks new cases of this virus have have have have have have have been going up and up you know so I mean you know um so as of of of of of of of right now. There are there are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are there are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 I mean like well um so so so so so so so well dead. And this virus has spread fast outside of China with more more more more more more more than 70 countries now um okay you know well okay so affected and we're starting to to to to to to to feel it here in the US. Tonight the so so you know you you you you you you you know you know well governor of Washington declaring a state of emergency after the the the the the the the first known coronavirus death in the so um uh I mean okay uh US. The virus has has has has has has has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well well about more and more infections. There are now at least least least least least least least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
If you if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let you you you you you you you know okay uh I mean like uh me explain it's free. Its creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your I mean you know I mean you know know know know know know know like um podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean um like well uh well for you. So it can be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can well okay okay um well well well well well well well okay make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make you know know know know know know know I mean uh so so so a podcast in one place. Because obviously because because because because because because because obviously because obviously because obviously because obviously because obviously because obviously we wouldn't be be be be be be be able to do uh like um uh I mean I mean this without anchor. So So So So So So So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free you know like like like like like like like uh you know you know um anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We okay well I mean like uh you know know know know know know know just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not a you you you you you you you know so like you know um um full podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball uh okay um like like um and and and and and and and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
Roll it again. Probably Britain's probably Britain's probably Britain's probably Britain's probably Britain's probably Britain's probably probably probably probably probably probably probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so so well Wars session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good Good Good Good Good Good Good morning afternoon you know well uh like you know uh or evening wherever you are in in in in in in in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars uh okay uh so like um sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions come for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt uh you you you you you you you know well uh uh so. And I and I and I and I and and and and and and and I and I and I Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me me me me me me me as ever in you know like okay so I mean uh the cockpit of of of of of of of the Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so okay I mean and I'm here with Eric and puts puts puts puts puts puts puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric so so okay well well so so so so so so so lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture culture culture culture culture culture culture I mean well okay you know I mean so. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop pop pop pop pop pop pop culture. And today and today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today we're talking about Dan uh uh okay like um like Schneider to was was was was was was was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both um um okay so I I I I I I I mean I mean watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be be be be be be be talking about how I mean so um I mean uh um wacky is there's a a a a a a a lot of different elements to him in a lot like like okay um um um um um um um um like of different components that we have to get into so there it's going going going going going going going to well okay you know um I mean okay start. All right. Yeah. So like like like like like like like so like so like so like so like so like so like Kim said said said said said said said Dan Schneider if you grew up uh well like okay I mean you know know know know know know know in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor okay you know uh so so so so so so so okay um it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free so like okay um well uh and there's creation tools straight in the app that that that that that that that allow you to edit your podcast from your well um uh you know um um um um um um um um phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple apple apple apple apple apple apple uh you know well I mean you know so and many more without having to do do do do do do do anything which is great and you can make so um you know know know know know know know well I mean uh money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also also also also also also also great man. You gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta you you you you you you you gotta you gotta okay I mean you know I mean uh uh grind you got got got got got got got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to you know know know know know know know um well well you know like do all one place and to download the app app app app app app app go to anchor you know I mean um you know uh you know on the the the the the the the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um you know in the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything rob rob rob rob rob rob rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything and YG YG YG YG YG YG YG. You're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to episode I mean um so I mean I mean so 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The I the the the the the the the I the I the I the I the I the I mean so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh first episode alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in in in in in in in and checking so well I mean um uh uh it out and reviewing it and and and and and and and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then well well well well well well well you know I mean um you know so topic of today's newsletter is going to be be be be be be be what to do when your girl uh uh okay like well I mean goes psycho psycho psycho psycho psycho psycho psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna Deanna Deanna Deanna Deanna Deanna Deanna who you like well well um you know so have met and then Ashley, Ashley, Ashley, Ashley, Ashley, Ashley, Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is who is who is who is who is who is who is is is is is is is with us the other day okay I mean okay uh well you know and we got a a a a a a a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously well well um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean the video that we posted the other day people had some questions because because because because because because because there it's okay um well um like well like talked about in my first book 3% 3% 3% 3% 3% 3% 3% man that you can actually end so like well uh uh well a relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know other out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is this is this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is the first episode uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well um so um of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We We We We We We We want we want we want we want we want we want we want to to to to to to to show you guys I mean so uh um uh so the basics of of of of of of of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own you know um um um um um um um I mean like okay I mean Cube. Each episode each episode each episode each episode episode episode episode episode episode episode each episode each episode each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube cube cube cube cube cube cube design and hopefully like you know so I mean so uh you know say in in in in in in in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm John I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh I mean um you know by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming from I mean I mean well like um um the the the the the the the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? So essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially okay okay so you know well I mean we are trying to give you you you you you you you a short rundown as this for this first episode you know well so uh like like like like like like like well on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is is is is is is is so you know I mean so like like right now. It is it is it is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is me Jared and Gabe the original original original original original original original crew. We have local like I mean um you know so well bartender Courtney Nance Nance Nance Nance Nance Nance Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo okay um um um um um um um um like you know well boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to to to to to to to the back to the like okay like so okay uh roots. We're going back to to to to to to to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are like like so like you know um um um um um um um Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that that that that that that that the dogs are um so okay okay you know you know who let let let let let let let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean okay to say it myself but but you're okay with you need need need need need need need okay? Yeah, so like um so so uh as long as you're with me saying saying saying saying saying saying saying that I'm gonna hate it always support okay so um you know so you you you you you you you know your right to see random things. I support my right to party and and and and and and and you always you know so um um uh you know you got to fight for for for for for for for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and um um um um um um um so okay I mean like okay I became good friends when we were taking an an an an an an an anatomy lab at Cal State like um well okay uh you know Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational occupational occupational occupational occupational occupational occupational I mean so well I mean okay I mean therapy school. She has recently recently recently recently recently recently recently been admitted and we are so proud of well I mean I mean well okay I I I I I I I mean her Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her her her her her her her undergraduate um well okay like okay I mean major and when she was still studying studying studying studying studying studying studying that she also played basketball NCAA okay I mean well so I mean you know Division Division Division Division Division Division Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well um I mean okay knowledge about not only how to exercise but also also also also also also also how to exercise confidence. We're going to you know so like I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough you know know know know know know know well like okay like so situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength to to to to to to to keep going in the I mean you know okay like uh you know face face face face face face face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human um um um um um um um I mean um um like you know design and business for the modern modern modern modern modern modern modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and um um uh so I mean well well well well well well well energetic alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so well so so um you know not working so that it starts to work for for for for for for for you through human design and okay you know uh so well you know Alignment you experience experience experience experience experience experience experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact I mean well so so so so so so so well um so and of course income each week. I'm going to be be be be be be be bringing you the human uh you know um so like um design and business in a a a a a a a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive well I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so In Hey guys, welcome to align by design. It is a me all all all all all all all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you are a new.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip lip lip lip lip lip lip uh uh like okay you know you know balms beard care and much much more all all all all all all all of their products are natural wholesome and okay like like um you know um prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so you know you know and to promote prayer meditation on scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent uh um um um I mean um off off off off off off off your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out uh you you you you you you you know uh well I mean I mean the link in the show notes. Today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is all Also sponsored by pray more you know like uh um uh okay novenas this this this this this this this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org you know uh so okay I I I I I I I mean like this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death death death death death death death and Resurrection. Everything um you know well so you know like is online and and and and and and and at your own pace and you can find the time to well uh like like like like like like like well well you know listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks total total total total total total total talks total talks total talks total talks total talks total talks each talk comes comes comes comes comes comes comes to the video I mean um you know like um okay study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old old old old old old old uh um okay so you know okay came home from a long day at work work work work work work work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez over dinner okay I mean you know so I I I I I I I mean um. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over San San San San San San San Jose I mean so you know I mean you know like the largest city city city city city city city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as it well so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and and and and and and and injected himself with Heroin just well so like well okay okay like most nights nights nights nights nights nights nights but right away something felt different. It was it was it was it was was was was was was was it was it was it was all wrong. The drugs burned hot okay you know well well well well well well well um so um through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began began began began began began began to hallucinate and eventually passed like well um you know you know so out out out out out out out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth like like like like like like like okay uh so okay okay of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for for for for for for for the December quarter, which means you know so okay um well um it is basically basically basically basically basically basically basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit we um okay like like like like like like like okay you know so saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This This This This This This This means that GDP so you know so okay um okay was up by 05% 05% 05% 05% 05% 05% 05%. In December quarter, this was larger than the 0.4% that economists um uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the the the the the the the economy was you know like I mean well well I mean at a gentle gentle gentle gentle gentle gentle gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, it like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like okay like looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S S S S S S S turn due to the okay uh well you know um I mean fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and and and and and and and the like like well you know you know um stay-at-home moms. And we just kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of want to share our experiences since I stay so um um okay so like at at at at at at at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just just just just just just just kind of you know I mean okay so so so bring a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of insight and show you that there are really great things um uh so so so so so so so uh um well. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go go go go go go go and do whatever you so so so you know okay like do when when when when when when when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos um um um um um um um like I mean like uh uh in their stroller and go for a walk walk walk walk walk walk walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam I mean I mean like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created created created created created created created the messy okay um you know uh um uh Mama pod because we've we've we've we've we've we've we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and so uh so so so so so so so like um I mean unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once Once Once Once Once Once Once a month were going well okay okay like um well to be spotlighting one one one one one one one of you mama's so that you can share your story I mean okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in in in in in in in our community dry like you know well well I mean you know. Shampoo is is is is is is is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help um you know know know know know know know well okay like um you take your health Fitness and wants it to the next level level level level level level level okay well okay I mean like like. It's time it's time it's time it's time time time time time time time it's time it's time it's time to level up. Hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode 14 of level level level level level level level up okay uh like um I mean like with Cheryl and Danny today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue um so I I I I I I I mean well so so doesn't it? Does it I think it's what we've been saying saying saying saying saying saying saying for the last few weeks so you know so okay so uh. I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing um um um um um um um like you know so like like the arm the post that we put on the the the the the the the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about like like you know uh well you know know know know know know know yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um okay really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and and and and and and and I know you are okay so you know you know so um too. SLI everyday your your your your your your your training working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath okay you know know know know know know know uh okay okay okay. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? it it it it it it Well, it's your bread so well um like well uh and butter, but I'm here here here here here here here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome uh uh you know like like like like like like like okay you know to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're you're you're you're you're you're you're trying to build okay I mean uh you know I mean uh in your meditation? meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation Is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is it that you want to be more present is it that okay okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know you want to be more intentional is it that you want to to to to to to to feel more you know well you know like okay so of a sense of like like like like like like like trust and connection to intuition is it that you want you know you know so so so so so so so like well uh to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? better better better better better better You know, what okay um well like well okay is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are are are are are are are you craving and notice in your well like I mean like well like life and and and and and and and it will show up. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the the the the the the the it's the it's the beauty of meditation notice when those um well okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode 97 97 97 97 97 97 97 of hurdle um uh I mean so you know you know a wellness wellness wellness wellness wellness wellness wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals to talk about everything everything everything everything everything everything everything from I mean well um like okay um their big wings to how they've they've they've they've they've they've they've gotten through. Some of some of some of some of some of some of some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at welcome at welcome at welcome at welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome at welcome at welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of show I I I I I I I mean um okay uh I mean well coming to you on this Friday afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon with an episode heavily requested by many of okay so I mean um you you you you you you you know so you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads for for for for for for for 2020 like so you know okay I mean so something like that that that that that that that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy what books I mean like like like like like like like I mean uh you know um would you recommend for finance with books books books books books books books you recommend for personal development? Well books well books well books well books well well well well well well well books well books well books well well um you know so so to recommend for for for for for for for nutrition. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm going to share with you at least the uh you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the the the the the the the ones that are okay you know okay I mean um you know In the the the the the the the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book I mean like like like like like like like okay I mean well uh that I've read and listened to over over over over over over over the past 10 years, but I'll give you so so okay well I mean like like like like like like like guys a pretty good list and I did a version of this a long time time time time time time time ago, uh um well so okay uh which is somewhere on the blog and my my my my my my my goal is to put these onto uh well you know you know you know know know know know know know like the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or so. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know uh well just have a lot of real I say quote quote quote quote quote quote quote unquote real work to do but so I mean well uh uh okay I I I I I I I will get to this but if you hear me say something and you didn't you you you you you you you know uh okay you know so well catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for I mean like like like like like like like well well I mean I mean the fact that someone created pics insight and I I I I I I I happen to work hard to learn uh so um well like like it and actually actually actually actually actually actually actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just uh I I I I I I I mean like you know you know uh really fantastic. If you think about how how how how how how how far things have come for us to be you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay um um doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were were were were were were were once in the realm um like okay you know um I mean of of professional professional professional professional professional professional professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean so like so um um um um um um um like okay Nielsen to our podcast. He is he is he is he he he he he he he is he is he is he is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and and and and and and and uh like you know you know okay like he runs a website visible dark dark dark dark dark dark dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like you know dark Astro. He is he is he is he is is is is is is is he is he is he is a big user of picks in sight. So let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get uh okay uh well you know well started. Hello everyone and welcome to space junk junk junk junk junk junk junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing well I mean well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate fate fate fate fate fate fate of well so I mean um well you know Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have um um okay like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these these these these these these these episodes so okay well um um so on The Disappearance of MH370, check check check check check check check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We uh we uh we uh we uh we we we we we we we uh we uh we uh well so um okay uh tell the complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean like so conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to to to to to to to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening um um well well okay so in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk talk talk talk uh like I mean like I mean like now ladies and gentlemen, here we we we we we we we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low so I mean uh well well well well well well well uh like here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? right right right right right right Yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're I mean um I mean you know so well here to talk about this this this this this this this episode. We love we love our audience and we will um I mean like like like like like like like you know well like give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly she she she she she she she quickly she quickly she quickly she quickly she quickly she quickly at this is is is is is is is yall's first time okay uh so like so I mean tuning in Welcome to to to to to to to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an so so okay uh um um um um um um um so actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is is is is is is is of course you know I mean you know um um uh your Bachelor crew led led led led led led led by me or moderated by me. I should say said um so like like like like like like like like like well yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only Only Only Only Only Only Only first uh um so well you know like got me was chef Graham huge huge huge huge huge huge huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a so okay um well okay uh host host host host host host host here at the network. So excited so excited so excited so excited so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited so excited so excited to be here, but me Christine be um so like like like like like like like so so you know next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money you know you know you you you you you you you know uh so um and everything in between because they would have called your for for for for for for for hydropower birthday so um uh um uh you know. Did I don't also much what what what what what what what you mean by are usually gas by D so so like well uh like the middle amounts amounts amounts amounts amounts amounts amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher well okay so so so so so so so so okay like salary in All right. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you you you you you you you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look look look look look look look like um okay you know uh well uh you've never listened to bash me a a a a a a a day in your life not voluntarily know I mean you know uh um like you know know know know know know know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you think you think you think you think you think you think you're better than us. No,.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN like okay I I I I I I I mean okay well so of TV talk now. It was it was it was it it it it it it it was it was it was it was The Buzz. What is happening? What is is is is is is is happening with uh okay okay you know you know uh this show guys are are are are are are are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay feeling. We're here. We're going to go through it. You know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know you know you know what what what what what what what it is um like okay well like like. You know how we do first. I I I I I I I want to introduce. My panel I am over like well I mean so so so so so so so uh um here by myself on the team married side, but to my left left left left left left left also representing team married well I mean you know well okay uh and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so uh you know have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those those those those those those those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a Draconian you know um uh um um um um um um um like uh a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid hid hid hid hid hid hid you know um well well uh so alien. Welcome to aliens like us with with with with with with with me of course button below the other alien okay okay okay uh I mean you know know know know know know know and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our our our our our our our you know so uh um like um show this time. We're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to discuss Ancient Aliens Aliens Aliens Aliens Aliens Aliens Aliens. That's like old aliens in US um I mean um uh okay well. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah familiar with it it it it it it it I mean like okay uh well okay huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay you know like this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning morning morning morning morning morning morning. If you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if you here they start to um so I mean like well you know do a a a a a a a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have like okay so so so so so so so well um uh my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises noises noises noises noises noises noises in the like like um like like so background, that's our kitten Nona if you you you you you you you haven't been following along the latest week or so okay I mean so I mean you you you you you you you know two kitchen. You're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're you're you're you're you're you're you're so you're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when uh okay like like like like like like like okay um I mean we feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're they're they're they're they're they're they're not funny um uh well like you know uh. Oh my God. No I no no no no no no no I no I no I no I no I no I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that um like well I mean uh um documents everything about the world world world world world world world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um uh well so the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of of of of of of of course speaking with musicians so well you know so uh uh about that that that that that that that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain um like like like like like like like you know okay like you know at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class consequence so okay so um okay um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so you know I mean I mean by W FP k @ W FP FP FP FP FP FP FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the uh um um like like like like like like like well you know very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode episode episode episode episode episode episode was recorded live well uh well um like um on November 1st at st st st st st st st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay like a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the the the the the the the audience as well as okay okay uh like okay like questions submitted from our website website website website website website website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody on um I I I I I I I mean so um well uh our crew and I should mention this room was was was was was was was very big very bhumi tall ceiling. So uh like uh like you know well the the the the the the the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so I mean okay you know uh okay the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me explain it's free free free free free free free. There's creation tools that uh uh so okay well I mean allow you to record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean like uh distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and well well like I mean well well whatever else they they they they they they they distribute to you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, so so so so so so so um you know like you know I mean and it's everything you need to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. Download the okay like um I mean well okay free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you know know know know know know know um okay so okay so. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for for for for for for for tuning in. This is the I mean uh so you know okay well Hawkeye Outdoors Outdoors Outdoors Outdoors Outdoors Outdoors Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept I I I I I I I mean you know well like so well us on one basis and we we we we we we we kind of do a little bit of this that so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh um and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow follow follow follow follow follow follow okay like um uh you know so your favorite podcast. So you so you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode like like like like like like like this one or if you okay you know uh well well so become a a a a a a a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to like okay so so so so so so so like so I mean them offline like I do when you're on a a a a a a a plane or wherever you're traveling and also okay like okay okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so so so so so so so already okay so I mean okay like so be sure to download the Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse podcast I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay well in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll catch the the the the the the the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know well you know well guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is is is is is is is up on a few a few uh well well okay okay so sites, but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the first full one so welcome and I have I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know okay uh a mic this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on on on on on on on a cell uh um uh um like so phone, you know across the the the the the the the world. So we're professional now, but she was not so okay like you know know know know know know know so well doing that. It just it just it just it just it just it it it it it it it just it just was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would so like like like like like like like you know so um you know have loved to be halfway around the world, but that's that's that's that's that's that's that's a story for another like uh well like so I mean time. So you're ready ready ready ready ready ready ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm I mean uh so um I I I I I I I mean okay Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you you you you you you you. I'll be um um okay well like well cheering with you an excerpt from from from from from from from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the sharing the sharing the sharing the sharing the the the the the the the sharing the sharing the benefits I mean um um okay you know you know of of of of of of of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope so so so so so so so like I mean uh I mean like There are five great benefits of living living living living living living living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives um um well I mean like um meaning to your your your your your your your life. We were we were we were we were we were we were we were were were were were were were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Lisa Marie uh okay um so well well and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes ashes ashes ashes ashes ashes ashes. We are going to be serenading you you know okay you know um um um um um um um well well with a poem to start. So Andy so Andy so Andy so Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy so Andy so Andy so Andy take it away. I'm going to be reading I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean uh so um a poem by one of the Lisa and my my my my my my my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we okay you know I mean well well so so so so so so so thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect reality aspect reality reality reality reality reality reality reality aspect reality aspect reality aspect reality aspect reality aspect like okay well well like like like like like like like so really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of you to to to to to to to wake uh well well um like um by Christina Rossetti. I dream of of of of of of of you to wake would that I might dream of like okay I mean uh well well well well well well well uh you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear companion so so so so so so so like you know okay so well gone as summer ended summer birds take take take take take take take flight and happy dreams. I hold you full okay uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Brian I'm Brian I'm Brian I'm Brian I'm Brian I'm Brian I'm Brian and um so so so so so so so okay okay okay um we the premise of this podcast is kind of of of of of of of there is no premise. There's no um uh you know uh well well premise right right right right right right right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing that so um like like like like like like like um well well I think this is founded on we found there's just such a a a a a a a lack of you know well like okay so well podcast with two white guys in in in in in in in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah so okay so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know and heterosexual. I just I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I just I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we we we we we we we okay I mean okay I mean well uh decided to throw our hat in the ring ring ring ring ring ring ring and give it a shot and maybe you know uh well well um um um um um um um uh be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi hi hi hi hi hi hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and and and and and and and my co-host you know um like like like so is Andrew Monroe in each episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to explore explore explore explore explore explore explore topics that are too important uh um like you know you know um to wait wait wait wait wait wait wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each topic. We encourage like so so so so so so so um well like like you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so so so so so so so each new day could um I mean like you know um I mean be be be be be be be your final chance to really live. This week this week this week this week this this this this this this this week this week this week we'll be covering you know uh um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from from from from from from from I mean um so like so well and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, okay, Andrew, okay, Andrew, okay, Andrew, okay, Andrew, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, Andrew, okay, Andrew, what would you do you know okay I mean uh um well well well well well well well if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die tomorrow? I I I I I I I well um uh you know you know I mean would probably do something something something something something something something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the same like I I I I I I I mean um uh uh so time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of poke dad's um um um um um um um uh um so um um there was this questions that we keep keep keep keep keep keep keep getting about what platform we use for uh I mean um so so so so so so so so okay podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy it's it's it's it's it's it's it's easy it's easy it's easy it's easy it's easy it's easy to use and and and and and and and I so okay I mean well like like just love it. There's creation tools that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast like I mean so uh so like like like like like like like right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in my my my my my my my you know um you know you know well uh mind that I'm out I I I I I I I can easily pull out my phone go into the episode so so okay like like like like like like like um uh. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping easy easy easy easy easy easy easy I mean you know you know I mean like you know. Love it. And what else else else else else else else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor will well I mean like you you you you you you you know uh okay distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify you name okay I mean um okay you know so it and it's great download download download download download download download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
Podcast what's good? Do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you do you do you eat food? That is that is that is that is that is is is is is is is that is that is a very simple question I have for like well you know know know know know know know okay like you know you. Do you food now if that food happens happens happens happens happens happens happens to be Gourmet stuff, like so okay you know okay okay like delicious olive oils or or or or or or or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you I mean well okay um so well well well well well well well need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods so so so so so so so like like so um uh that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, but but but but but but but for olive oils pastas hot sauces uh like uh uh so uh mustards and and and and and and and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy well well well well well well well um you know um I mean so gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is the the the the the the the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for so um um uh okay uh today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well I mean um their different hustles and how most of you need need need need need need need to break out of the uh so so you know um uh mold. So So So So So So So make sure to hit them up and leave a review to let okay you know know know know know know know okay uh well okay us know what you thought and I hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're looking uh like okay like okay like at some more educational objectives. Let's get get get get get get get right to it starting with fragile X syndrome. What is okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh so this caused by this is caused by an increased number number number number number number number of cgg trinucleotide um okay okay like okay well repeats on the fragile X X X X X X X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on the long arm so I I I I I I I mean uh I mean you know well of the X chromosome and this leads to to to to to to to hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so okay okay okay well well remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats repeats repeats repeats repeats repeats repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to leading to leading to leading to leading to leading to leading to hypermethylation and.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really I really really really really really really really I really I really I really I really I really actually you know know know know know know know well okay um okay so want you to tweet me your feedback on on on on on on on how you like weekly V well so I mean uh you know uh and podcast form form form form form form form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and I mean okay so so so so so so so okay so well just put hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as well well well well well well well so I okay um uh well okay okay can see your feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so uh on how you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching watching watching watching watching watching watching the well uh well you know okay so Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double double double double double double double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio uh so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay experience. What up what up what up what up what up what up up up up up up up what up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had um so so so so so so so so well okay like with Pearson. He speaks about ageism and how he he he he he he he believes that Talent comes in you know so like so well okay all all all all all all all ages shapes and sizes. So make so make so make so make so make make make make make make make so make so make sure to hit them up and let us okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well um well um know what you thought with a review and and and and and and and I hope you enjoy A story um uh I mean so um you know I'm working working working working working working working on is about his son in the industry and sort of how even even even even even even even I mean you know um um um okay see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as okay like like like like like like like like like you know okay a Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth truth truth truth truth truth truth in black and white. We as people well so like uh um like are are are are are are are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray um well well well well well well well um um like okay areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on on on on on on on this platform I welcome open dialogue well well you know um um so for for for for for for for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach and I I I I I I I mean you know you know like so okay form and simply trade stories with kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness love and mutual respect. If you have uh you know okay like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at um so so so so so so so uh well like like God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause cause cause cause cause cause cause and be a part of so so you know um so uh our community community community community community community community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually actually actually actually actually actually actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got well uh you know like like like like like like like um you know a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I I I I I I I like sandpaper. It's all you know so I mean I mean I mean so right. But But But But But But But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy busy busy busy busy busy busy um uh I mean so you know well with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus Hiatus Hiatus Hiatus Hiatus Hiatus Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not a um okay I mean so um you you you you you you you know Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so well you know participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast me. But I guess that's like well so um I mean uh cool Gary research research research research research research research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is well well well well well well well like uh you know okay you know capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, such like you know like like like like like like like um I mean well he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in in in in in in in the podcast. Do not reflect the views I mean uh I mean well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners discretion well you know okay um well okay is advised you cut with with with with with with with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have otto have otto have otto have otto have have have have have have have otto have otto have but without a uh I mean uh um okay so doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm you you you you you you you know I mean well you know like like with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked um well uh okay uh uh. Well tahina, tahina, tahina, tahina, tahina, tahina, tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey tofu tofu tofu tofu tofu tofu tofu uh okay so you know you know you know steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about you know I mean so so well you know anchor is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's free um you know know know know know know know like so um like like free. Like no money. Like you don't have have have have have have have to pay you have to pay so uh you know um uh um any money money money money money money money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that allow like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like um you know you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from your Phone or computer I mean so okay well well you know super simple simple simple simple simple simple simple super easy. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you you you you you you you don't have to go to some studio and pay for uh uh um um you you you you you you you know okay some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you you you you you you you where you like so like you know uh so will meet. Today's European jazz singers singers singers singers singers singers singers. Device this wonderful tool in each one of uh um well okay so like like like like like like like us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know 25 years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search search search search search search search learn and experiment I mean I mean well well I mean I mean my my my my my my my passion for the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to to to to to to to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to to to to to to to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or whatever so so so so so so so so so like um so platform you listen to the sporting big and and and and and and and on. All right. So today I'm uh um uh well uh you know going to to to to to to to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering opening day um I I I I I I I mean so I mean you know you know happens this month. So basically the MLB MLB MLB MLB MLB MLB MLB is in a really weird weird place well I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's well you know well uh um okay possible that the Red Sox did did did did did did did as well. And I just I don't okay you know like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my my my my my my my predictions for uh you know okay so uh okay next year. So To put it it it it it it it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March March March March March March March. We're like I mean so so I mean you know counting down down down down down down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode were um you know um you know like you know journeying back to 1994 and the the the the the the the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in uh I mean um um um um um um um um I mean I mean the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Andres Andres Andres Andres Andres Andres Escobar that cost Columbia okay you know I mean um well I mean the game game game game game game game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history tune like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um uh like in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen listen listen listen listen listen listen free on Spotify or like so you know you know okay you know wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second like so so so so so so so well I mean I mean you know match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John John John John John John John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that that that that that that that podcast I mean uh like well um so thing now in launching a patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori so uh I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you you you you you you you want like um I mean so like okay to receive a special newsletter digestive digestive digestive digestive digestive digestive digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be um you know I mean well well well well well well well okay okay a part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events events events events events events events. Go uh um well well so I mean take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for what we're offering and in like well like well okay like that Spirit of being lean lean lean lean lean lean lean and that startup kind of way that That, you I mean you know well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean know, we like to do this list of goodies is subject to to to to to to to change and we'd very um well uh so uh well much like your feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but well like well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh it isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what like like like like like like like um I mean um um okay we offer to you. You can send an an an an an an an email to podcast at Noricom I mean so like uh well uh. Or fill out out out out out out out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at I I I I I I I mean um okay like um I mean nor e.com subscribe, and thank you you you you you you you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been it's been it's been been been been been been been it's been it's been it's been it's been a you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh well uh while since we had episode with just me me me me me me me and Gerard So today we're going you know okay well like um you know to to to to to to to have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the now the now the the the the the the the now the now the now the now the way we're defining flipping well well well well well well well uh well um well so for the conversation today is just the selling of of of of of of of any shaving related item that's um like like like um you know significantly significantly significantly significantly significantly significantly significantly marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and I I I I I I I mean uh I mean okay you know um now onto the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
Welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone to to to to to to to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Justin Boon to leave fantasy I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like you know well okay Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're recording this on Monday morning like so you know um well so. So at this this this this this this this point we've at least had a couple days to digest some of okay I I I I I I I mean like I mean like so the performances from the skill position players and that's that's that's that's that's that's that's what we're going to talk about um like well so uh uh today the offense offense offense offense offense offense offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I know you know well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you you you you you you you cannot freak I mean okay okay so um uh out about one data point point point point point point point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes. I um I um I I I I I I I um I um I um I um I um uh um uh you you you you you you you know you know mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just it's just it's just just just just just just just it's just it's just it's just it's just an example, but they're / / / / / / / like fractions well like like like like like of a second. So that shouldn't make make make make make make make you wildly swinging your view of a player so like you know like like like like like like like okay um but we did learn some things some players had much better showing showing showing showing showing showing showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals in American well like I mean like okay well political history. This is number number number number number number number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman was well uh I mean you know know know know know know know you know so charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and and and and and and and Congressional staff for I mean so so you know um uh personal use 56 year year year year year year year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um so um ready to participate in a sting mission for the the the the the the the FBI the past few years on um like okay okay like um the hill had had had had had had had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been I mean I I I I I I I mean okay you know uh okay poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking looking looking looking looking looking looking for something no matter Hubbard thought you know well uh um well well he'd outrun his his his his his his his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play okay so so so so so so so so you know so okay nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and so so so so so so so you know I mean so like you know had I talked a lot about getting getting getting getting getting getting getting out of your mind getting out of the like so okay you know you know know know know know know know like head and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me um um um um um um um I mean you know I mean well well and be at had had had had had had had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights so so so so so so so so um um okay well on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart heart heart heart heart heart heart tuned you know um I mean so um okay in with source and spirit and and and and and and and so it was an amazing conversation it you know uh like I mean um um um um um um um okay was recorded. Quite some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently frequently frequently frequently frequently frequently frequently as okay well like you know you know I mean I would like. So my apologies apologies apologies apologies apologies apologies apologies on that we will return back to you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like like a schedule. I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't know exactly what that schedule is. There's a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a lot of moving moving moving moving moving moving moving okay I mean okay you know like like Parts happening right now. So just just just just just just just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, you know um I mean I I I I I I I mean like well either you'll find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or or or or or or or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post I'll post I'll post I'll post I'll post I'll post I'll post it up there.
Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where um so so so so so so so so so you know you know we chat magic Hot Topics personal development and and and and and and and good old-fashioned light through up something so like well uh I mean like delicious and and and and and and and sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic uh I I I I I I I mean um um okay like on the inside podcast. I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where where where where where where where we aim to I mean uh um um well so help women all over over over over over over over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic in like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay like their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about the uh um um um um um um um um uh okay um world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into into into into into into into some of the most notorious I mean okay you know well like like subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring the most most most most most most most like uh well uh so well fascinating True Crime themes covered across the the the the the the the park cast network. We've collected short I mean okay you know well okay so clips clips clips clips clips clips clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, um um um um um um um uh um well so um like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the the the the the the the True Crime world really is okay like uh I mean you know well you can can can can can can can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to like like like like like like like uh like so uh uh podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be be be be be be be posted in the description so I mean you know um uh like today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the boys boys boys boys boys boys boys you know I mean okay you know so I mean from the back pocket are are are are are are are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we we're so well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast today. Like you said um you know so well like um with mixed Denson the founder founder founder founder founder founder founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but you know I mean um like like like like like like like okay well what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe believe believe believe believe believe believe what this man's I mean okay okay you know um so actual name is is is is is is is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his well you know know know know know know know okay so so well location just a block away for over four years going going going going going going going it to the uh so I mean you know you know okay University of st st st st st st st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I when I when I when I when when when when when when when I when I when I say that we need more voices like so uh like like like like like like like like well in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding holding holding holding holding holding holding fast to I mean well uh like I mean so the Traditions passed down to to to to to to to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding you know like so so well like like like like like like like before our eyes. There are there are there are there are there are there there there there there there there are there are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one well so so so so so so so like so uh okay is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great great great great great great great podcast um you know um okay uh um hosting platform. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a I mean um um uh um you you you you you you you know podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record okay so so so so so so so well I mean uh I mean and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for I mean you know well you you you you you you you know so well you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and and many more you can I mean like like well you know well actually make some money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean like to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the the the the the the the free anchor okay uh like like well um app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent uh okay well uh well okay Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got got got got got got got a lot to talk about this um okay uh um like I mean week starting starting starting starting starting starting starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the so okay I I I I I I I mean so I mean um past week. We got the NFL. We got got got got got got got the beef between James Harden and Giannis well uh I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um antetokounmpo. Yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir sir sir sir sir sir sir yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it. We're going like like like like like like like I mean so well so okay to touch on to attack of a low low low low low low low and possibly the Redskins drafting them so like well I mean well so. All All All All All All All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit okay visit visit visit visit visit visit visit okay visit okay visit okay visit okay visit okay visit okay so so like like like like like like like like um beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to to to to to to to this week, but it's you know uh uh uh uh you know great pests pests pests pests pests pests pests who week of sports the past week as far as been amazing. We okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um okay like uh got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed leBron showed showed showed showed showed showed showed leBron showed leBron showed leBron showed leBron showed leBron showed up big and.
And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire I mean so so so so so so so so okay um well about hiring a room in the village hall for the the the the the the the evening of September the first okay okay um so well well let me just see. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main hall I mean so so so so so so so well uh I mean uh that's got seating for 200 people or there's the the the the the the the Charlton room. Sorry the sorry the sorry the sorry the sorry the sorry the sorry the the the the the the the child sunroom well uh I mean you know you know so CH AR. LT o o o o o o o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, we are like uh I I I I I I I mean um like well organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity charity charity charity charity charity charity and we're hoping okay you know so uh I mean okay for at least a hundred and and and and and and and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable well well so so so you know for work because swearing is encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's uh well um um I I I I I I I mean uh a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Leaky like so so so so so so so you know well you know like nib episode 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have I have not seen you you you you you you you in literal like you know um so you know I mean like a month ago ago ago ago ago ago ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep we keep we keep we keep keep keep keep keep keep keep we keep we keep we keep it uh so okay I mean okay um withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually record In advance and we caught up on all I I I I I I I mean like well um so okay of our episodes. So this so this this this this this this this so this so this so this so this so this will come out out out out out out out actually the week we're recording it. Yes uh so I mean uh uh uh. Yes. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be editing in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean so okay uh you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30 6:30 6:30 6:30 6:30 6:30 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um well uh okay okay Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, very classy it. We're again we're again we're we're we're we're we're we're we're again we're again we're again we're again we're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what what what what what what what um I mean like you know uh you know it means to be a a a a a a a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the okay um so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know mangas and podcast this week. We are we are we are we are are are are are are are we are we are we are so excited to sit down with the the the the the the the authors um like um so okay you know of wild Power Alexander Pope and and and and and and and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it was an amazing conversation filled well okay uh so um like with so so so so so so so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use our like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um um I mean menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow flow flow flow flow flow flow the postpartum void and essentially the Wonder so I mean well uh uh you you you you you you you know Woman complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you you you you you you you about the well um so like you know okay amazing app. I'm using right now now now now now now now. It is called anchor this is the okay like well I mean like uh app. I I I I I I I use I use I use I use I use I use I use to create create create create create create create my podcast and I heard about it from a well you know so like like like like like like like like so friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at at at at at at at first I mean so so you know okay um oh my gosh, I want to do do do do do do do a podcast. But how am I going to okay okay so you know like like like like like like like so do it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I want want want want want want want to you know um uh uh um like ensure that all our voices out out out out out out out here in the Midwest get heard and how okay um well um you know okay do do do do do do do we do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of well well well well well well well you know I mean uh so I mean money, especially when you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know what to do. So she told me so you know like you know well well well well well well well well about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and so so like like like like like like like you know like I mean edit your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your um well uh you know so like podcast for you so so so so so so so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more I mean uh well so so so so so so so you know like and you can make money with your pockets, which is the most most most most most most most amazing thing uh okay okay so um I mean ever with no minimum listenership. So So So So So So So if so if so if so if so if so if so if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to um like okay um I I I I I I I mean okay just do it. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um you know okay okay download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny Sonny England so well uh okay I mean like. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character character character character character character character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab so like well I mean okay so so so so so so so your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to to to to to to to Priority okay so I mean I mean you know so roll. My name is Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan. And today and today and today and today and today and today and today I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined by the one and only Ben Curry you know okay so uh so like like like like like like like to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's really. Weird okay well uh I mean I mean uh listen to you you you you you you you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so is it well well well well well well well well well I mean well um time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I I I I I I I should turn uh uh like I mean I mean um to be like like like like like like like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones at times um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh I mean to you surely want to listen to me, you you you you you you you know, get get the Full Effect um so okay well so like one more in in in in in in in gram or it cram more of me in right? So what we're uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um well gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh uh um need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage damage damage damage damage damage damage. And anyway, okay you know so you know so I mean this is just what I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and well like so so so so so so so like um uh movement really seems to make all the difference which I think think think think think think think is so so um so uh I mean uh cool. Hello, everybody today. We are are are are are are are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients you know well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of of of of of of of mine during our time together I mean well like uh so um. And so so so so so so so today we are going to be having a conversation about her like you know know know know know know know uh like I mean I mean journey that led up to her and and and and and and and I working together where she's at. Now what now what now what now what now now now now now now now what now what now what she okay so you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well likes about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where where where where where where where like um um well so like it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making okay so so so so so so so like well well well Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of of of of of of of worse shit. Yeah, it's um so um you know um I mean usually a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like okay like like like like like like like like like like you know analgesics and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't I can't wait I mean okay um so I mean uh either. I'm gonna see see see see see see see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little uh you you you you you you you know I mean I mean well okay my hole with a little Jesus in in in in in in in there. Yeah. I have all the power say like you know I mean so so so so so so so like um that a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and so um um um um um um um uh um well I mean I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess I mean you know um so well um we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the you know know know know know know know like like like like like news and I think the bigger story which we thought was was was was was was was kind of entertaining was you know well you know uh like like Donald Trump and Modi Modi Modi Modi Modi Modi Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, I mean well I I I I I I I mean you know okay uh yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, there, there, there, there, there, there, I mean, you know uh well okay like um okay look before we These I know know know know know know know everyone like beats up on Trump all okay you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to to to to to to to be boring um so like you know uh like right now. I want want want want want want want I want I want I want I want I want I want to hear about about about about about about about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously okay like like well you know okay like this this this this this this this is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie like like like like like like like I mean okay you know okay so names and stuff. You're talking about about about about about about about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I um okay so you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which which which which which which which okay um okay like you know um is good. I mean who's having a a a a a a a leave the most unqualified person to talk um um well um um you know know know know know know know about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um well um like you so much for checking out our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast really hope that today's teaching in you know um okay I mean I mean um carriages. You You You You You You You inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go I mean well well well well well well well okay uh like well check out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would would would would would would would really Define who we are like okay okay you know okay I mean as a a a a a a a church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity you know know know know know know know I mean I mean I mean you know so to encourage you and challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco something uh okay you know know know know know know know uh so I mean in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on on on on on on on. I believe we are you know um well okay so um going somewhere and we are are are are are are are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to be in um um well well well well well well well so you know okay our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this this this this episode okay I mean I mean um uh you know includes discussions of of of of of of of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution okay so so so so so so so okay I mean uh like for children under 13. It was a cold and and and and and and and rainy January night in 1968 in like you know so uh well so a low low low low low low low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson a pretty 19 year old uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know I mean I mean so woman made her way up a dimly dimly dimly dimly dimly dimly dimly lit Street weighed down by the heavy um um you know you know I mean like like like like like like like carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking looking looking looking looking looking looking for okay so you know so I mean well Sunshine and an easy West West West West West West West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless days of gloomy weather and uh I mean like like like like like like like you know so like a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm talking so okay well well um um with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at at at at at at at Cupertino High School and a well so I mean uh so you know national euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was she was was was was was was was she was she was she was she was she was selected as the uh like like like like like like like I mean uh uh you know principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior Junior Junior Junior Junior Junior Junior High at All-State honor band in 2018 so okay well so okay like choose accept into into into into into into into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of the I I I I I I I mean okay like okay you know like top high school euphonium players in California. Most Most Most Most Most Most Most recently Natalie has been accepted into the HonorBound um well um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer Natalie's Natalie's Natalie's Natalie's Natalie's Natalie's Natalie's placed second in uh uh uh I mean you know so the student division of of of of of of of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo competition so well I mean well like like like like like like like okay. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's life which which which which which which which has well um okay so I mean well 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made made made made made with only like well well um okay I mean the freshest milk and cream. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your so I mean okay like um um um um um um um okay morning Bagel. Now where now where now where now where now where now now now now now now now where now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like uh I mean you know debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy easy easy easy easy easy easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear uh uh like um like so perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by by by by by by by Roger okay I mean I mean well like I mean Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and and and and and and and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines so like um okay so you you you you you you you know is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this episode of the hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest uh um so um okay like take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. It is the airline of the uh like well um uh you know know know know know know know people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like like like like like like like so well like uh so um to encourage all of you to download the free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor well well you know well so okay Todd FM FM FM FM FM FM FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I I I I I I I well um well like well well did not know, you know publishing podcast was so so so so so so so easy. If I if I if I if I if I if I if if if if if if if I had only known so you know well so so um it like five ten years years years years years years years before early because all I need to do is like like you know well well well well well well well okay uh download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post post post post post post post and so uh like you know you know so anchor will do all the job for me me me me me me me. It will it will it will it will it will it will it will publish publish publish publish publish publish publish it in all like so I mean so well you know the major major major major major major major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know like not need to do anything else. So this is just just just just just just just too awesome guys. You also I mean um well okay I mean like need to to to to to to to make use of it. If you have a message if you have so you know know know know know know know okay well you know like some come content, which you feel that needs to to to to to to to reach out to the world or simply you know you know uh uh so so so so so so so I mean want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone welcome well you know um like so well back to my shoes podcast. So So So So So So So this log is a little bit late. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is the log on my Agatha.
Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the one Bitcoin show uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean you know okay so. Today is March the 5th 20/20 20/20 20/20 20/20 20/20 20/20 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is the Bitcoin you know you know well well well well well well well well like so in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about you know like um you know you know uh that today Relentless. This is your your your your your your your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you a a a a a a a little um like I mean I mean I mean okay bit today about some some some some some some some happen to me the other day and they've asked me if um um um um um um um um um you know well okay I tell you about it just because it kind of of of of of of of changed my life. I think it'll you know like well you know you know you you you you you you you know change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts life changed everybody's life life life life life life life so you know like well I mean so. So I was down at My My My My My My My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I walked I mean uh I mean um uh like in in in in in in in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't working right well so okay okay okay uh and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I I I I I I I was doing two skaters kind of stupid and I mean you know so like like like like like like like so uh he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to to to to to to to tell you want uh um uh so uh uh to take a seat right right right right right right right there. Tie a tie a tie a tie a tie a tie a tie tie tie tie tie tie tie a seat right there. He said I want so I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know to tell you about something that I found out they if if if if if if if you haven't heard you know um okay okay uh I mean about it. I I I I I I I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says it's called anchor and um so so so so so so so so okay I mean uh it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I I I I I I I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This This This This This This This is you know okay um you know I mean uh Charles Murphy hanging out as as as as as as as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got you know okay um um um um um um um you know so like a couple of a couple cool things to talk about about about about about about about including a an I mean uh okay so okay okay interesting scoop on Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and uh like so so so so so so so so so you know see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is is is is is is is going on um uh okay uh so uh still saying The coronavirus care still happening, happening, happening, happening, happening, happening, happening, but we're still standing here. So let's so let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's so let's so let's fucking okay um like like well well do do do do do do do this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is uh um um um um um um um um uh well so an interesting one and something I've been working on for a while. Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously you I mean you know well I mean well you know guys that have been been been been been been been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian okay you know well okay so I I I I I I I mean for season Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the the the the the the the um okay um like you know okay business of getting Star Wars scoops of of of of of of of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want I want I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want to make sure we know that this.
Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs um um um um um um um so you know so so I mean 13 11. I read I read I read I I I I I I I read I read I read I read a story recently about a 24 year old who who who who who who who went okay I mean like like like so to visit a financial planner the financial financial financial financial financial financial financial planner asked to see her spending habits uh well you know uh well you you you you you you you know the author of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions in a couple so I mean uh you know you know like of of of of of of of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She so so so so so so so so okay well like I mean really loved to save money that realization helped her her her her her her her get past Financial anxiety and helped her to I mean okay um well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each which each which each each each each each each each which each which each which each which each lasted about an hour they discussed you you you you you you you know like well um uh well her background shared screens to look at a monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly monthly credit card statement and well I mean um well you know okay addressed goals for for for for for for for the week. The financial the financial the financial the financial the financial the financial financial financial financial financial financial financial the financial accountability was intended to help her um uh like well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is so so so so so so so so okay um you know you know full of wise advice on how to handle and and and and and and and how to view Money In fact so you know I mean so I mean um money money money money money money money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean uh you know so heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from from from from from from from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career career career career career career career paths creative Endeavors and so I mean like so like okay the every evasive multi-hyphenate multi-hyphenate multi-hyphenate multi-hyphenate multi-hyphenate multi-hyphenate multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The Road Less Traveled to uh well well well well well well well uh I mean um you know find your passion and purpose while navigating the the the the the the the hurdles and Hoops. We all jump through you know okay um um like um on on on on on on on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host Athena Calderone author interior well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh so um designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist stylist stylist stylist stylist stylist stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that um I mean well okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh sound like an insanely long list of things to do? Well it is and okay um um um um um um um so you know okay so that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going to to to to to to to be sitting so so so okay so like down with another multi - it whom whom whom whom whom whom whom I admired deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked sucked sucked sucked sucked sucked sucked a you know I mean uh well um um lot beaches? You can't hope to to to to to to to control we talked about peace and you um uh I mean um okay I mean kill cuz cuz cuz cuz cuz cuz cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like I mean be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
Is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast mechanically strong strong strong strong strong strong strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments you know like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But But But But But But But I guess okay okay okay I mean well uh that's cool Gary research keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal so uh you know well well well well well well well like so experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity so well um I mean um um case at page Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the the the the the the the views and opinions discussed well uh uh uh so so in the podcast. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the okay uh okay so so so so so so so okay well producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because Because Because Because Because Because Because the because the because the because the because the because the because the the the the the the the cell kumarangiri or well so like you know uh well Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a a a a a a a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me like like uh I mean um okay explain it's free. There's a creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and I mean like I mean like well well well well well well well okay edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your your your your your your your I mean I mean uh so okay so podcast for you. So So So So So So So it so it so it so it so it so it so it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many um um I mean uh well I mean more more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship well well like like like like like like like well okay okay is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download download download download download download download the free so uh so you know um so ankle up or good Echo the the the the the the the FM to get started. Hi, this is okay okay um well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you you you you you you you about uh like um okay um I mean money, but not just money wealth means means means means means means means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology love Theology love Theology love Theology love Theology love love love love love love love Theology love Theology and so so uh you know so like health because I I I I I I I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have uh um so so so so so so so uh I mean like in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life life life life life life life your professional well like well um uh okay life spiritually emotionally your relationships and and and and and and and all that good stuff. I get I get I get I get I get I get I get so many questions from people.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the the the the the the the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that um um like well well well well well well well you know so the word of God you can seem to be dying light light light light light light light and it will be priced um okay uh okay okay uh. This is this is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is episode number 12 to this this this this this this this word will be read from John 15 verses you know I mean okay like like like like like like like okay okay 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have so have have have have have have have so have so have so have so have so have I Loved You Now remain okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh well I mean I mean in my love. If you keep keep keep keep keep keep keep my commands, you will remain in my love just like you know well well well well well well well you know well I mean as I have kept my father's commands and and and and and and and remain in his love I have told you you know okay okay you know you you you you you you you know uh this so that my joy may be in you and that your joy joy joy joy joy joy joy may well well so uh um well be complete. My command my command my my my my my my my command my command my command my command my command is this love each other other other other other other other as I have loved like uh uh uh okay well you greater love has has has has has has has no one than this to lay down one's life for As I mean well well well well well well well okay so so okay friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I you know okay so so so so so so so so you know like want to thank you for your support and listening to to to to to to to each episode and I hope you well well so um like you know enjoy this this this this this this this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know I mean um you know okay so. It's totally free that's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your okay I mean well you know know know know know know know um okay podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you know like okay you know uh like. So you so you so you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you can be heard on Spotify up up up up up up up a podcast Google podcast and many like well so okay uh um more you you you you you you you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you so you know uh I I I I I I I mean uh you know need to make a successful podcast download the free. God will will will will will will will go to Anchor FM to okay I mean you know like um uh get started started started started started started started. Hey, what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in in in in in in in you know I mean like so so okay the book one that mankind has has has has has has has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um you know and one that I think every single human human human human human human human being comes face-to-face with individually at you know uh you know okay uh like some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I I I I I I I am um you know like you know uh okay use of Muhammad formerly known as as as as as as as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I'm doing good well so well well well well well well well you know you know so. What are you guys saying? My name my name my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name is Holly. I'm with formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly known as your you know uh uh I mean like well Hawaii's favorite. That's what what what what what what what I'm trying to say to you is go ahead. And uh okay well you you you you you you you know okay well anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired aired aired aired aired aired aired on okay so like okay okay uh YouTube. So the so the so the the the the the the the so the so the so the so the used to be a visual visual visual visual visual visual visual element. There is not any more. This okay you know so so um uh is is is is is is is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're maybe you're maybe you're maybe you're maybe you're you're you're you're you're you're you're maybe you're maybe you're out walking the dog or driving well well well you know know know know know know know like well the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This This This This This This This is why uh like uh so um like this audio version exists. If you you you you you you you like us doing this, please do leave us um so uh like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get into into into into into into into this I mean well um like well like episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a so so like like well well well well well well well you know wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence influence influence influence influence influence influence of Walt Disney on you know so well I mean okay so today's popular popular popular popular popular popular popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You I mean uh uh you you you you you you you know so like could love him. You can hate him or you can love to to to to to to to hate um um so well okay like him but you simply cannot ignore his his his his his his his work Walt Disney once famously said that um you know well okay well well well well well well well okay laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel travel travel travel travel travel travel and like I mean well you know um uh transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
The Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay I I I I I I I mean um well well uh okay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying conversation which included her reading I mean I mean you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both both both both both both both well I mean uh you know so you know fans of the show and alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation so uh well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat I I I I I I I mean um I mean uh well well it too with one trending post led led led led led led led by user and ingenious username saying how uh well so so I mean um the the the the the the the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show like you know um um um um um um um okay you know so taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The The The The The The The Bachelor like so like I mean like like show Runners are producers take any accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments well um okay um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain villain villain villain villain villain villain. You well you well you well you well you well you well you well well well well well well well you know well well uh you know can't guarantee an engagement or a happily happily happily happily happily happily happily ever after but every single season there will be you know so like um um um um um um um well you know multiple villains. Another user another user another user another user another another another another another another another user another user another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her her her her her her her so okay um like okay uh about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here um so so so so so so so okay so um okay at College Christian church for the college age. And today we we we we we we we are talking about emotions you know I mean well um I mean you know know know know know know know or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you you you you you you you doing? um so I mean I mean I mean I mean Girl? I'm doing so so so so so so so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor well well uh well well well well well well well okay like is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our our our our our our our theme for so uh you know uh well like today's podcast with Taylor, where where where where where where where do you think that journey of loneliness started so okay well so okay I mean with with with with with with with you? It started in high school. I could I could I could I could could could could could could could I could I could I could see it sprouting, but I had a good like like like like like like like you know well uh like I mean Community there, but it really started to take take take take take take take effect my first year I mean okay you know so like okay in college definitely hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came came came came came came came so um okay I mean uh well about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Southern I go to Missouri like um like so well um Southern but I I I I I I I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make uh so well so uh you know a podcast and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's actually made it very easy for me to provide you like well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow like I mean okay I mean so um me to record and edit my my my my my my my podcast right from my phone computer you know okay you know um uh so. You You You You You You You may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor so so so so so so so um so uh okay well made it very easy for me to distribute my my my my my my my Bob cast right from my so well okay like well you know phone. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the the the the the the the Gospel um okay like uh um well reading from today's mass and then then then then then then then we're going to try and provide an exegesis um you know okay I mean you you you you you you you know well of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from from from from from from from Matthew chapter 5 you know like uh like well uh verse 43 to 48 48 48 48 48 48 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it was I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um so you know said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy enemy enemy enemy enemy enemy enemy. But I say this you know okay like I mean well I mean to to to to to to to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this this this this this this this okay like okay so you know you know way. You will be sons sons sons sons sons sons sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his um um um uh like like like like like like like I mean sun to rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f f f f f f f m I mean I mean uh um well you know. Anchor is a podcast creation creation creation creation creation creation creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything like okay you know um like like like like like like like uh you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of of of of of of of the major so uh like so okay okay channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and and and Google podcasts free of charge you can make like uh okay uh okay like money money money money money money money with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the download the download download download download download download download the download the download the download the download the anchor app I mean um so well well well well well well well uh okay or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy with like like like uh well so poles and some killed her today today today today today today today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of two birds okay you know well well well well well well well like well uh the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt gooley I mean you know so so like um the representative for two birds birds birds birds birds birds birds stay tuned to the end for a song by like um uh like you you you you you you you know well brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at at at at at at at Freddy when okay I mean uh you know I mean I mean polls at at at at at at at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on so um um um um um um um um so well um tap from two birds and we go through the episode and and and and and and and we try and have I mean uh like so um you know know know know know know know a taste of all of them. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two two two two two two two episodes well uh uh well uh um on Michelle Carter from the crimes crimes crimes crimes crimes crimes crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad Roy so um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her her her her her her her mind and then encouraged him uh uh um well well like to commit suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did the medication well so so so so so so so so well I mean um she was taking effect her behavior to hear more more more more more more more about So it's like uh like like uh like you know this follow Crimes of of of of of of of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts like uh well well well well well well well okay you know you know. Due to due to due to due to due to due due due due due due due to due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode I mean well well uh so you know includes discussions of violence and suicidal suicidal suicidal suicidal suicidal suicidal suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
Beaver thought beaver thought beaver thought beaver thought beaver thought beaver thought beaver thought thought thought thought thought thought thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have you know so so so so so so so so like like um one word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to to to to to to to start and make a podcast well you know like I mean well um. I'll explain I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll explain I'll explain I'll explain I'll explain I'll explain I'll explain you see with anchor you have have have have have have have creation tools available to you that allow you so you know so so okay you know know know know know know know to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer okay like um okay I I I I I I I mean well. And once and once and once and once and once and once once once once once once once and once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too too too too too too too um like so I mean so so many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify. And it's that easy now not uh uh so okay so you know only is is is is is is is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible uh um I I I I I I I mean uh I mean so for you to make money talking about the things things things things things things things that you love with no um like I mean I mean okay I I I I I I I mean minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too too too too too too too good to be so you know you know um so you know true. How How How How How How How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready for this well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay well zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and like like like like like like like like like well okay um Channing show. So I so I so I so I I I I I I I so I so I so I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here here here here here here here. Maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's just just just just just just just okay so like I mean okay so beginner podcaster faux pas. But what but what what what what what what what but what but what but what but what but what about all the people people people people people people people who aren't listening in the morning? Good okay you know uh okay like like like like like like like okay night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that. Does Does Does Does Does Does Does it - no okay you know like you know you know okay Jay, whatever time time time time time time time of day that you are listening to our little podcast. We say thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks I mean okay well uh you know uh for coming back Corey. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for listening for the first time. We're so like like okay um um really really really really really really really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you hit hit hit hit hit hit hit play well um so um so so Hey for all of you that haven't done this this this this this this this already. We'd love for you to well you know okay I mean um well subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do that wherever you're okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so you know um uh listening this morning, you can follow us on on on on on on on Instagram. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got got got got got got got we've got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a 30 like so so so so so so so okay so you know so day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over over over over over over over a hundred eighty thousand titles you know like I mean okay um well well well well well well well to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so well you know get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute minute minute minute minute minute minute to talk to you know I mean uh you know um so you about about about about about about about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode uh you you you you you you you know so like you know I mean 34 of Adventures in autism. She is is is is is is is she is she is she is she is she is she is an an an an an an an Autism sibling who created this amazing okay like I mean I mean uh so so so so so so so interactive web app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean I mean I mean needs to make friends based on age interest interest interest interest interest interest interest diagnosis and geographic location parents uh like you know you know well so and caregivers caregivers caregivers caregivers caregivers caregivers caregivers can also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out out out out out out out our podcast host so I mean well you know so okay many of you might already already already already already already already know that we record each episode using anchor, but if you know you know um you you you you you you you know well I mean you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to to to to to to to know. It's the easiest most okay um I mean I mean like okay efficient way way way way way way way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with with with with with with with no like I mean you know well you know I mean minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you to um so you know know know know know know know um okay okay record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor distributes so um you know so well so your podcast for you you you you you you you. That you that you that you that you that you that you that that that that that that that you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms and well well well well well well well you know so like well well the best part is it's free. It's everything you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in like like okay um um uh one one one one one one one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app or or or or or or or you know well well okay I mean you know go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f m-- and get started today. Why is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is it is it is it is is is is is is is it is it is it is Friday, March 6 well so so okay so I I I I I I I mean we witness nor Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank thank thank thank thank thank thank and thank and thank and thank and thank and thank and thank God I I I I I I I mean you know like um well you know. I don't know about you guys. But But But But But But But those but those but those but those but those but those but those those those those those those those those last couple of podcasts leading up to well like you know know know know know know know like so okay pre-spring and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something something something something something something something give me something to uh so uh um I mean well work with and and and and and and and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering so like so you you you you you you you know um you know August questions in February. I know I know I know know know know know know know I know I know I know I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested interested interested interested interested interested interested in I mean well I mean uh you know um that stuff and That's That's That's That's That's That's That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under like uh like like like like like like like well you know well our belt we can talk about that will talk extensively extensively extensively extensively extensively extensively extensively about that. I want to start uh you know like okay okay okay with with with with with with with the in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well I mean like like yesterday of the guys that stood out out out out out out out to you and I put out a list like you know I mean I mean you you you you you you you know okay this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought yesterday well you know uh so like well and I we were pretty comparable there especially at at at at at at at safety check out your list, but well uh um well so you know but but but but but but but Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this this this this this this this um I mean um well well um podcast. I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being being being being being being being restored to life uh okay um well okay okay again through stories testimonies and and and and and and and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of okay uh uh like um um um um um um um um the time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody you know know know know know know know um so so so um today. I have my good friend will with me me me me me me me on the show. What up, he I mean like like um um like like like like like like like is from Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right right right right right right right um I mean so you know you know uh. But today we're just going to to to to to to to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian um so like I mean like like like like like like like you know world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just just just just just just just tell so um so I mean uh I mean me a little bit about about about about about about about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for for for for for for for the reflection of my I mean okay okay um you know um view view view view view view view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously in the the the the the the the Merit okay okay like I mean okay okay sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, Simcha, Simcha, Simcha, Simcha, Simcha, Simcha, but Sophia will be myth karev to her okay okay okay I mean uh like proper. She She She She She She She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable age. And so so so so so so so so I mean I mean um uh as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving memory and Lena I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um okay you know shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but but but but but but but the key a cold brew is dedicated in well um you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch them out for for for for for for for okay um so uh okay you know my in maruyama attack that sponsored by by by by by by by don't have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit well so uh well well well well well well well I mean I mean a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked it survey survey survey survey survey survey survey the pursuit tells us you know so um um you know so and you you you you you you you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was like well well well well well well well well uh I mean like asking this is a clinic. This is Aztec Aztec Aztec Aztec Aztec Aztec Aztec basketball. What's up as tech um um so you know uh you know know know know know know know fans? Welcome to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be I'll be be be be be be be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be your host. I'm uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh like um um um um um um um uh you know uh not joined by anybody today as has become custom just just just just just just just because of scheduling things uh you know okay okay uh you know. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like I've said today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over you know know know know know know know uh uh I mean like well the course of the week to come up with with with with with with with things that I wanted to talk I mean okay um you know know know know know know know I mean so about. And you know, I woke up this morning and I still still still still still still still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're your hosts so okay you know okay I mean well. I'm Erica and and and and and and and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys about the Florence um well so I I I I I I I mean um you know hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case case case case case case case suggestion by a apple so uh so uh I mean okay podcast reviewer Lele blue blue blue blue blue blue blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and leaving a I mean like I I I I I I I mean uh you know so comment for us and we're excited to share share share share share share share this case with you support yourselves um okay I mean so so um a strong strong strong strong strong strong strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so like a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get get get get get get get her nails uh um um well like I mean done. Her appointment was at at at at at at at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
There were there were there were there were there were there were there were were were were were were were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you how I I I I I I I mean so uh so like uh the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup cup cup cup cup cup cup of murder. Sometimes it takes I mean well okay I mean uh so years years years years years years years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well uh I mean well who would eventually be tried for the murder of a a a a a a a single woman. It would take years I mean like I mean um um um for for for for for for for police to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator agator agator agator agator agator agator agator agator agator agator agator agator well so so like you know well who got the the the the the the the DNA he needed. So if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if so if you like your coffee hot, but your well I mean I mean like like like like like like like so I mean bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup cup cup cup cup cup cup of murder well um okay so you know uh on May 6th. 1986 21 1986 1986 1986 1986 1986 1986 1986 21 1986 21 1986 21 1986 21 1986 21 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside well so um okay uh uh of her, Texas Apartment Apartment Apartment Apartment Apartment Apartment Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as uh okay um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, first, first, first, first, first, first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, let I I I I I I I mean you know well like um well me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way way way way way way way to make a so uh uh so like okay podcast. Let me explain first. It's free free free free free free free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation so I mean okay you know know know know know know know okay like tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your you know I mean so you know like so phone or computer and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going so going so going so going going going going going going going so going so going so going to okay like well so like okay be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on like so so so so so so so so um well like growing and you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's so I mean I mean um okay well everything you need need need need need need need. Need to need to need to need to need to need to need to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. So get started today start like uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like your podcast get your voice out there download the free anchor app app app app app app app or go to well like uh so um you know Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get get started and now a word about Spotify well you know I mean like well you you you you you you you know on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even even even even even even even uh so like you know I mean uh podcasts about artists all in one place place place place place place place for free. You don't even need a premium account you know um well so so so so so so so um well Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the the the the the the the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of of of of of of of my you know okay I mean well I mean you know beach hats. How are are are are are are are you guys doing today? I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I hope I hope you had a good day like okay you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except it's it's it's it's it's it's it's I mean I mean uh uh okay so on earbuds. So we got to like like like like like like like pass it to each other. You're some like that's you know um you know know know know know know know uh um um that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've got got got got got got got some great I mean you know I mean like uh you know stuff in store store store store store store store for you. We have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have we have a stick listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second second second second second second second to talk so um um okay I mean like about anchor if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let so um um um um um um um um like so um me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to record and uh okay um like like uh edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or computer. Anchor will distribute your like so um uh you know so podcast for you so so so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more so I mean like like like like like like like um so I mean you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership and it's everything well so well um so you know you need to make a a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or um uh well uh um um um um um um um uh go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going to to to to to to to love um well like I mean so like this one? I put I put put put put put put put I put I put I put I put I put out so much content that if if if if if if if you listen to my uh okay um okay so well stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you you you you you you you um like like so um well by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors a podcast you know well uh like like like hosting and distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what uh so so so so so so so okay uh well okay it is. It's definitely it's definitely it's definitely it's definitely it's definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely it's definitely it's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find find find find find find find out uh well I mean well uh like anchor will help you distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms you know okay well uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. It also has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast like um so so so so so so so you know well so right from a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you you you you you you you need to have a nice uh I mean like okay you know well podcast all all all all all all all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor so um um I I I I I I I mean so uh app or go to Anchor or FM to get started. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's up, Michael? How's it going? you know you know you know you know you know know know know know know know you know you know you know uh you know like you know Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, bro, I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for doing this for you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um well me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom so um well well well uh wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to Brandy is going to okay so I mean uh uh um hell and today today today today today today today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of uh you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so Raven I with us but before we hop into that, I just just just just just just just wanted to go okay okay so uh well like over I sold myself short on on on on on on on the last episode about my romantic capabilities well um well I mean um um um um um um um um. I think I came up on the last. Episode saying episode saying episode episode episode episode episode episode episode saying episode saying episode saying episode saying episode saying that I don't remember what I I I I I I I got you know okay so uh uh well. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that that that that that that that I write thoughtful cards out, okay I mean okay um so like but I personally personally personally personally personally personally personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like so well okay cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves loves loves loves loves loves loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts hearts hearts hearts hearts hearts hearts all over the boxes. So dope so dope so dope so dope so dope so dope so dope after you listen.
Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know so so to guide to get stronger bulletproofing training against against against against against against against injury and build resilient so uh um uh I mean I mean bodies for for for for for for for life and racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we um well so um um um um um um um I mean well bring the most interesting and accomplished guests and speakers to to to to to to to inspire you and keep you uh okay uh so I mean well entertained entertained entertained entertained entertained entertained entertained on those long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and and and and and and and okay well well I mean so um a certified nutrition and weightlifting coach coach coach coach coach coach coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter well okay like I mean like you you you you you you you know physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebookcom facebookcom facebookcom facebookcom facebookcom facebookcom facebookcom. Slash and like I mean well uh uh I mean draw stronger and and and and and and and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join like like like you you you you you you you know I mean um our Facebook Community by clicking visit group on our page and sending sending sending sending sending sending sending us a I mean I mean well like like okay member of West if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well well so on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
Welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone to to to to to to to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may so so like like like like like like like so you know I mean ask that is my best friend since the second second second second second second second grade when I was seven years I mean um um like so okay old Nate nasty nasty nasty nasty nasty nasty nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well well Ace Qbert Boos. Oh the oh the oh the oh the oh oh oh oh oh oh oh the oh the oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I I I I I I I like well well well um uh assure you I'm going to tell you you you you you you you those stories from all over. The years but okay so uh so you you you you you you you know uh the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh well okay has a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like like like like like like like three four weeks at so so you know uh you know well a time or or or or or or or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad okay you know know know know know know know like uh so um boy moments. I'm talking six months to a year. This man can can can can can can can disappear at times. He uh he uh he uh he uh he uh he uh uh uh uh uh uh uh he uh you know like okay okay I mean has a lot of stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are to so like like like like like like like okay um so you know business owners looking for a better way in in in in in in in business and life this week you know so uh you know so you know. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're looking for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so um I mean starting so you know what? I'm really glad we decided decided decided decided decided decided decided to look at uh um I mean um uh like this book this week week week week week week week because I like I just went to revisit it a wee I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so uh um okay bit and I realized so much of this stuff. I I I I I I I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't realize I was was was was was was was doing since well okay okay you know like um I read this book, but it it it it it it it kind of just there so intuitive they just so you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well kind of made their way into my routine because I was aware of of of of of of of you know um you know so I mean you know a way to do do do do do do do things better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um like this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use you you you you you you you know uh so like well okay it. I know I don't even think we get get get get get get get past the Faustian and well well like like okay you know right so hello. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I I I I I I I thought I thought the voice of God um so uh uh well uh special guest guest guest guest guest guest guest for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are I I I I I I I mean okay um like like well you here for the title of the the the the the the the show some Pisco rational brought up but um um uh um so um English English English English English English English on the translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our our our our our our our like okay uh you know uh well guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who you are and and and and and and and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating okay like uh okay uh um Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So So So So So So So stick so stick so stick so stick so stick so stick so stick around around around around around around around when I I mean you know okay well like so was a kid kid kid kid kid kid kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like so so 14 years old. I was I was I was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was having a tough time making a a a a a a a decision on whether I like so I mean um like you know wanted to to to to to to to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was like like like like like like like I mean um um so so a trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the the the the the the the community I mean so okay like so well of Legends of runeterra. This episode this this this this this this this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is supported by by by by by by by listeners like you to well um so okay uh so become a supporter of Legends Legends Legends Legends Legends Legends Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do let's do let's do let's do let's let's let's let's let's let's let's do let's do let's do this so you know like well uh okay. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and you you you you you you you know you know um well so I mean the community of the legends of runeterra. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one of your host Mark looks or um so like well well I mean the the the the the the the lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know so so um is a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead dead dead dead dead dead dead unfortunately dead unfortunately dead unfortunately dead unfortunately dead unfortunately dead unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could could could could could could could not well I mean um uh well okay get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
Really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, we we we we we we we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like you know so um all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for for for for for for for free without a premium account uh I mean well okay okay well Spotify has a a a a a a a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can uh okay well well well well well well well so um I mean follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium premium premium premium premium premium premium users can download episodes you know uh uh like okay like to listen to offline offline offline offline offline offline offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your so uh you know know know know know know know so okay well friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be be be be be be be sure to download the okay um um uh uh so Spotify app search for Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your well um you know know know know know know know uh okay like library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss miss miss miss miss miss miss an episode um okay okay well well well of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health Health Health Health Health Health Health daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep I mean um uh I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And And And And And And And uh I mean I mean I mean you know um I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric I I I I I I I mean uh well okay I mean like traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section section section section section section section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are okay um I mean like uh I I I I I I I mean usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than than than than than than than 10 I mean so well um well like years of age treatment is urgent closed closed closed closed closed closed closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction may be like well uh you know so so so so so so so like required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these injuries are are are are are are are I mean uh so you know you know you know traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of of of of of of of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are uh like uh uh you know know know know know know know well more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are more common common common common common common common okay okay like uh you know so than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism mechanism mechanism mechanism mechanism mechanism mechanism of injury in patients aged less than you know uh you know so okay okay 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports injury or a trip and and and and and and and fall so uh well so so okay the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The The The The The The The Unlucky at well like okay um like um lap record, but it's fun time with you you you you you you you. See for forward Tyler did all um well okay okay uh I mean that that that that that that that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the the the the the the the you know well so well so like unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world world world world world world world. He didn't have any rainbows on the uh uh um so um uh island island island island island island island. So if so if so if so if so if so if so if there were no no no no no no no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph uh like like like like like like like uh I mean um I mean podcast. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with with with with with with with us on this Tuesday well like well you know you know like. For those those those those those those those of you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before like you you you you you you you know I mean I mean so so and there were some major major news dropped today today today today today today today and I'm sure you know about it okay uh well so well you know know know know know know know. I don't know how much time you've had to think about this but this you know know know know know know know I mean uh um so well is a new story that really does impact your your your your your your your life a lot stuff. So uh I mean okay like so well I I I I I I I think it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette okay like okay uh uh okay it is about the new baby. I figured we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm um I mean I mean um um I I I I I I I mean glad this up actually did as much research. You looked you looked you you you you you you you looked you looked you looked you looked you looked into it to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay okay like um find out what her deal was and her deal deal deal deal deal deal deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most most most most most most most Sinister um um I mean uh you know um. I cannot defile seems a a a a a a a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to uh uh you know you know know know know know know know so so buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't you you you you you you you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't need this right here here here here here here here so uh so well you know okay. I promise you you want the Moon just say say say say say say say the word and I'll so so well um well um throw a lasso around. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, this this this this this this this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on like like I mean okay um um um um um um um okay what you're about to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's who's who's who's who's who's who's a you know okay like uh so I mean teacher At Crutchfield Nations Nations Nations Nations Nations Nations Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh okay asked Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills kills kills kills kills kills kills it it's uh I mean okay well um well really good talks about core core core core core core core values talks about how important those are and how vital uh like um well you you you you you you you know I mean it is to know what your core values are so you you you you you you you can create culture within your like you know so um okay you know team within within within within within within within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to to to to to to to um uh so well like okay give you an urgent Flamingo update. On On On On On On On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent Hi, uh you know you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um like well I mean Natural History. You heard her on our do not not not not not not not underestimate the flamingo episode where well I mean okay so okay like we outline outline outline outline outline outline outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're so so so so so so so like uh um so well pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate you taking our urgent call today today today today today today today. Sure. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I don't uh I mean uh well uh um know if you're on social media, media, media, media, media, media, media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has been a okay you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It It It It It It It was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it it it it it it it was, you um you know like I mean you know um know brought to to to to to to to my attention by a few people. It looks it looks it looks it looks it it it it it it it looks it looks it looks like a picture I mean like well okay uh so so so so so so so from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos Menounos Menounos Menounos Menounos Menounos Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome um okay okay well well well well well well well like okay to the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell yell yell yell yell yell yell um you know uh like so well Segal. I'm here with Taylor Gates. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, you are. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your she LL. Oh and uh uh so I mean so so you're you're you're you're you're you're you're the CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you know like you know okay I mean uh it's great. If you if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't joined us us us us us us us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of time you know um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so that if you find yourself in a situation where you need need need need need need need help, please reach I mean okay uh well okay um out to rain. They They They They They They They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six you know I mean um um um um um um um like I mean well seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
With traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with with with with with with with traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession possession possession possession possession possession possession whatever your budget or family require. There's so there's so there's so there's so so so so so so so there's so there's so there's so uh okay so like um a car car car car car car car out there. You'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love love love love love love love you'll love we're here to help you find it. I'm um I'm um I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um okay uh well so well Todd. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so you know know know know know know know okay well so I mean um happy for you that you got the Lotus Lotus Lotus Lotus Lotus Lotus Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're so like okay okay well uh happy for me. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars sports cars sports cars cars cars cars cars cars cars sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars okay I mean okay okay well like like like like like like like in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly okay I mean you know uh uh uh I last started it the day after after after after after after after Christmas because I had to get you know well well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh it out of the garage and having some work done start start start start start start start start. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying to to to to to to to so okay uh um well I mean wrap my head around this you started it it it it it it it last night started was the day after Christmas uh well so so well well well well well well well like. So that's been like what three months as of this report. Last time time time time time time time. It moved um uh okay well like um was a month before that. Oh my gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh. So the tires by the uh I mean uh uh so um way, where there's there's there's there's there's there's there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh okay a heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay um well you know hard and a husband here with my friend friend friend friend friend friend friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe well okay you know I mean um so so so so so so so it or not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of of of of of of of the uh I mean so you know you know so Daleks 64 our last last last last last last last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo um I mean so I I I I I I I mean okay so today. We thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really really really really really really really just part I mean uh so okay I mean like of an unload we we we we we we we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean like well well well well well well well I mean well you know so from some of its insights will start with a a a a a a a murabbi oven which is Really um uh okay um uh like the first topic that's that's that's that's that's that's that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash I mean I I I I I I I mean um um well uh to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha Asha Asha Asha Asha Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based so okay okay like uh well practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on on on on on on on Twitter is Netter. Just talking you know I mean I mean so well well well well well well well so to teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the you know know know know know know know uh I mean like um uh teacher development trusts and now proudly sponsored by John John John John John John John Kat educational. So we have you know so well okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a strip Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts trusts trusts trusts trusts trusts trusts section or um I mean I mean I mean uh I mean the usual usual usual usual usual usual usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film um so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean and books. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back back back back back back back to feature um you know so well uh so me and the wonderful ormer ormer ormer ormer ormer ormer ormer Akbar in conversation. And the and the and the and the and the the the the the the the and the and the reason for this strict back podcast um like well um um um um um um um I mean you know is that I'm recording especially early in the week this this this this this this this week because I have well uh okay you know well I mean just been recording recording recording recording recording recording recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes well, well, well, well, well, well, well, sometimes well, sometimes well, sometimes well, sometimes well, sometimes well, sometimes you well uh well well well well well well well uh so well like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got you know I mean you know you know I mean so the podcast for for for for for for for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we try I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh um like uh to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and and and and and and and silliness theological and comical. Hey, if hey, if hey, if hey, if hey, if if if if if if if hey, if hey, if I mean like well I mean okay you know you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know like you know you know so you know um. We're just kidding about that. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, so I mean uh you you you you you you you know like you know I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low low low low low low low blow but um okay you know I mean uh um we don't have have have have have have have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay um and Chris Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, which ever one well you know you know well you know okay sounds better better better better better better better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm uh uh I I I I I I I mean well okay so Tim, this is our podcast is first time something new just you know know know know know know know had an like um I mean so you know um idea one day day day day day day day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of like okay um well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay talks and sometimes we're going to like deep talking. So we just thought thought thought thought thought thought thought hey, you know like so well I mean uh uh might as well try to to to to to to to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the the the the the the the you know so well you know like like gross margin impact of a successful successful successful successful successful successful successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid uh well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from from from from from from from a like you know um so um well financial perspective. So going to nerd out on on on on on on on this shout out to the third like okay um you know I mean well row row row row row row row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just I mean you you you you you you you know well uh uh well recording and we're talking about this new track package package package package package package package that came out for the like well uh so you know uh model 3. It's like like like like like like like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like a $5,500 upgrade upgrade upgrade upgrade upgrade upgrade upgrade where you can basically get these really cool well so I mean you know I I I I I I I mean well looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost cost cost cost cost cost cost 60 Grand uh I mean uh well you know I mean and then you you you you you you you pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires and uh well um um um um um um um well um okay these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track track track track track track track. It's so uh so okay like uh gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really really really really really really really cool thing. And I was just thinking like so I mean um so like like like like like like like like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Performance Performance Performance Performance Performance Performance Brand um okay like I mean well I mean to upsell all of these fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy new features and services that sort of Die well um um like well um um um um um um um Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one one one one one one one example, well so so like so um but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be so so so so so so so I mean like so like you know telling you about my favorite app, which which which which which which which is Anchor. It's the best app to uh like uh you know you know um um um um um um um use for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can can can can can can can use your phone like uh uh well like okay computer or any other device device device device device device device to record it. And once and once and once and once and once once once once once once once and once and once you post the podcast, I mean okay okay well well well well well well well you know so it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on on on on on on on Spotify to get your podcast I mean so well okay well so more exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any Any Any Any Any Any Any type of um I mean I mean I mean like well podcast I think this is is is is is is is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done I mean like so uh um um um um um um um well. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I don't you you you you you you you know um um I mean you know I mean think anybody lists lists lists lists lists lists lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk like I mean um um um um um um um I mean well uh about the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are are are are are are are going to get so I mean well I mean like okay the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
Hello, how's it going? It is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it is it is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well okay um having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a a a a a a a good one um like uh you know um uh. Nice Feel nice Feel Feel Feel Feel Feel Feel Feel nice Feel nice Feel nice Feel nice Feel nice Feel Good Friday to send send send send send send send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have conversation so well well well well well well well um so well I mean with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from from from from from from from the New Orleans Saints playoff uh okay you know okay uh okay game game game game game game game that you would want to hear the answer from has a very good answer answer answer answer answer answer answer. Also you also you also you also you also you also you also you you you you you you you know like uh I mean okay um Aaron Jones in the Green Green Green Green Green Green Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that you I mean so you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you enough for choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing you know you know well I mean okay well to listen to this show show show show show show show. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean you you you you you you you could do a lot of other you know well I mean um you know know know know know know know okay things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people say say say say say say say you shouldn't so uh so well well you know use Q-tips and more I I I I I I I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. I like I like I like I like like like like like like like I like I like I like I mean I mean like you know okay love love love love love love love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by well well well well well well well so I mean so uh like the way, though because they you know, the Hand against against against against against against against Q-tips is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, so, so, so, so, so, so, look you know so I mean so I mean you know no further. If If If If If If If you if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a um uh so you you you you you you you know I mean I mean podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You You You You You You You don't have to pay to host your I mean like um um you know know know know know know know okay content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and and and and and and and edit your like okay okay so so um podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast well uh so okay well uh for for for for for for for you. So you so you so you so you so you so you so you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS so okay um so like like like like like like like you know feed to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll do they'll do they'll do they'll do they'll do they'll do it for you and you you you you you you you I mean um I mean like like well can make money. I'm your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want uh well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like in a podcast in one place. You have something to say you you you you you you you want to get uh uh I mean you know like well it out. You want want want want want want want to write a note just upload and turn on your like uh um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so anchor app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your your your your your your your library I mean so you know like I mean so to upload to future future future future future future future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor like uh well well well well well well well so so I mean it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain. It's a hundred like uh I mean okay I mean I mean percent free this this this this this this this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay right from your phone, or you can do it from from from from from from from your computer. Anchor we do so you know uh well uh so the rest rest rest rest rest rest rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple uh so I I I I I I I mean well um I mean podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of of of of of of of that. You like okay uh well you know well can actually earn money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know well to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to you know like like well I mean so Anchor dot f f f f f f f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast like like like like like like like uh so well you know so that allows people like you and me to to to to to to to invest our money in the more entertaining way well well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I I I I I I I make most of you know like like uh um um my money by by by by by by by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you well so I I I I I I I mean like well uh and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the the the the the the the lessons. I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned and and and and and and and more okay well like like I mean uh importantly who you should be buying buying buying buying buying buying buying sup guys and welcome back to the show like so um I mean well well well well well well well okay. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my you know know know know know know know so like I mean well well guarantee but like buy a gun belts belts belts belts belts belts belts in rebates and discuss in a mica well so you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like like well like Z AZ and me honking honking meaning in a script script script script script script script to get the full um well well so okay like code. Just listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is this is this is this this this this this this this is this is this is this is huge well so I mean you know you you you you you you you know uh and you're listening to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are are are are are are are living to have okay uh uh you know I mean you know you here with with with with with with with us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know uh uh like. Makka bit behind. This is Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're listening I mean so uh you you you you you you you know so okay to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're so well well well well well well well I mean okay like like counting down the top 31 Sports Kindles of the past past past past past past past 31 years. Today's event so well so like you know uh comes to us us us us us us us from 1992. When the when the when the when the when the when the the the the the the the when the Little League World Series Was Won by an like well you know know know know know know know uh I mean uh Unstoppable group of youths from the Philippines. It was a team team team team team team team that captivated the world until okay I mean um like like uh deceptions of age age age age age age age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events well you you you you you you you know I mean so I mean so from history tune in right here. Day Day Day Day Day Day Day to our March Madness special listen free um I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World World World World World World World Series is perhaps the most well well I mean okay okay you know know know know know know know well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image uh well well well well well well well well uh well um of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some some some some some some some I mean I mean well I mean well uh 91 over your life. No No No No No No No virus can Prevail over the spirit of well well so you know so like like like like like like like God plead the blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave wave wave wave wave wave wave around and I mean like I mean like um you know tries to even even even even even even even come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't so I mean like like like like like like like uh I mean well talk too much about did you hear this more more more more more more more people are dying now and this um uh uh well well well was happening happening happening happening happening happening happening is coming close some of already coming to India. I don't know um so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean whether it's going to come to Hyderabad don't invite is not a a a a a a a good guest is you know I mean okay so like like that that that that that that that it kicked out of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the Disney College um okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so podcast. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So So So So So So So well okay uh well um like on this episode we we we we we we we are man for episode is really funny because we're just you know I mean um um um um um um um well um you know kind of diving. All right into it. We're going to to to to to to to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories like I mean okay you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. I have I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So okay so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh we'll call it vol 1 but cat you want to so who were were were were were were were so I mean um um okay so your roommates and what happened? Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, so I extended so I had I you know uh like well I I I I I I I mean I mean lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if but if but if if if if if if if but if but if but if but if they were just what well uh so so so so so so so so like you know would that look like? Well, this is a very small part part part part part part part of what um so you know uh okay you know we are talking about about about about about about about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is the so um you you you you you you you know like I mean well Talk of the Town right now and today I I I I I I I want to cover it in some detail from okay you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want to to to to to to to talk okay okay like so um um less about masks and hand sanitizer and more more more more more more more about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic okay uh so so okay I mean impact impact impact impact impact impact impact just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before we get into into into into into into into okay you know so um I mean like the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P P P P P P P um uh uh um you know like frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called I mean uh you know I mean well well well well well well well well ammo no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin frickin frickin frickin frickin frickin frickin 90s rap brother. I like well uh like I mean I mean heard I heard heard heard heard heard heard heard because I played it for you. This one's this one's this one's this one's this this this this this this this one's this one's this one's for you man okay okay like okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to the Moa so so so so so so so like um uh well okay. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks talks talks talks talks talks talks mostly photography, but also gangster rap gangsta rap um okay like you know okay um son son son son son son son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make make make make make make make I mean well um I mean so um it. No. No we'd no we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd no we'd no we'd no we'd no we'd no we'd be so don't get get get get get get get enough social door - yeah, you gotta I mean you know okay um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not not not not not not not you know you know um well you know you know awkward. So anyway Homer Homer Homer Homer Homer Homer Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes goes goes goes goes goes goes whipping down you know well you know uh I mean uh the plains and and and and and and and up until recently that's about what I knew of it. But I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well okay uh um now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring warring warring warring warring warring warring American factions those no-good you know um um um you know okay greasers and and and and and and and those rotten sotius. Greetings and greetings and greetings and greetings and greetings and greetings and and and and and and and greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm your so okay well okay well well well well well well well so host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it it it it it it it I mention it okay so um well uh I mean on Twitter and it it it it it it it gets love letters. So with so with so with so with so with with with with with with with so with so with me today is writer I mean you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are how are how are how are are are are are are are how are how are how are you today? I am really good. I'm really um um um um um um um like uh well um I mean good. Thank you. I am so excited to to to to to to to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr okay okay okay okay so well. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate doctorate doctorate doctorate doctorate doctorate doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also okay um uh you know so well the founder founder founder founder founder founder founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping uh you know you you you you you you you know so uh well people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, stress, stress, stress, stress, stress, stress, please join us each like uh okay so I mean okay week as we we we we we we we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for okay uh I I I I I I I mean uh you know okay effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and and and and and and and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks okay um uh okay um well well well well well well well like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their their their their their their their biggest well uh you know well like you know fears and find that despite despite despite despite despite despite despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full okay I mean so so so so so so so you know I mean uh and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base base base base base base base and seeks to find and so um like like so I mean reinforce what clients do do do do do do do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where I mean uh you you you you you you you know like okay like their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio you you you you you you you know well well so I mean uh help conversations with a dose of self-compassion self-compassion self-compassion self-compassion self-compassion self-compassion self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of you know so okay okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through through through through through through through the uh okay I mean um uh like mind and body. This week's guest needs needs needs needs needs needs needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness you know you know okay like you know know know know know know know I mean consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others others others others others others others find their you know um okay you know I mean I mean voice through storytelling storytelling storytelling storytelling storytelling storytelling storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame okay I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh. She is she is she is she is she is she is she she she she she she she is the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and um um um um um um um um like I mean like so my all-time favorite the today I affirm Journal which I I I I I I I have to be um you know you know I mean well um honest has has has has has has has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think think think think think think think like um I mean you know so okay fags. When big bank and DJ Scream Scream Scream Scream Scream Scream Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of DJ like okay um okay well um um um um um um um Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got got got got got got got um well uh like okay uh family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you so um uh like so uh feeling, bro? bro bro bro bro bro bro Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't um I mean so uh like um no interview. I think this is just a conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation. It's like talking to um okay I mean um like so you know, one one one one one one one of your partner and well, why don't women man talk you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know well real talk, but one thing you got to to to to to to to do we know you're going to do is you know like uh I mean you know know know know know know know um just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the the the the the the the whole uh uh well so like so truth nothing, but it was just big fast fast fast fast fast fast fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay uh so like okay so I mean. All All All All All All All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it was was was was was was was okay like okay well um so just just just talking about you and and and and and and and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like um okay like uh well I I I I I I I mean you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what what what what what what what so what so what so what so what so what so what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
You are you are you are you are you are you are you are listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm so well like so so so so so so so okay I mean going to be bringing on a friend of mine this this this this this this this woman and I met uh okay uh like uh um let's see here probably probably probably probably probably probably probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh well hard to believe that now we always shared interest in in in in in in in all things Natural okay you know like so so so Health. All of all of all all all all all all all of all of all of all of all of that kind of thing usually is what what what what what what what we would talk well uh you know you know you know well about when we get together together together together together together together. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we well like uh well well well well well well well uh okay haven't chatted in a while, but it was really great to record record record record record record record this episode uh so you know you know you know you know. She has spent the the the the the the the last several years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um into it whenever I met her and she has spent all these these these these these these these years doing that okay uh I mean uh you know well. So she's going to to to to to to to share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay so you know so really good discussion. I have I have I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have to apologize that I have have have have have have have not figured out yet, which like I mean like like like well I need need need need need need need to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you you you you you you you are like so uh um um you know those who benefit others so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a thief and here I am. And we so okay like you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh are your hosts for this podcast. All right, all right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo you you you you you you you know well uh I mean um uh. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's Friday's Friday's Friday's Friday's Friday's Friday's tomorrow and you can so so like um well so smell it the weekends weekends weekends weekends weekends weekends weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the weekends for I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like um uh uh the freaks. Before I get into this week's week's week's week's week's week's week's episode. I just want to tell so you know like so so so you you you you you you you that this Friday March the 6th. I will I will I will I will will will will will will will I will I will I will be in Iowa City at I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um uh Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th. I will be in Detroit so you know you know so well you know Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh you know so a store. I've always wanted to play electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity. If really really excited to play that so well okay so like okay venue venue venue venue venue venue venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and like like like like like like like so you know I mean um okay why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get get get get get get get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get into this week's week's week's week's week's week's week's episode. Are the you know uh um like uh I mean podcast and the the the the the the the intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent um okay like like like like like like like okay um I mean in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard hard hard hard hard hard hard towards okay like um um uh uh Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your your your your your your your host Adam Simpson and I I mean so you know so okay you know know know know know know know am joined by terrie Robinson. And today and today and today and today and and and and and and and today and today and today we are going to talk about the dream speakers uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like okay uh so in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we we we we we we we do, I I mean like so like okay so thought it might be nice nice nice nice nice nice nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing okay I mean okay so so so so so so so I mean you know. I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Midnight Midnight Midnight Midnight Midnight Midnight Express podcast to talk about like I mean like so uh okay the woo woo woo woo woo woo woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh um uh hours just about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion of the Hem you know uh so okay okay you know Caso back where they they they they they they they take it where he takes 18 pages of material and you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh um so talks about that for two hours wasn't quite enough enough enough enough enough enough enough but the key mistake I made was uh uh I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I forgot that Australian summer time and North American summer time do not not not not not not not occur at uh uh okay you know you know I mean the same time. So So So So So So So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what will like okay like um well well well well well well well uh be good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I I I I I I I work backwards uh I mean I mean okay well okay and like I can wake up up up up up up up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the the the the the the the world so so well so like I mean of True Crime letting you dive even even even even even even even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects you know so um uh um you you you you you you you know every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring we're we're we're we're we're we're we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring the most fascinating True True True True True True True like um so um like so Crime themes covered across the park has Network Network Network Network Network Network Network. We've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected collected collected collected collected collected collected short clips from some um uh well well um you know of our most most most most most most most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like motivation method and Madness I mean I I I I I I I mean okay you know well well and show how interconnected the True Crime world really really really really really really really is you can find these original you know so you know okay like you you you you you you you know episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes that we well uh you know well I mean well used will be posted posted posted posted posted posted posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins like okay well I I I I I I I mean like you know. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Wendy Wendy Wendy Wendy Wendy Wendy Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're well uh you know like like like like like like like well you know back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have have have have have have have escalated I mean um well well um okay. In the in the in the in in in in in in in the in the in the in the last few weeks in new cases cases cases cases cases cases cases of the virus have been going so um you know uh I mean you you you you you you you know up and up as of right now. There are more than 95,000 you you you you you you you know like like I mean like uh cases and over 3,000 debt and the virus virus virus virus virus virus virus has spread fast outside of China with more so uh I mean well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the um um um um um um um uh well so I mean okay US just this week the World Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly uh well um you know you you you you you you you know you know this virus is with headlines saying that it's killing Three point point point point point point point four percent of well I mean um so you know I mean the people who who who who who who who get it worldwide. So just how worried should you be the well um um um um um um um um I mean so you know start we call that well, why don't you you you you you you you introduce yourself? Sure. So my so my so my so my so my so my so my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based based based based based based based you know okay okay well so uh on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail fail fail fail fail fail fail which is a celebration of things going you know um so well well well well well well well so so wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for for for for for for for um I mean okay uh uh okay them to discuss failings in their life life life life life life life both in their personal life and I mean you know well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so in their career showing how much you can grow from things that maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe haven't okay well well like uh well gone to plan. So, my so, my my my my my my my so, my so, my so, my so, my so, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the you know like so like like like like like like like uh you know host for this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life life life life life life life uh I mean I mean well well I mean. I'm Hazel. I love tennis. I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate I hate I hate I hate I hate I hate I hate small talk and and and and and and and have a thing well well you know you know like like for sexy monologues. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to monster are aesthetically point so uh okay I I I I I I I mean well um one. Monster RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today today today today today today today Hazel is not feeling I mean okay so okay I mean like very well Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well um okay so you you you you you you you know okay well wishes. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure sure sure sure sure sure sure as well I mean I mean like well like hell should by by by by by by by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you here um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um I mean today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind behind behind behind behind behind behind the glass on the you know you know so okay you know okay ones and and and and and and and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is like I mean so so so so so so so uh okay so Tyler on the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have have have have have have have you here Tuesday after uh you know um you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right right right right right right right so um so um like so with us here time to pay the bills just just just just just just just to let you folks know that well so um I mean well like with the the the the the the the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know you know like okay the past. This is their third generation generation generation generation generation generation generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology well you know uh okay you know you you you you you you you know. So you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one one one one one one one of um so well you know so okay the most notorious prisons in America sing sing sing sing sing sing sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned well so uh I mean like um um um um um um um there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life so so so so so so so uh uh so so like others for death. By that by that by that by by by by by by by that by that by that by that time the electric chair had claimed the lives lives lives lives lives lives lives of a I mean so um you know I mean uh hundred and forty three three three three three three three murderers in New York City alone. And that number I mean uh well well well well well well well well so um would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was was was was was was was one man so so okay like I mean okay on death row in 1921 who who who who who who who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman well um uh like you you you you you you you know so who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent violent violent violent violent violent violent rage. He was he was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he was um well well um you know um granted a reprieve from the chair chair chair chair chair chair chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
No one no one no one no one no one no one no no no no no no no one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's uh like like like like like like like okay like well uh the reason you don't talk to an old friend friend friend friend friend friend friend or one of your parents anymore. Their Amorous well uh I mean I I I I I I I mean uh I mean crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases cases cases cases cases cases cases. It's even it's even it's even it's even it's even it's even it's even even even even even even even I mean um um uh okay well more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of of of of of of of being cheated on maybe you've uh um like like I mean uh even been been been been been been been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will. It right right right right right right right so uh like you know okay I mean after all you're in a a a a a a a good relationship and the thought of betraying your current um well so so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner your partner your your your your your your your partner your partner your partner your partner your partner is sick or I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so so so okay out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to so so like like like like like like like so uh I mean find us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click click click click click click click the link in so I mean like okay well so the description below. Thank you you you you you you you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to uh like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay our / Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over over over over over over over well well I mean you know I mean okay those who dared to cross cross cross cross cross cross cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy I mean like like like like like like like so so so well your forced. I'm out. So this happened to me me me me me me me years ago to the details may well I mean like so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My My My My My My My uh okay okay you know well well brother was just graduating high school. He He He He He He He decided he wanted to go into the so uh okay uh uh uh Navy so Working Working Working Working Working Working Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to to to to to to to okay so well so like I mean hang out while they wait to go go go go go go go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again again again again again again again um I mean you know okay so like is after credits after credit your credits credits credits credits credits credits credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I uh I mean so I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name my name my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name is Bryce and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay okay I mean so I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly Carly Carly Carly Carly Carly Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, like okay okay uh I mean um this is the the the the the the the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh my God. Okay, okay so so so so so so so um okay okay uh the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin I'm Erin I'm Erin I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Erin I'm Erin I'm Erin I'm Erin and you're listening I mean uh well well well well well well well um uh okay to see and be seen I cast this is a show show show show show show show where we'll be I mean well like uh okay so discussing the creative like like like like like like like not just as individuals but also as a community will also you know like like like like like like like um I mean you know well talk about what it's like to express ourselves and share share share share share share share stories through our respective creative you know um well I mean I mean well Fields Fields Fields Fields Fields Fields Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so you know well on this podcast as well. If you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're interested in in in in in in in listening to this podcast, be sure uh I mean so um like so to check check check check check check check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
Hello everyone. My name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk let's talk let's talk let's let's let's let's let's let's let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk like like like well you know um about about about about about about about gold. Go touch go touch go touch go touch go touch go touch go go go go go go go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and okay you know so so so so so so so so um you know ninety dollars per ounce in February. This is this is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is a seven-year High High High High High High High a level not seen well you know I mean okay okay like since 2010 January January January January January January January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go uh you you you you you you you know um okay I mean I mean beat his record high set on on on on on on on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 so like uh so okay um um um um um um um the record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at at at at at at at so I mean um well so uh least until now. I think I think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think it is first important important important important important important important to understand what drove prices to okay I mean so um uh okay those sites sites sites sites sites sites sites in 2011. Let's take let's take let's take let's take let's take let's let's let's let's let's let's let's take let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of like um well uh well I mean challenges a lot of obstacles and these these these these these these these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience like well I mean uh um um um um um um um well experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as as as as as as as I so okay like well so you know go along you're joining the the the the the the the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual so okay like so you know know know know know know know you know met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F F F F F F F m-- you know, uh like um like I mean well when I began my my my my my my my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of you know um like like like like like like like well okay you know host how to do it in general when I was was was was was was was trying to browse. It was like like well um okay okay so complicated so so so so so so so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My My My My My My My um you know I mean I mean well so name is Luke. I'm with with with with with with with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say like well you know um you you you you you you you know you know the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where where where where where where where we invited guests on you well um so uh so I mean just skipped it we we we we we we we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why well, why well, why well, well, well, well, well, well, well, why well, why well, why well, why would well I mean I mean so so so so so so so okay you know I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We We We We We We We don't we don't we don't we don't we don't we don't we don't have a guest guest guest guest guest guest guest well so uh um um uh one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when when when when when when when the guest was going to turn um I mean um I mean so I mean up up up up up up up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be nice just I I I I I I I mean like like so so well the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got got got got got got got a great show for um so well like like um you guys today Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. We'll like like like like like like like like well I mean like I mean The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or or or or or or or will the Savage on this I mean like you know okay um so so so so so so so chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so so so so so so so you know uh you know well so you know money update two episodes in we we we we we we we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say uh okay okay you you you you you you you know um okay we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're we're we're we're we're we're we're almost okay so well uh um um at five dollars and was a $5. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the point that I I I I I I I think we can probably like like uh well so well Go to the dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um well you know can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper Pauper Pauper Pauper Pauper Pauper Pauper like five of those like um I mean you know um uh not like like like like like like like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can uh well well well well well well well um okay um you know see ya Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Marlboro Marlboro Marlboro Marlboro Marlboro Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good okay um well like uh um idea. So this is the the the the the the the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like you know uh for the boy likes five people what what what what what what what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just let's let's let's let's let's let's let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just put it like that practically kissing.
Good morning. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time time time time time time time it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines you you you you you you you know um like so uh uh week and every day we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about real life heroic women from history start you know uh uh well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the the the the the the the way so okay um well so I mean to the molars in the back three three three three three three three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist I mean well I mean well well well well well well well well like who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the the the the the the the scientists name um so okay so um okay was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was was was was was was was curious about science as a young girl. She grew well so I mean okay okay so up in in in in in in in London in the 1930s and went to one of the well like like uh um um um um um um um you know only schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she she she she she she she decided like uh you know um um um she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is is is is is is is our podcast. I well I mean like like okay like wanted to thank you for for for for for for for joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope it builds your like you you you you you you you know well so you know I mean faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see see see see see see see God is moving in your life like so like okay um I mean. Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I am going to go go go go go go go okay uh okay okay okay you know ahead I normally have you stand to to to to to to to read the scripture is 19 verses today okay well well like well I mean. So So So So So So So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow. God bless god bless god god god god god god god bless god bless god bless god bless god bless so uh uh well you you you you you you you know like you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11 11 11 11 11 11 11. This sermon will you know okay well um you know well probably take two two two two two two two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The Lord the Lord the Lord the Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord the Lord the Lord the Lord okay like I mean you know so so showed showed showed showed showed showed showed up. I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio audio audio audio audio audio audio well uh like like I mean uh podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, club, club, club, club, club, club, which is an interactive online community of uh I mean um you know know know know know know know okay okay artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online for for for for for for for so I mean you know you know you know well us to talk about which is is is is is is is why both our tagline for phenomenology club and okay well okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of most of of of of of of of most of most of most of most of most of these uploads are like okay like like like like like like like I mean you know well originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're if you're if if if if if if if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're interested in interacting with those those those those those those those as so you know okay well uh um they happen live, please go go go go go go go subscribe and turn on the notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and um uh well like like like like like like like well I mean in general to learn more about our club what we do and and and and and and and how you can um you know I mean okay so well become a member member member member member member member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted like like like like like like like I mean um so okay okay to take a brief moment today to to to to to to to let you know about the easiest way possible to okay um like uh uh well start start start start start start start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean okay well well service to host and distribute the show as well as as as as as as as software to record each okay uh okay okay I mean okay episode for the longest longest longest longest longest longest longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast I mean well well well well well well well okay okay you know I mean and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while while while while while while while also using different software as um uh so well you know well I tried to record record record record record record record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so like host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet tablet tablet tablet tablet tablet tablet or cell phone well well I mean you know well you know. Not only not not not not not not not only not only not only not only not only not only that anchor actually actually actually actually actually actually actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you if you if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you know uh you know like like like like like like like like well you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about about about about about about about using anchor um okay I mean I mean you know so download the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that that that that that that that um I mean I mean so I mean I mean the dead ass ass ass ass ass ass ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest way you know know know know know know know well okay so so well to make a podcast and they give you you you you you you you everything you need in one place for um okay okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you you you you you you you can use well so um like okay like right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. They also they also they also they also they also they also they also got got got got got got got hella dough creation tools to allow you to well uh so um uh so so so so so so so record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also they also also also also also also also they also they also they also they also they also will help I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um okay so uh you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the the the the the the the dead-ass family like we do you know okay okay like like um you can be be be be be be be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many more. You can so so so so so so so uh uh I mean uh uh also make a little bit of Ching from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So okay I mean well you know okay I mean download download download download download download download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving um like you know know know know know know know like uh you know a fond farewell at least in the context of a a a a a a a presidential candidate to Amy so you know um okay so okay Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar has has has has has has has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared like you know like you you you you you you you know um I mean herself to me. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not not not not not not not familiar with like so like okay so well her, she wasn't particularly viable as a a a a a a a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone like someone like someone like someone like like like like like like like someone like someone like someone like uh you know well okay I mean say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between between between between between between between Peaks I mean um well well you know so podcast. I am Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to go um so so um I mean um back to the beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought this um so so okay so so so so so so so well was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like there there there there there there there uh like um like so okay was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the um um um um um um um uh um I mean uh so sustainable development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We We We We We We We are your co-host James and Kevin I mean okay so like I mean so here to to to to to to to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well like um uh like I mean. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and and and and and and and probably another 10 years to well okay um uh uh uh actually build it. So So So So So So So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a well okay um well you you you you you you you know like population 25 years later and you know similar to what many many many many many many many things happen in well okay uh I mean like I mean the world. We We We We We We We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end so um like um um um um um um um uh so up working out for object data is currently a PhD student at the University University University University University University University you know okay uh okay um I mean of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is is is is is is is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a um uh so you know okay so thesis around around around around around around around the water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show show show show show show show notes, uh uh okay okay well uh so three years. I started listening to to to to to to to you and I was in a transitional phase and I well um like like like like like like like like so uh had a dream to start a business and I had been had had had had had had had that dream for uh you know uh you know like like about 15 years and I I I I I I I think it was in my vibrational escrow and I you know you know like so so so so so so so okay uh worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a a a a a a a really high profile job, you know uh so so like okay and I did and and and and and and and I started a business. And for and for and for and for and and and and and and and for and for and for two years, I worked like okay like um um um um um um um um um hard to get it off the ground and I was more lying than I've ever ever ever ever ever ever ever been okay I mean well like so okay aligned with anything in my life. And And And And And And And I got so aligned and the um so well like okay um business started and and and and and and and I got everything I wanted and more and it was huge and it I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean you know so like launched in a way more than I could could could could could could could have ever asked for no you know you know okay okay um like not more more more more more more more than you could have ever asked for us in a way that I you know know know know know know know you know you know like um uh did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
It is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, you know know know know know know know I mean I mean I mean like well you done fucking split cans of tuna tuna tuna tuna tuna tuna tuna with and y'all can t have I mean you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like a conversation. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you you you you you you you know, you know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're so I I I I I I I mean um so well okay just here to serve each other to get this money money money money money money money and then we walking uh okay I mean I mean so like apart. So So So So So So So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask ask ask ask ask ask ask that question, uh like okay so well so you know was a success not enough to to to to to to to sustain it. I don't think it well you know I mean like well well well well well well well well was enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful Meaningful Meaningful Meaningful Meaningful Meaningful Meaningful uh like well like I mean okay ways to make you know, a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of us joke the Twitter can be um um okay well you know um totally totally totally totally totally totally totally useless that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh like like blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your uh so so so so so so so I mean um okay so host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today so today today today today today today today so today so today so today so today so today we have TNT Tina is is is is is is is you know um you know um like like available those challenges are now available available available available available available available for you to start doing so that you can work uh well uh you know know know know know know know you know like towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's so that's so that's so so so so so so so that's so that's so that's so that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, folks folks folks folks folks folks folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We have like you know you you you you you you you know so I mean like brought him in yet once again and yet once again another another another another another another another action-packed power suit Tyler had have like you know uh um you know know know know know know know like you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you seen you you you you you you you know you know uh so um like this type of soup come in the the the the the the the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think it's a you know well uh like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a a a a a a a um you know uh you know um well J.Crew model. It's actually a a a a a a a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is okay so um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel lapel lapel lapel lapel lapel lapel Rob um so you know well I mean okay. It's little lapel, you know, it it it it it it it adds a little flare a little spice. So you um well so so so well well well well well well well are and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you you you you you you you keep getting me I mean uh um like uh you know right before my my my my my my my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to uh um okay um you you you you you you you know okay do here again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We We We We We We We got you know so well I mean like so a big before anything. We We We We We We We got we got we got we got we got we got we got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of the you know so so uh you know you know Ike Box podcast. We have have have have have have have a great show for you guys today. My name is so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean um KJ I said I'll be your host and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's actually going to be a solo um um well so I mean I mean pod pod pod pod pod pod pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is brian is brian brian brian brian brian brian brian is brian is brian is brian is brian is in a meeting and we we we we we we we so like you know uh so you know need to get you a preview preview preview preview preview preview preview. So we're going to talk a lot about you know like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to be be be be be be be the um um I mean you know well I mean biggest matchup of the the the the the the the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the Staples Center so well um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box the Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers played okay I mean so so I mean well the Bucks got them them them them them them them good at the Pfizer form and it is the infamous matchup yanis you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um well so versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk you know know know know know know know uh so so like you know about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way way way way way way way to make a podcast uh I mean okay okay so um that is a good good good good good good good point and gives you everything you need in one place um like uh um um um um um um um I mean um for free and you can use it right from your phone or or or or or or or computer at anchor um like um so um okay you can record and edit and and and and and and and make everything that you put down on your um okay um okay you know know know know know know know well podcast sound as good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that um um um um um um um okay okay um you know I mean you might have recorded on another application application application application application application application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for I mean okay like okay um well you you you you you you you so it can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many um um um um um um um I mean I mean so like uh more. You can make easy money for your your your your your your your podcast. I'm talking about real easy so um um uh well you know money money money money money money money with anchor right? No minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to well like like like like like like like so so you know okay Anchor dot. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would like like like like like like like you know uh I mean okay like be settled down with a family trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to make the best of life during wartime okay well well uh like okay. Pearl Pearl Pearl Pearl Pearl Pearl Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal like so so so so so so so you know like okay so with a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end end end end end end end of a lonely and you know you know so uh so so grueling 50-mile 50-mile 50-mile 50-mile 50-mile 50-mile 50-mile bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her like like like like like like like well like like I mean I mean forehead as she peddles along the share share share share share share share river in France her bike kicked so well okay okay well like up dust as she she she she she she she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the you know okay uh you you you you you you you know you know okay river a bridge came into view German soldiers coated the the the the the the the span like ants on a okay uh I mean I mean you know like fallen fallen fallen fallen fallen fallen fallen Apple that bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to to to to to to to well you know okay okay you know um deliver the vital message. She carried carried carried carried carried carried carried she carried she carried she carried she carried she carried she carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and night uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um I mean um well toothbrushing show start brushing on the the the the the the the top of your mouth and brush in little circles um okay uh uh like um um um um um um um all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today and today and and and and and and and today and today and today and today and today we're talking about a courageous like like like like like like like so okay uh well uh woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble Nene. Tasmania is an okay uh like uh so well island near Australia. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's a group of people they're called the palala the Paulo were okay so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay the first people to live on that island and tricking Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene was one well I mean like okay I mean um of the palala people people people people people people people switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth like so so so so so so so so I mean um well and brush the molars in the way back. Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene Nene was nene was nene was nene was nene was nene was nene was the the the the the the the daughter of a uh you know okay you know you know um leader and and and and and and and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's I I I I I I I mean okay like like well I mean the Partnerships that we've had and and and and and and and and coming up in May of our Partnerships I mean so like okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this is is is is is is is I like you know I mean okay okay uh think the first time ever right we we we we we we we able to combine everybody together and it's awesome like so so like um okay. Right? So So So So So So So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going to be we're well well well well well well well okay I mean um so like going to be there with schedule. Is he he he he he he he is he is he is he is he is he is he going to to to to to to to be a salon? Because of you know uh well uh okay you know know know know know know know course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We really we really really really really really really really we really we really we really we really we really Mega excited like you know um um I I I I I I I mean uh about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to to to to to to to tell us like so uh uh you know uh okay all the details because schedule acidity acidity acidity acidity acidity acidity acidity in the very schedule is City way, they're going to okay so so you you you you you you you know okay so schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're going to give away a ticket to handle of of of of of of of so you know like um I mean I mean retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase phase phase phase phase phase phase want to give us all the juicy details. Welcome so welcome so welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome so so uh um um I I I I I I I mean Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited schedule is to be so so so so so so so generous to okay like you know like well you know do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how how how how how how how we you know okay I mean um you know um do it here at at at at at at at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor uh okay okay I mean you you you you you you you know well dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many many many many many many many different platforms I mean okay well well um like. There's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools to allowed you to record and and and and and and and edit podcast right from um uh so you know like um your phone or or or or or or or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the so you know know know know know know know uh uh okay uh free anchor app to get started. This segment this segment this this this this this this this segment this segment this segment this segment this segment is brought to you by I I I I I I I mean I mean you know like I mean I mean jig Master jigs when when when when when when when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and well so um um um um um um um so okay okay use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your your your your your your your next gig order you know you know uh you know uh I mean today today today today today today today. Welcome to the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we we we we we we we like well so I mean okay you know try to improve our skills of the the the the the the the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
It's very it's very it's very it's very it's very it's very it's very funny because because because because because because because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is right like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay like uh now and every time he needs to make a change change change change change change change she has to run across uh uh well uh like so the room. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's part of the sort I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay okay like you know of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort sort sort sort sort sort sort of in the startup lifestyle okay like you know you know like well. Yeah is well well well well well well well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You have you have you you you you you you you have you have you have you have you have a well I mean well well well well well well well like uh um giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside inside inside inside inside inside inside. Of it and you have like I mean okay well you know okay to pull pull pull pull pull pull pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right. My audio so um um um um um um um like okay okay like interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need need need need need need need to dig around uh like you know so I mean so in there and then then then then then then then I do get if I say, you know, if I um okay um you you you you you you you know well you know cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball ball ball ball ball ball ball at me and you know well I mean like so you know I hurts a a a a a a a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a you know know know know know know know you know like well um um lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your your your your your your your host um uh I mean like um um future and I'm here with a guest guest guest guest guest guest guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and okay you know well I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of of of of of of of uh so well okay you know I mean Melody our little silver. How you you you you you you you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well didn't well didn't well didn't well didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't well didn't well didn't well can't well uh you know well like so complain complain complain complain complain complain complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to so you know well well well well well well well um like well just come back and relax at home. All right, all right, all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, so What do you think the the the the the the the uh so so you know so okay goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have have have have have have have no idea. Let me let me let uh like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically so basically basically basically basically basically basically basically so basically so basically so basically so basically so basically it did start um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well I mean okay out as a meme between me and bay on on on on on on on the Discord server bunch of people well okay uh uh like I mean were were were were were were were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and well well well well well well well um you know uh like uh stuff like that. We went we went we went we we we we we we we went we went we went we went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
Hey there. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow um well you you you you you you you know okay so uh your favorite podcast. So you never miss an an an an an an an episode like this one or if you like uh I mean I mean so so so so so so so okay become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to to to to to to to uh um okay like um well them offline like I do when you're on on on on on on on a plane or wherever you're traveling and uh okay so so uh well also you you you you you you you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done like like like like like like like well well well like so so already be sure to download the Spotify app and and and and and and and search for D. Km/h or browse like like like like um so podcast in in in in in in in your library tab. Lethargy said lethargy said lethargy said lethargy said lethargy said lethargy lethargy lethargy lethargy lethargy lethargy lethargy said lethargy said in head of sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a a a a a a a well like um um like well regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for listening. I I mean you know so so I mean okay have had had had had had had had some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of uh like like like like like like like so so you know so one of which is the fact that I have literally literally literally literally literally literally literally not had a job you know like like like okay uh for the the the the the the the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like like like like like like like you know well okay I mean I mean uh a gig here and a a a a a a a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and like uh okay like you know know know know know know know okay my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's that's that's that's that's that's that's for a so I mean you know I mean okay um few reasons. One One One One One One One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds okay like like like like like like like so you know like I mean of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you you you you you you you fill your demise is um like you know like so so it hand hand hand hand hand hand hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so you know uh wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It It It It It It It must have been okay so you know uh so um your imagination. Suddenly. You feel feel feel feel feel feel feel a cold wind rip around you and the so I mean okay well well well well well well well well you know shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display display display display display display display so well I mean um I mean I mean in El Clasico where Real Madrid Madrid Madrid Madrid Madrid Madrid Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes you know you know know know know know know know well um you know like them back to the top in La Liga and and and and and and and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like like um okay about a few things that actually had conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations with some of you over last week uh like okay I mean so well and earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I so well well well well well well well I mean uh you know you know not posting the full week of workouts on Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook a week in advance and it's I mean so okay you know so like simple simple simple simple simple simple simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you well well well well well well well you know okay okay okay so guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule things schedule things schedule things schedule things schedule things schedule things like that. And so so so so so so so there are you know so like you know um uh days that you can make it and and and and and and and days. You just can't make it you know okay like like you know okay. And that that that that that that that and that and that and that and that and that and that is how I I I I I I I want you to plan your week. I don't want you to plan like like like like like like like um so um um like your week to try based off of a certain workout workout workout workout workout workout workout that you're trying to so like well so like you know either avoid or or or or or or or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the purpose well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um so um of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make a podcast okay so uh well I mean I mean. Let me explain first first first first first first first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you to record and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay okay uh edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor would distribute your podcast for you. So it like um um I mean well um um um um um um um can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many many more you can okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um I mean like okay make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make like like I mean well um I I I I I I I mean a podcast in one place download the free anchor app. Go to go to go go go go go go go to go to go to go to go to Anchor well you know uh so so so so so so so so okay. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of of of of of of of 40 is okay you know uh like um uh podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, welcome to another edition of 40th well you know well okay okay um podcast on today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
They won they won they won they won they won they won they won countless noteworthy noteworthy noteworthy noteworthy noteworthy noteworthy noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century uh okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like BCE. So how so how so how so how so how how how how how how how so how so how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of of of of of of of uh well uh so like um all time vanish from the historical record? If you you you you you you you enjoy this episode and want like okay well so I mean uh to to to to to to to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast like okay um um um um um um um like like you know presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of of of of of of of your favorite Park asked shows I mean um I mean okay like you know know know know know know know Like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and and and and and and and uh so uh so well I mean anywhere you listen to podcasts. In In In In In In In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched well okay like okay I mean like like like like like like like assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin Rory like like like like like like like so you know I mean well you know the idiot podcast isn't here this evening evening evening evening evening evening evening. So we don't really have a thing we okay so um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents accents accents accents accents accents accents. They'll you know I mean you know uh okay I mean think hey, why why why why why why why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and um um so so so so so so so okay okay well I'm here with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia I'm Sofia I'm Sofia I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Sofia I'm Sofia I'm Sofia I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like I mean like like about Tick Tock and it's road to success success success success success success success. So this app take talk has been showing well I mean you know I I I I I I I mean um okay up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular popular popular popular popular popular popular app and it's gained you know I mean well like okay like a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given a lot of I mean so so so so so so so you know so so um teens opportunities to get some money and be famous famous famous famous famous famous famous. One of one of one of one of one of one of one of those those those those those those those teams you might um uh well uh okay well know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a a a a a a a lot of followers. Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, so okay, so a song uh well like I mean well uh that you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? So so um uh like like like like like like like like you know if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
Greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince apps welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the second episode of the government being cast uh you know I mean like like like like like like like um um a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop well um like so well uh. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made made made made made made made. So I hope this isn't too horrible like okay um okay I mean you know and and and and and and and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with the the the the the the the bad you know like uh uh I mean well editing in places. I've done done done done done done done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that well like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh were terrible. Anyway, let's anyway, let's anyway, let's anyway, let's anyway, let's anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, let's anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I you know you know know know know know know know like like okay I mean cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the the the the the the the community. I then I then I then I then I then I then I I I I I I I then spend the uh like okay you know um like rest of the the the the the the the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks of uh okay you know know know know know know know so um so the game. I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was I was I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them as as as as as as as narrative you know so okay okay so well devices, but following some feedback and and and and and and and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to cover uh well so well so I mean I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is a um um um um um um um like okay like well well longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably probably probably probably probably probably probably notice a slight change in Styles I mean like uh so well well throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout the main section of the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today today today today today today today I mean uh so so I mean okay and get access to thousands of free free free free free free free book and audio book summaries on personal development well you know uh well like like like like like like like I mean productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to to to to to to to okay okay uh okay okay um work and get the key insights of books books books books books books books in minutes instead of hours. Go to um so uh so you know know know know know know know like Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of summary of of of of of of of summary of summary of summary of summary of summary of the one our you know I I I I I I I mean well you know uh I mean content plan by Miracle, 'then written by by by by by by by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex so so uh okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give you a a a a a a a so you know okay uh um okay Year's worth of blog post ideas in in in in in in in just a single hour. However, before you go I mean like I mean well um okay all all all all all all all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've heard the well well well well well well well I mean okay um uh like quote give a man a fish and you feed feed feed feed feed feed feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern state so uh well uh um okay flooding most of the many counties since since since since since since since the water was about six feet deep okay you know well so like like like like like like like I mean outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the the the the the the the so so I mean uh like I mean porch roof watching the wreckage Float Float Float Float Float Float Float by the young son happened to notice a so so well uh uh like nice nice nice nice nice nice nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well like you know who lost that hat is very sorry now after the the the the the the the Hat had floated out okay I mean okay so I mean I mean of of of of of of of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river I I I I I I I mean so like so um okay suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes here comes here comes comes comes comes comes comes comes here comes here comes here comes here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current current current current current current current. This well like well like so well was obviously very strange. So the lad kept kept kept kept kept kept kept his eye on it. It floated it floated it floated it floated it floated floated floated floated floated floated floated it floated it floated Upstream um you know uh um uh uh around the corner corner corner corner corner corner corner of the house and came floating back down again after uh so uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy uh um um um um um um um you know so so um. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a a a a a a a mouthful with Laura and um um like I mean uh well Romi. We are obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in so so I I I I I I I mean well well I mean on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did did did did did did did to there was like a sudden like hand well I mean well like like like like like like like um like in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's it's it's it's it's it's it's wow, it's so um you know so you know you know like the clouds clouds clouds clouds clouds clouds clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the two well I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching watching watching watching watching watching watching so so you know uh um uh us like dance around with a microphone and and and and and and and then we just fade into their lives um like okay so okay um. I I I I I I I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams well you know know know know know know know you know I mean like like now. It's probably how they see you. Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't you don't you must have a so well um I mean I mean well well well well well well well lot of scenes that open like that? You're a you're a you're a a a a a a a you're a you're a you're a you're a part of this. Oh, it's just just just just just just just okay um so uh okay I mean like a myth girls like walking kind of of of of of of of in we're talking about those are some like well I mean so um okay of of of of of of of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and well well well well well well well like like so I mean like that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when when when when when when when we are well well uh okay you know so recording our podcast. We have have have have have have have hours of audio that we have to sift um uh well well you know you know know know know know know know through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a so um um um um um um um um well well um high intellectual point that we're not sure if it it it it it it it really can get into the podcast. We um I mean you know well uh so so so so so so so thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember uh so so so so so so so well you know you know okay if you want to be involved, don't forget forget forget forget forget forget forget. You send us a DM. Send us send us send us send us send us us us us us us us send us send us your like you know well like you know okay questions and we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did um um like like like like like like like you know I mean um I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the the the the the the the Clear Water went down like I mean like you know um like. I did like like like like like like like did Miami and then sort of come back round again I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a umm, a umm, a umm, a umm, a umm, umm, umm, umm, umm, umm, umm, a umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you okay you know so so so so so so so uh well I mean about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain um well I mean well uh um it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast uh um okay so so so so so so so you know well right from your phone or computer. You can make money from your your your your your your your podcast with no so you know well you know you know okay minimum listenership and anchor will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you so we can be well so I mean you you you you you you you know so um heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to to to to to to to make you know well well um well you know a podcast in one place download the the the the the the the free. Anchor app anchor app anchor app anchor app anchor app anchor app anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have have have have have have have a I mean uh well like um like special guest here today. Say hello. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like so um uh My name name name name name name name is Katherine. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored uh I mean I I I I I I I mean um I mean um. Yay. So Catherine dances with me. I haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't said the the the the the the the name of our um so like uh well I mean company because I mean I I I I I I I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet I mean like like like like like like like so uh uh well like I'll probably accidentally say it but, you know, you can can can can can can can edit it um well I mean okay um I mean. I recommended that I just just just just just just just For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is like you know know know know know know know okay uh um so going to listen to this. But yeah, I just yeah, I I I I I I I don't know we okay um I mean okay um I mean danced at American Ballet Ballet Ballet Ballet Ballet Ballet Ballet company. I think I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I well you know uh so um like like like like like like like say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday like like like like like like like okay so okay okay um. And I don't think we bought it anything. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's dangerous it's dangerous it's dangerous it's dangerous it's dangerous it's dangerous it's it's it's it's it's it's it's dangerous to go alone. So the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the so the so the you know you know you know um uh you know Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh um Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a you know I mean well like okay like good show for for for for for for for you. Today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going to be talking about the news from the well I I I I I I I mean um um well like week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games games games games games games games and Yacht well um um um um so Club and then on Thursday, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z um like like like like like like like so like you know um. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead dead dead dead dead dead dead excited well you know you know um you know uh. I also love horror horror horror horror horror horror horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High like so I I I I I I I mean you know um so cuz he hates horror movie that I do do do do do do do and that's why they call me the like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like horror version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not not not not not not not uh I mean like so um uh no other reasons that all you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, I know whatever whatever every week we you know um like um so so so so so so so so take him through the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously well like like like like like like like well so you know well Jack Frost's and then we make fun of it it it it it it it more or less or I mean uh I mean okay so like like like like like like like explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing thing thing thing thing thing thing uh so I mean well so uh. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop drop drop drop drop drop drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let like so you know um I mean I mean me explain. First of all, all, all, all, all, all, all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that um like you know you know well well well well well well well uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor um um uh uh you know uh will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple like I mean you know um so um podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum so so so so so so so okay uh you know so you know listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place download the okay uh so well um like like like like like like like free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today today today today today today today like well uh um you know okay. Welcome to the flip the script podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm um well well so I mean like like like like like like like a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle so you you you you you you you know like I mean well you know. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you can find find find find find find find me on Instagram and YouTube as you know like okay well um um El El El El El El El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in in in in in in in this so so like uh um well week's episode. We are going to to to to to to to be talking about spring break because fitting race okay so uh you know uh you know know know know know know know coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we we we we we we we have um uh uh okay like you know week one week of classes still still still still still still still and then spring break is the week after that. So like so like like like like like like like so like so like so like so like so like okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight Spotlight Spotlight Spotlight Spotlight Spotlight Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished well okay okay okay well well all all all all all all all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I just you know know know know know know know okay um okay uh okay have a presentation for one of my classes classes classes classes classes classes classes see your husband exam for a like so well so okay I mean class that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free now, well I mean like like like like like like like uh like uh we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice nice nice nice nice nice nice because we had well well I mean okay well I mean like straight straight straight straight straight straight straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say it was like like like like like like like uh okay like well I mean uh the most stressful thing in the world because because because because because because because like it's really not like the hardest so like I mean so well I I I I I I I mean classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out of of of of of of of well like uh I mean well okay the way especially because now that that that that that that that I feel like I still don't know like so okay okay you know know know know know know know you know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about about about about about about about well you know you know um um so Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all all all all all all all of your favorite artists and podcast and one place I mean well so you know you know know know know know know know well that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is great uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know you know um because let's face it. We are we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are all trying to save a a a a a a a little bit these days. So um I mean like well well I mean with Spotify, you you you you you you you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode uh like well well well well well well well like uh well you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and and and and and and and premium users I mean I mean okay um uh okay can even download episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay so uh if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps apps apps apps apps apps apps downloaded already but this I mean okay uh so you know you know one one one one one one one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app app app app app app app okay I mean so well you know I mean search for your favorite podcast on on on on on on on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are uh you know okay uh well well well well well well well okay Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never never never never never never never so um like uh like so miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being being being being being being being that being that being that being that being that being that being said, let's get get get get get get get into today's episode um I mean uh so uh well. Hello, everybody Welcome to to to to to to to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where I mean like uh you know know know know know know know I mean I mean we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey you hey you hey you hey you hey you hey you hey you know uh um um um um um um um I mean I mean okay Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week week week week week week week been? It's Monday. So I mean you know so you know um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well then well then then then then then then then well then well then well then well then well, we haven't talked to I I I I I I I mean well I mean you know you know so since last week. Hey we've texted texted texted texted texted texted texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the um you know so like you know know know know know know know well tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not not not not not not not I okay like like um okay okay don't think they want to read some of of of of of of of the stuff that we say. Oh, well so um like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know I mean you know pretty cool. We got to see some some some some some some some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was uh okay you know you know so so so so so so so like really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got we got we we we we we we we got we got we got we got we got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of of of of of TV talk now okay well okay well you know I mean look at the buzz. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after show and like you know know know know know know know well okay okay okay guys. We are at the season finale of the the the the the the the such a good season Chad Hills. I you know like you know I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since season one one one one one one one. I'm so happy to I mean um um like okay so continue this journey journey journey journey journey journey journey with you guys. I could not do this out do this without my um um um um um um um so like I mean um so amazing amazing panel to the fart of my my my my my my my love. I have Miss Janice. I am like well um uh I mean um and and and and and and and she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been um like like like like like like like well like I mean um watching the posture since I was in high school. So like like like like like like like I'm the OG you know so well you know okay like posture isn't good trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings you your news and your gossip so okay like like like like like like like like I mean um Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
Are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel okay you you you you you you you know I mean uh like uh like you want to share? I know Brandon and I I I I I I I toss different ideas around you know okay well so I mean like like like like like like like for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast like okay you know like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit edit edit edit edit edit edit and distribute I mean um well uh um um your podcast all from from from from from from from your phone or or from your computer. It will do you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean okay all of the work for you put it it it it it it it out on Spotify apple and all you know I mean so you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything that you like okay okay you know well well need for your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right in one place. So here's what you need to do. If like if if if if if if if like if like if like if like if like if like well like so so so so so so so um um you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- to I mean well well um so so get started. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check it out and get started on uh so well well well well well well well uh I mean well your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So I so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I mean um so so like like like like like like like okay for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um um original old school one from 1976. So I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm particularly excited about about about about about about about this one. It was I mean okay well uh uh okay one of my mother's mother's mother's mother's mother's mother's mother's favorite. So I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so I think it was one of the first ones you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh you know she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced to this movie when I so like uh so I mean um was about nine or or or or or or or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly okay um you you you you you you you know you know well okay inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling telling telling telling telling telling telling yourself that so um so um um so well before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well okay I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go go go go go go go beyond just um okay well well so so Theory and discuss some of the most important important important important important important important real world macro questions of okay you know like I mean uh like our time time time time time time time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today today today today today today today. I'm going so so like like okay well to be celebrating the life and and and and and and and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. And it means you know you know you you you you you you you know like well so we get to spend the day with family people. We've not not not not not not not seen for a long time well so um um okay you know. We get get get get get get get to share stories about this woman that was in our life and like like um um um um um um um well like um so important to many of us and I wanted to just acknowledge acknowledge acknowledge acknowledge acknowledge acknowledge acknowledge so uh you know well um so that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined Intertwined Intertwined Intertwined Intertwined Intertwined Intertwined and intertwined and intertwined and intertwined and intertwined and intertwined and intertwined and that today I I I I I I I know we're going like okay uh um okay um to have a great time time time time time time time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving um I mean you know so so so so so so so um okay and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and and and and and and and the Ridiculousness of uh um so I mean like uh humans and human nature nature nature nature nature nature nature. And so today I want you to kind of join um I mean okay like like like like like like like you know like me not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone I I I I I I I mean you know I mean um okay um. That's exclusive that's exclusive that's exclusive that's that's that's that's that's that's that's exclusive that's exclusive that's exclusive that's exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing missing missing missing missing missing missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode you know uh well so okay well that explores explores explores explores explores explores explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan uh like you you you you you you you know I mean um okay television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more more more more more more more mini episodes like this follow okay I mean okay you know well well well well well well well well gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a a a a a a a television set um so you know so well I mean and turned on the news news news news news news news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most uh you know okay so so so so so so so well like legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of of of of of of of the Moon. The Apollo the Apollo the Apollo the Apollo the Apollo the Apollo the Apollo 11 moon.
Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not so like like like like like like like like I mean like I mean not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not not not not not not not and then I'll see like you know well okay you know so what I'm Molly Molly Molly Molly Molly Molly Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just um so like like like like like like like okay um you know talking about how we can believe it would Made Made Made Made Made Made Made it to episode 5 but I uh I mean so like um you know know know know know know know was telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me me me me me me me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't well okay okay uh uh I mean it feel like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been a while. Yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, because yeah, because I'm not used to spending as so um well like like like like like like like like you know much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy that's that's that's that's that's that's that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy every so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay okay like other week or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly crossing the line. What happened what happened what happened what happened what happened what what what what what what what happened what happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
Why do why do why do why do why do why do why do I I I I I I I like this? What do what do what do what do what do what what what what what what what do what do I do? We doing this you are okay well you know know know know know know know so so okay you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I I I I I I I am spaghetti. Yes on yes on yes on yes on yes on yes on yes on on on on on on on okay so uh um you know I mean one shirt already. Wait. What What What What What What What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already like you know know know know know know know like um okay you know mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening listening listening listening listening listening listening that I've got puke on I mean um so well you know um um um um um um um my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't it doesn't it it it it it it it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't really have well well so so so so so so so so so I mean the same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. Hello. Welcome well you know like well so I mean to I just gulped gulped gulped gulped gulped gulped gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do so like you know know know know know know know um okay so I like this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what yes what yes what what what what what what what yes what yes what yes what yes what Treasures bring you to the the the the the the the okay I mean okay so like so table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start start start start start brushing on uh uh I mean well so well the top of your mouth on on on on on on on one side and brush a little circles so like you know you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk like well like like like like like like like you know okay you know about a heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an an an an an an an incredible artist who well uh uh so okay so overcame incredible odds, odds, odds, odds, odds, odds, odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen was born to a poor family well um well like you you you you you you you know uh in England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because because because because because because because she was so you know um I mean you know I mean born with no no no no no no no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she was just um um um um um um um I mean uh okay um uh a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using using using using using using using her mouth. Switcher rushing to the um well you know well so like other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues issues issues issues issues issues issues or try okay you know uh you know okay um to create false images images images images images images images of ourselves. We think we think we think we think we think we think we we we we we we we think there is enough of that going on well um I mean well well well well well well well uh I mean in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind behind behind behind behind behind behind this you know uh um I mean well okay podcast is to speak to and and and and and and and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being um okay I mean like like like like like like like well like real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not not not not not not not weak. Actually, it's quite I mean um okay you know so I mean the the the the the the the opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean well I mean uh through our struggle and we want want want want want want want this podcast to serve as a reminder that so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um well in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when our our our our our our our backs okay well like so um I mean are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons uh uh you know I mean well uh the music in this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So a um um um um you you you you you you you know um big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and and and and and and and uh you know um okay well okay loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah, and of course, we've well well well uh uh like got a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well well I mean um just straight away no first. Of all of all all all all all all all of all of all of all of all of all just tell us about about about about about about about yourselves and ye uh uh um well like okay introduce yourself to listeners at home. I I I I I I I know I know I know I know I know I know I know you you you you you you you very well, but obviously people at so so you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year year year year year year year from well so so uh like you know Hill bead studying physical geography geography geography geography geography geography geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's okay that's okay that's that's that's that's that's that's that's okay that's okay that's okay that's okay that's okay I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose lose lose lose lose lose lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I okay well well I mean I mean well said, I'm not not not not not not not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up what's up what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up friends puff like well uh so so so so so so so well uh stuff podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate we appreciate we appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate you being here. We're doing this this this this this this this so I mean you know so uh so really cool thing right now with with with with with with with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give away uh you know know know know know know know um uh I mean like their products to a handful of our listeners. And And And And And And And see what you like um I mean I mean so like you know don't don't don't don't don't don't don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, basically, basically, basically, basically, basically, basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're just going to get like a like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know so um couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're I mean so I mean I mean um um um um um um um like going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do do do do do do do like well I mean like well you know go to the puff and and and and and and and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of I mean well you know know know know know know know well uh okay the page and just tell us why you want to try try try try try try try it out. Maybe uh you know well well um so you've tried CBD products before before before before before before before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to so well okay like so so so so so so so uh different companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just just just just just just just curious. Maybe earlier maybe um you know um you know okay well there's there's there's there's there's there's there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any any any any any any any um um okay uh you know uh other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless god bless god bless god bless god bless god god god god god god god bless god bless you Derek. I you know well okay um uh so love you you you you you you you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so um is dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step step step step step step step program. We support people's uh um I mean so I mean so right to drink drink drink drink drink drink drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um uh well to sobriety. This show this show this show this show this this this this this this this show this show this show is intended to highlight the benefits of a a a a a a a sober life you know you know you know um um uh. We want to to to to to to to encourage healing and transformation. This show this show this show this show this show this show show show show show show show this show is for anyone that is um you know okay okay um okay struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon I I I I I I I mean like you know okay you know um. I am I am I am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a podcast. Let like like okay um I mean like me explain it's free. There is is is is is is is creation tool that allows you to record and edit your well so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your your your podcast for so um like like so I mean you. So it can be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more well well um you know know know know know know know uh I mean you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener listener listener listener listener listener listener ships. It's everything you um um you know well I mean um need to to to to to to to make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember I remember I I I I I I I remember I remember I remember I remember I remember that like uh so um um um um um um um uh uh day like it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling fooling fooling fooling fooling fooling fooling around sending I mean you know well well well um messages to strangers and then then then then then then then I look at that body and had face so I mean okay okay um um um um um um um uh and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't the third episode of the series uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay so and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost almost almost almost almost almost almost we almost we almost we almost we almost we almost we almost there today. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to you you you you you you you know I mean I mean um okay I mean talk a lot about experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but most um like like um um um um um um um um okay importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about you know I mean like so you know uh it. I thought why not desert episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Costco nothing special but why not just talk okay well I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made made made made made made made me like I mean like like I mean uh who I am today. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately got like so well uh you know so shut down due due due due due due due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like so well you know in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white white white white white white white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you grams so okay I mean uh well like like like like like like like 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh so uh relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that that that that that that that. We've learned and um uh well okay you know well still learning so grab a cold cold cold cold cold cold cold brew and join us at the table. This well like uh well uh so so so so so so so is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give give give give give give give a little you know so like I mean you know I mean shout out to to to to to to to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to like well okay I mean well well well well well well well so say hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little little little little little little little and I mean um um uh okay like I have a shout-out to to Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry the Platypus just wish that you never I mean you know um well well um um um um um um um seen. What is what is what is what is what is what is what is that that that that that that that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us okay you know so so I I I I I I I mean you know. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like he's like like like like like like like he's like he's like he's like he's like he's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be be be be be be be you know um okay I mean okay I mean hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And And And And And And And since I made it here I can make it I mean so like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used I used I used used used used used used used I used I used I used I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome like um uh like okay so back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and and and and and and and Sheriff here ready to talk you know uh uh you know you know like about about about about about about about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped pumped pumped pumped pumped pumped pumped um so I mean well uh okay. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of the one of the the first like well okay well okay you know you know know know know know know know not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts and like well okay okay you know um other things going to talk about besides just you you you you you you you know overarching principle. So I mean you know you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the the the the the the the difference between you know uh I mean uh I mean so a goal goal goal goal goal goal goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we so so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea idea idea idea idea idea idea well I mean uh okay uh like like, you know, Tyler what are you you you you you you you talking about? So I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll break it down well uh uh uh um you know real quick and basically what me me me me me me me and sheriff came up with one more I mean you know well like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh thing about what we came up with what we what we have found to to to to to to to I mean okay you know like I mean um be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard um you know know know know know know know well well okay uh about the anchor app, let me explain a few things because because because because because because because it's the um um um uh well uh easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running you know well well you know well well well well well well well well wild podcast. We use we use we use we use we use we we we we we we we use we use anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's like like like like like like like uh uh I mean uh well free. That's correct. You don't have to to to to to to to pay a single dime to make your own um I mean you know um um um um um um um uh well podcast. Also, there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your your your your your your your podcast well okay I mean you know so uh right from your phone your your your your your your your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute uh okay um like like like like like like like like so your podcast for you. So you don't have to worry about it. It can can can can can can can be um um um okay you know like heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and and many more platforms. You can also make uh okay uh well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh money from your podcast and everybody loves making more money. So go download the free free free free free free free anchor so well okay well I mean uh app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to to to to to to to read and okay okay like so uh I mean I'm the creator of Love positivism positivism positivism positivism positivism positivism positivism. I'm here to help you on your spiritual you know uh you know well well well well well well well I mean okay and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher a student of you know I mean like well um you know Chinese medicine a a a a a a a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh. I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I want I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um like so I mean to grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to to to to to to to this week's episode today. We well I mean well uh um okay will be doing doing doing doing doing doing doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a heart to to to to to to to like like well well okay okay heart acceptance live and neck get it live to to to to to to to neck. It's okay. It's the first so like you know uh I mean like shot shot shot shot shot shot shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep going. You're right, except it's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well like you know you know live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I I I I I I I got it live to neck live I mean um you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This may be be be be be be be a train like like you know you know I mean so wreck. It It It It It It It may be like if it is we're just gonna go with the like I I I I I I I mean like I mean um um flow. That's us and let the train train train train train train train hit us - oh man. I'm just saying um you know so so uh like like like like like like like go with the flow of things the flow of the train. Hitting our bodies like like like like like like like so like okay I mean okay great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up up up up up up up grow up grow up grow up grow up grow up grow up so well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay. Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting starting starting starting starting starting starting. I ruined like like um well you know so the entire. I did not not not not not not not we can go again once I got my stirring I mean so you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay spoon. Thank you. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All um um um um um um um so I mean like I mean so hosted by its most by Mitchell Mitchell Mitchell Mitchell Mitchell Mitchell Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes you know okay um like uh you know know know know know know know back. Welcome back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll kick okay you know um uh well you know off with the sponsors. Give them them them them them them them give them give them give them give them give them give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a there's a lot of a well I mean well okay okay well well well well well well well lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make a like like like like like like like well I mean I mean you know I mean tournament work. So I'm so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm going to demonstrate to to to to to to to you just exactly how we do a shotgun um okay um you know like like like like like like like I mean start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in in in in in in in the you know uh you know so like I mean same team record membership membership membership membership membership membership membership number in March will we during the Australian I mean um you know uh I I I I I I I mean uh by the end of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What What What What What What What so like you know um okay uh do we want to see against against against against against against against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a okay well okay uh you know um um um um um um um fantastic win against last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss okay you you you you you you you know okay uh okay uh this and more on the blue bag is Welcome to the the the the the the the blue bag has I'm Andy so um like I mean I mean so. I'm here here here here here here here with Chris. How are how are how are how are how are how are how are are are are are are are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you okay well like uh um um um um um um um um doing? Andy really good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few few few few few few few days later well so you know well okay um than we would have liked liked liked liked liked liked liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early um um like well well well well well well well you know I mean you vacation. So this is the first time we've been been been been been been been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr like um like you know uh okay co-ack. Well, yeah at a very special guest or or or or or or or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right like uh um well uh so. So So So So So So So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked over like like like like like like like like uh um like you know the yeah. It's been it's been it's been it's been been been been been been been it's been it's been it's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's there's there's there's there's there's there's good moments um I mean like okay so so and bad moments, but but but but but but but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've anything you've anything anything anything anything anything anything anything you've anything you've anything you've anything you've anything you've like uh like uh you you you you you you you know so enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind of of of of of of of felt so um okay well okay like happy about is like, you know people, people, people, people, people, people, people, you know accepting me for who I um you know like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you you you you you you you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here well well well well well well well well you know uh like like. Just want to give a shout out to to to to to to to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what well okay so well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you you you you you you you know, what I mean well well uh um I mean links up to Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing so uh so I I I I I I I mean um you know I love about it is the fact that it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. So download so download so download so download so download so download so download the the the the the the the free anchor like um you know I mean so so app and go to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In this I mean like like like like like like like well okay so so episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This This This This This This This episode is powerful. This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is here to remove the.
Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I I I I I I I so you know uh so you know um am Sapphire cindello now get get get get get get get cozy and open your mind because it's like okay you know uh like you know know know know know know know story time. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be sharing um you know I mean I mean I mean so the the the the the the the supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to well well well well well well well um you know okay well I mean share a story or need paranormal advice send send send send send send send an email to stories with sapphire at gmailcom uh okay like um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear so I mean um um um um um um um um you know well and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections um you you you you you you you know okay okay you know uh. We're going with day one. The Tuesday first first first first first first first race of the day of the I mean you know I mean uh like I I I I I I I mean meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got we've got we've got we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got we've got we've got we've got shishkin at five to uh like so so you you you you you you you know you know two Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise noise noise noise noise noise noise and then we've got my you know uh so so like so pick a a a a a a a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with you know you you you you you you you know um you know I mean um Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding him on on on on on on on the day. Two main Market while I so you know I mean um you you you you you you you know okay was issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up up up up up up up there because like um I mean okay so you know they've got probably the the the the the the the best form of all the horses in the race. She I she I she I I I I I I I she I she I she I she I mean okay like um uh I mean skin skin skin skin skin skin skin very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this this this this this this this okay uh I mean you know I mean um year looking very very impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in I mean so I mean well well um um um um um um um a bump of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know I mean okay um winner over hurdle so far this season, season, season, season, season, season, season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
That's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a a a a a a a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so uh okay bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We We We We We We We um like well okay uh like got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna we're we're we're we're we're we're we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna be talking about the the the the the the the Desi strong I mean I mean so I mean well um game of new polls polls polls polls polls polls polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll well so you know know know know know know know I mean well okay has ended up getting the W girls going to be be be be be be be talking about who we I mean well uh I mean so you know think is is is is is is is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could could could could could could could uh uh you know so uh so win it. So stay so stay so stay so so so so so so so stay so stay so stay so stay tuned to find out who would might be be be be be be be and then well well I mean um um I mean we're going to end end end end end end end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the you know well well well well well well well well uh like okay season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a a a a a a a little bit uh you know well well uh well. Bit, so bit, so bit, so bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, so bit, so bit, so bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So So So So So So So let's get into it Saint uh so so like um so Rose had a long long long long long long long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls so uh I I I I I I I mean um uh um on Saturday. And then and then and then and then and and and and and and and then and then and then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now now now now now now now and now and now and now and now and now and now today they're playing playing playing playing playing playing playing so um so I mean I mean so Yeshiva. Yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first conference game. It'll be it'll be be be be be be be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing show uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know okay you know well start brushing on the top of your your your your your your your mouth on one side and brush the inside well you know okay like like like like like like like um like outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day this this this this this this this week I mean like so well okay you know. We've talked about a heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai the so so so so so so so so you know uh I mean well woman who started the green belt movement movement movement movement movement movement movement one Garden was born in a okay okay okay I mean uh um country in in in in in in in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full I mean so so so so so so so um you know uh uh of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was was was was was was was everywhere but soon that would well like um uh uh so change. Switch or or or or or or or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um like like I mean so you know going to be doing regularly once a week week week week week week week to cover the basic science of well uh um you know okay like the the the the the the the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity uh well well well well well well well I mean I mean so okay to the conversation about this this illness illness illness illness illness illness illness in sort of the electronic discourse that so uh you know I mean I I I I I I I mean I mean goes About it to try to just seal fact from fiction fiction fiction fiction fiction fiction fiction. There's a well I mean like I mean you know okay lot of Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz right now in the media. I believe that there's been a you know well I I I I I I I mean so um I mean very severe, you know response already like last week week week week week week week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
Hey, this is David. It's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's me, it's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode okay like so I mean uh so of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going we're going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to get into a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of topics including you know I mean uh okay so you know our first first first first first first first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of stuff like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay uh here spam calls from different parts of the country. If If If If If If If you know what um okay well I mean so well I'm picking up, up, up, up, up, up, up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our like like well well well well well well well uh well well multimedia class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been been been been been been been reacting to so I mean uh um okay so them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the the the the the the the best thing about spam calls obviously is I mean you know you know like well well well well well well well like just messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my my my my my my my first uh okay like um you know um spam collar at least one of of of of of of of the earliest big walls. I remember I remember I remember I remember I remember I remember I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with uh so so so so so so so um I mean well like us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon Marathon Marathon Marathon Marathon Marathon Marathon trials review plenty of well you know I mean well you know like stuff to to to to to to to preview. But first but first but first but first but first but first but but but but but but but first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier I mean okay you know know know know know know know okay like um and it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do do do do do do do it on I mean uh you know um so um the fly, but bear bear bear bear bear bear bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um well this is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right Right Right Right Right Right Right now. We're at track me okay so okay like I mean I mean where where where where where where where the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over um um um um um um um um you know um so so here. Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who who who who who who who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a a a a a a a I mean uh um like well well half. What does sex Bingo and tail because because because because because because because I missed that so it was a so like you know um well well well well well well well okay little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through through through through through through through the roof. We had we had we had we had we had we had we had had had had had had had uh um um I mean okay you know just about over a hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred people in one room, which was probably a fire hazard um uh so um um um um um um um so like looking back at it but us being students not our number one problem problem problem problem problem problem problem and well um uh I mean I mean well really it was just bingo. So So So So So So So anybody could win and there were Current objects of uh okay so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure what is so um um um um um um um well well like okay safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of curve that but also objects to you know I mean like okay you know know know know know know know like practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on on on on on on on the watch uh okay well so okay well of Plymouth State. There's over there's over over over over over over over there's over there's over there's over there's over there's over a thousand dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these like like like you know um like objects objects objects objects objects objects objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down I I I I I I I mean like you know well like um the top 31 Sports scandals of the past past past past past past past 31 years. Today. We're going back so okay okay I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was was was was was was was tyson was tyson was delivered a knockout punch and I mean okay well well well well well well well uh so I mean charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Washington for more well like uh um well I mean shocking sports events events events events events events events from history tune in right here every day to our March okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well I mean like Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get get get get get get get your podcasts. In a Las so uh you know okay okay I mean Vegas gym on September 10th 10th 10th 10th 10th 10th 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag okay like I mean so um um um um um um um I mean his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are we are we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are talking about the principle principle principle principle principle principle principle of uh um so okay so you know quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement movement movement movement movement movement movement. But also quarter extremity movement violations, okay okay so like well okay we're going to to to to to to to dive specifically today into the importance of it and where to okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have have have have have have have for you you know like well I mean well I mean is when were were were were were were were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter extremity um okay okay so like like like like like like like well the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically physically physically physically physically physically physically introduced to it well well so well so like probably day one is an athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete like as a little kid. They just don't so well well well like um um um um um um um teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically you know know know know know know know so uh well well um the first thing you teaching most kids to do is is is is is is is probably jumping or throwing something um well um you know well I mean right right right right right right right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today today today today today today today in I mean like okay well so you know this episode of podcast. I'll direct direct direct direct direct direct direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's well I mean you know uh like so so so so so so so an Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya sahitya sahitya sahitya sahitya sahitya sahitya uh okay okay well okay well Academy Awards and Padma Shri. I found found found found found found found the story in an old book of mine uh like I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like and there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he he he he he he he I mean okay like uh uh like brings characters to life. I am personally a big big big big big big big fan of his writings you know you know well so you know I I I I I I I mean and today you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the the the the the the the story I mean like um uh um you know while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
all you all you all you all you all you all you all you you you you you you you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to um um um um um um um um so uh uh well get to the other side of today everything that that that that that that that has happened up till I mean um okay uh so you know now everything everything everything everything everything everything everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you okay well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay you will get you through today, whatever situation you land in well well well well well well well I mean I mean so like okay whatever it is you have got this so so so so so so so 2% back yourself and know that okay you know you know like okay I mean today today today today today today today is your day. This is your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm well well well well well well well I mean okay um like uh here on volley and I'll be back with with with with with with with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In okay so so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay the meantime. Go for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If If If If If If If okay uh I mean you know I mean you know you enjoy everyday positivity, please please please please please please please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you thank you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you so much for joining you you you you you you you know like okay you know well so today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded this episode and that you choose well you know you know uh like you know to to to to to to to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be able to to to to to to to get uh I mean uh you know I mean I mean through this introduction without losing losing losing losing losing losing losing my voice. So today's episode is something I couldn't wait I mean like I I I I I I I mean uh I mean I mean to publish. The guest today is a a a a a a a fellow Irishman the very first wash guest of a podcast so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh um so. And someone I have followed on social media for a long long long long long long long while now. I'd uh so uh like well you know actually heard of this this this this this this this guest back on another podcast God over a year ago. Now um uh you you you you you you you know um I mean I mean whilst I was training for the London marathon marathon marathon marathon marathon marathon marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy so okay well um like you know is is is is is is is crazy like what he has achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements achievements achievements achievements achievements achievements achievements. He is he is he is he is he is he is he is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we well um um um um um um um uh uh well I mean have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to to to to to to to Joe Andrews Sensei of um uh I mean well uh okay Street Shotokan. Karate club club club club club club club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where finally where finally where where where where where where where finally where finally where finally where finally where we well uh so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well mentioned. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, and okay you know well um well so we we have and I've been been been been been been been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, um you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are Are Are Are Are Are Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but but but but but but but I'm uh well uh so um uh trying to pretend I'm not okay. We've had we've we've we've we've we've we've we've had we've had we've had we've had we've had we've had a lot of trouble getting getting getting getting getting getting getting this podcast so so okay uh uh you know episode set up because because because because because because because my microphone I feel like it's only really good uh well I mean so so so so so so so um well for one person and that I feel like our audio is always always always always always always always a little off I mean well like um you know well and you you you you you you you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're uh so well I I I I I I I mean well uh probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, but anyway, but anyway, but anyway, but anyway, but anyway, but anyway, welcome to yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so well I mean you know you know you know we said it with me. Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in I mean I I I I I I I mean um you know well so. This is a mother-daughter podcast where where where where where where where we answer your life advice questions that you I mean I mean I mean um um um um um um um um so emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I and I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I and I would say it's a a a a a a a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not so so so I mean uh so like something fun was vibrant. What's up? up up up up up up Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to like like um like well well well well well well well well the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's cold as as as as as as as I mean so okay I mean um like fuck in here. My balls are really really really really really really really small. I'm nippy as fuck what your balls are so well so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that just because because because because because because because your balls are well um like well I mean like small because that's that's that's that's that's that's that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's up? Welcome back welcome back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean okay. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like like like like like like like I like I like I like I like I like I like that hat dude so so so so so so so okay okay so you know like. Thank you. I stole it from my my my my my my my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your your your your your your your children well so well like um um and your partner. We are going to to to to to to to give you tips and strategies to create peace okay well like okay okay uh and and and and and and and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer like like like like like like like so you know I mean so um writer and Mom to three boys boys boys boys boys boys boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am so like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to mom to mom to mom mom mom mom mom mom mom to mom to mom to mom to four kids ages 11 9 you you you you you you you know you know like I mean so so 5 & 3 we inhale a a a a a a a This amount of books and life tools and distill um so well you know um um um um um um um so the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together together together together together together together. Okay, everybody. I have so like well you know well I mean a high five five five five five five five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people people people people people people people that blue light before bed. So like so like so like so like so like so like so like artificial light.
Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from from from from from from from I mean well you know okay I mean um. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is is is is is is is the executive creative director at cnx leading um um so so okay like a team team team team team team team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over well uh okay well well well well well well well I mean so the world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista modernista modernista modernista modernista modernista modernista in uh okay you know uh okay well Boston and anomaly in New York York York York York York York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's well you know so uh I mean like like like like like like like also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay so well uh he'll be our co-host from time to time throughout version version version version version version version final here are a couple highlights um um um like like okay from our our our our our our our conversation. We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he so so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well was young. And suddenly and suddenly and suddenly and suddenly and suddenly and and and and and and and suddenly and suddenly this is guy who came into the scene and we uh like like like like like like like like you know uh like all know who he is, which is Michael Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan and I was really okay you know I mean okay I mean uh young young young young young young young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not a a a a a a a like well okay uh so um horse girl. Like I like I like I like like like like like like like I like I like I like I can't think of anything. Who does that? that that that that that that I'm gonna go finger like you know um well like okay the icing over another another another another another another another company. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial. Hello and welcome so okay well well well well well well well um well you know back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and and and and and and and this week. We are so um um you know um I mean talking about the the the the the the the laws of attraction. Are they hot or are you just desperate? How I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know well okay I mean was your day? My day day day day day day day was very boring. How was yours? I was also okay so uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know very boring but for very I assume very different reasons. So I I I I I I I was summoned um um I mean like uh you know to jury duty duty duty duty duty duty duty today. Not sure how much I can talk about but I you know um um um um um um um well you know um you know will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting texting texting texting texting texting texting and well uh um okay I mean well FaceTime. We all probably have those devices devices devices devices devices devices devices on our phones. I do a lot of you know okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see see see see see see see them some of you so like um so okay so listen to them some of of of of of of of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and I mean well well uh I mean um um um um um um um then move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first first first first first first first uncovered um um you know well okay um Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if if if if if if if you're over the age of 25 and that um you know I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it it it it it it it. I'm I mean uh I mean like uh okay not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay I mean I mean okay to help with your you love love love love love love love with your day lemmas and try to make life a I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay I mean better place for you over to live in and stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff like sets and shit from you know okay so okay uh well dickhead dickhead dickhead dickhead dickhead dickhead dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just I just I just I just I just I just I just pass out.
This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming live live live live live live live well so like you know um I mean on YouTube. We are dumb money money money money money money money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm um so you know um I I I I I I I mean okay Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and and and and and and and so okay so so well well look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's up? Dude, hey, how's I mean you know like like well I mean it going? going going going going going going Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special so I I I I I I I mean so well well so broadcast. We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we we we we we we we have to well so okay you know I mean I mean talk about Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all um um okay so so so so so so so uh well investors in not as users of the company, but we're actual investors in in in in in in in the series a um like um like well okay shares of Robin Hood markets markets markets markets markets markets markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that well well uh so um um um um um um um um is kind of changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by by by by by by by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Sunday uh well okay um well I mean. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are are are are are are are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we just want uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um you know to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping helping helping helping helping helping helping fill in today is I mean so so you know so I mean doing doing doing doing doing doing doing and we had to our pour one out for the homies. Yeah, that's um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so I mean I mean why it's that's why I said music music music music music music music starting off. No. No, it's sad music starting you know okay um you know know know know know know know uh um off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more more more more more more more fried so so well I mean well so a podcast. Shout out weaves weaves weaves weaves weaves weaves weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot uh well I mean so so so so so so so well I mean guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying you into your weekend uh okay okay well um you know. We're going going going going going going going to start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this hopefully, this this this this this this this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this is a so I I I I I I I mean well you know okay well whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is this is this is this is is is is is is is this is this is this is the crypto Cana me. If you if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you I mean I I I I I I I mean okay uh well okay guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped an article on okay well I mean I mean well okay his medium page and and and and and and and it's another great one about around the concept of okay you know like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um Bitcoin as a living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the the the the the the the so like so you know you know so read and then we'll talk a little little little little little little little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin okay you know you know know know know know know know like you know like is surviving and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously previously previously previously previously previously previously Bitcoin is a um okay you know well you know I mean living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're you you you you you you you know uh well so okay well here to talk about American football. So I I I I I I I go into the NFL after the okay you know um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like demo for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one one one one one one one with Drew you know okay you know um um like Brees on the cover. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC okay um okay um I mean um um um um um um um Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was was was was was was was the game I mean you know uh uh so you know that you could play play play play play play play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that demo okay so well well well well well well well uh um well. That was that was that was that was that was that that that that that that that was that was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be be be be be be be a broadcaster? well you know I mean so um like Yeah, because I chose chose chose chose chose chose chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly because I so well uh uh well well well well well well well you know have a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt felt felt felt felt felt felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang like like like like like like like well like uh um I mean today. I'm sharing with you about the feds feds feds feds feds feds feds emergency 50 basis point cut the so uh um okay um um fat unanimously unanimously unanimously unanimously unanimously unanimously unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material uh you know I I I I I I I mean okay uh I mean change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated I mean like like I mean I I I I I I I mean I mean that the virus and the measures that are being taken taken taken taken taken taken taken to contain. It like so um like well okay will surely way on economic activity activity activity activity activity activity activity both in the US and abroad for some time uh well okay you know know know know know know know I mean uh. This came this came this came this came this came this came came came came came came came this came earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about about about about about about about okay so like okay I mean um the FED being cornered in to a a a a a a a 50 basis point cut by market. The question um well I mean I I I I I I I mean uh uh that remains is where will the FED go from here? If you reference reference reference reference reference reference reference the G7 um so like so so so meeting of Finance Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So you know I mean so so so so so so so so okay okay our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm you know uh well like uh I mean 16 today. This is another Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the like um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know do I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Thou Thou Thou Thou Thou Thou Art my Lord um okay so uh so like. I have I have I have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have no good be on thee as for for for for for for for the saints that are in the earth you know I mean uh you you you you you you you know you know um. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my my my my my my my delight their sorrows shall be so okay um well like um multiplied that exchange the Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood. I will you know you know um um um um um um um so I mean okay not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord the Lord the Lord the Lord the Lord the Lord the Lord is the portion you you you you you you you know like you know I mean okay so of my inheritance and of my cup Dow Dow Dow Dow Dow Dow Dow maintains my lat the Lines are well so okay I mean like well Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The The The The The The The well like well like I mean like Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to inside the the the the the the the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner well like you you you you you you you know um like so. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring spring spring spring spring spring spring UCLA match. I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you know you know um so well you know not annoyed. I'm annoyed at at at at at at at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay I mean well okay I I I I I I I mean um okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually we're actually we're actually we're actually we're actually actually actually actually actually actually actually we're actually we're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got got got got got got got the Athletics um uh like you know um like goalkeeping Guru map his his his his his his his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is what is what is is is is is is is what is what is what is what is uh I mean so um you know so so so so so so so up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy happy happy happy happy happy happy to be Back, you you know okay so you know um uh know, know, know, know, know, know, know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk well uh you know um well like MLS from Europe. Yeah you yeah you yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah you go you go all all all all all all all the way to Sweden to find somebody to um like okay well um like tell tell tell tell tell tell tell him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how many hours a a a a a a a okay okay uh okay so I mean day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I I I I I I I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a a a a a a a well well well like okay like person suffers from a sense of being being being being being being being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic event okay okay so well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the the the the the the the biggest uh so well I mean okay well underlying causes of depression. And there and and and and and and and there and there and there and there and there and there was a study they they they they they they they did with two mice. They uh like you know well I mean like had one one one one one one one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock, but no uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh like I mean I mean way to get out the other other other other other other other Mouse when they gave the shock to you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get out out out out out out out I mean like well okay uh you know of the cage. The interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting the interesting the interesting the interesting the interesting the interesting the interesting thing about that that that that that that that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick quick quick quick quick quick quick um you know uh so so so shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who who who who who who who tuned in and listening to my um so like uh so okay podcast and minor minor minor minor minor minor minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know like okay podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get get get get get get get this one off the ground like um you know well uh you know. He know me me me me me me me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how do I I I I I I I uh like I mean like so you know record an episode? How do how do how how how how how how how do how do how do how do how do I get my show into like like like like like like like All the apps all uh uh you know you know um um um um um um um like the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from my podcast? okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know you know um uh Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it it it it it it it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man yeah, man yeah, man yeah, man yeah, man man man man man man man yeah, man yeah, man you know um like you know uh so. Anchor is anchor is is is is is is is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording recording recording recording recording recording recording hosting and distributing your podcast and you you know so okay okay well like ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the okay okay uh uh like well app I'm using it is definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation like I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your your your your your your your podcast from I mean well well okay like you know your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple like like well you know know know know know know know I mean okay and many more without having to do anything which is great great great great great great great and you can um okay well like I mean like make money from from from from from from from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You like like like like like like like uh I mean so okay um gotta grind you got to get to where you're going going going going going going going. So it's everything uh okay uh okay you know so you need to do do do do do do do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like well the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get in the I mean um so so well I mean madness. Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything you know know know know know know know uh I mean um you know you know in YG's podcast Your Grace showed showed showed showed showed showed showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you know so you know know know know know know know well uh um you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it it it it it it it keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how how how how how how how uh you know well um like like we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We We We We We We We use the anchor dot you know uh uh so uh like f m-- recording recording recording recording recording recording recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's so like well well well well well well well um you know so creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right right right right right right right from your phone um so uh you know I mean okay or a computer computer computer computer computer computer computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free okay um well like like like like like like like so you know anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to to to to to to to you by jig Master jigs so you know uh okay you know okay when in doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% so well I I I I I I I mean well so I mean off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and and and and and and and fin podcast Network. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is this is um like I mean so um uh the final cash segment segment segment segment segment segment segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products products products products products products products get in bed. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the final cast.
Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to to to to to to to be well you know um so well I mean talking about male multiple orgasms and so so so so so so so stick around to hear more about this I mean um um um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh juicy stuff. Do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh so levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in in in in in in in your life. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to I mean um um okay well I mean the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we we we we we we we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual uh so I mean uh um um um um um um um I mean Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth myth myth myth myth myth myth in our well well like well uh you know world that the ejaculatory orgasm is is is is is is is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's that's uh well well you know know know know know know know I mean um the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him you know okay uh well well I mean limp unmotivated and and and and and and and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man uh you know know know know know know know I mean uh okay okay who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then then then then then then then he rolls over I mean so I mean you know I mean you know and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all um um um um um um um um you know you know um okay about living your life with intention each week week week week week week week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me so so okay so you know you you you you you you you know and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is hope is hope is is is is is is is hope is hope is hope is hope is that by listening you two I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well like I mean you know will be inspired to wake up every every every every every every every morning with intention it all begins with you uh um so okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, my beautiful like like uh you know um so office is Breezy and I I I I I I I feel like Breezy. I always say your name like like okay like uh uh like your your your your your your your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay old okay okay okay okay okay okay okay old okay old okay old okay old okay old okay old you know well like you you you you you you you know you know so like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really really really really really really really know Madonna's last name? Huh? like I like I like I like I like I I I I I I I like I like I mean well like uh um No idea Tony. Oh God. Why Why Why Why Why Why Why do why do why do why do why do why do why do you you you you you you you know that because it's like mine. Go I mean you know like uh um um um um um um um you know with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is is is is is is is Sean Gerber joined like like um well you know you know by Paul Herman. How How How How How How How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and you know uh like so so so so so so so so I mean just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird weird weird weird weird weird weird being sick I mean well like so I mean I mean and trying to recoup its its its its its its its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm headed I'm headed the right way. I'm okay you know like I mean you you you you you you you know um headed the right direction. I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think I think I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On On On On On On On I mean okay like well okay well the mend we did a couple patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night and okay okay you you you you you you you know like well okay you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you stuck it well um uh uh you know well out for our wonderful patrons patrons patrons patrons patrons patrons patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so okay you know okay you know know know know know know know okay okay for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make make make make make make make sure you're following well um I mean you know uh uh us on our Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot of you know so you know I I I I I I I mean well okay things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing doing doing doing doing doing doing very very well um uh well like like you know. Good job, but also also also also also also also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload upload upload upload upload upload upload this stuff? so well okay you know um uh You haven't heard about anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it all about so like so um I mean like like like like like like like Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of so um um um um um um um like so like well all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing. Really? Yeah. So are we like so well uh you know so just dumping the the the the the the the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do things with I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like um like like it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast so okay I mean um okay um um um um um um um right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is that is that is that that that that that that that is that is that is that is so awesome. Yes I mean um um um um um um um you know I mean like um. Now is it? It just it just it it it it it it it just it just it just it just it just on anchor or does it it it it it it it go anywhere else after uh uh you know well um I mean you post post post post post post post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so I like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay like can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places places places places places places places. You don't okay so uh well you know uh have to do anything but but but but but but but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any um well well like like you know know know know know know know way to make money off of it? Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you can make money starting with uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um like your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right right right right right right right away. You so like um okay uh okay can start making money man man man man man man man. That is awesome. So what so what so what so what so what so what what what what what what what so what you're saying is it's like I mean okay I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh everything you need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
You have not heard about anger. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the easiest way to make you know you know I I I I I I I mean okay so you know a podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof proof proof proof proof proof proof. There are there are there are there are there are there are there are certain certain certain certain certain certain certain tools that allow so so like well okay okay you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can so so you know you know well well well well well well well okay make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to to like I mean um so um well make a podcast in one place. Is arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged is arranged is arranged is arranged is arranged is arranged is arranged marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage a scary proposition last year three you know like you know like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The The The The The The The two parties you know well okay you know I mean you know are engaged and and and and and and and right before the wedding the girl told him that she you know like like like like like like like like uh uh um loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the the the the the the the girl ran you know you know you know well so um away with her boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, but um well so uh um um um um um um um okay within a month my friend found out that she was still in touch touch touch touch touch touch touch with her so well like so so so ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and and and and and and and asked he filed for divorce right okay uh so uh I mean well away. Such Such Such Such Such Such Such experience such experience such experience such experience such experience such experience such experience has made me me me me me me me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to um um um um um um um um so well you know well be explaining to each and every single male male male male male male male out there specifically how to become more um well okay like you know like masculine to to to to to to to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such um I I I I I I I mean so you know like I mean an important topic is because people have have have have have have have no idea nowadays how to actually control their Destiny okay you know like like like like like like like I mean like so or how to actually control their fate so that way way way way way way way they're in control of okay so so um um well what they would like and and and and and and and as a man this is important to your success okay uh well uh well um. This This This This This This This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you want want want want want want want to become so so so um you know well a man of of of of of of of value so that way other men or other people in general can so so so so so so so so uh okay um okay lean on you. You're going to have to learn this this this this this this this. So here's the deal. If you okay uh you know like like um don't have have have have have have have a very high attention span, if you're a person who cannot sit there and and and and and and and um okay well I mean you know you know focus for two to five five five five five five five minutes, you're not going to do very well. Okay, because okay, because okay, because okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, because okay, because okay, because okay, because well well okay I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh this video might take me a little bit to explain so grab grab grab grab grab grab grab a pen grab a uh um I mean uh okay okay paper. If If If If If If If you can't take five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay uh I mean uh featuring this week. Only us to Alfie yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the well okay so uh uh so cutout cutout cutout cutout cutout cutout cutout fee. How are how are how are how are how are how are are are are are are are how are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit I mean um um um um um um um well so okay like lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah sad yeah sad yeah sad yeah sad yeah sad yeah sad times it does. Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously we you know uh um you know so um had our first High-profile guest I I I I I I I guess you could say all due respect to Rob our uh like you you you you you you you know like okay so amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob krob krob krob krob krob krob not quite to okay so um okay okay uh be fair. Neither. Are Are Are Are Are Are Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had our first well like like like like like like like um I mean okay I mean we caught our first big fish and and and and and and and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast like I mean uh um um uh last last last last last last last week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
Alright, so alright, so alright, so alright, so alright, so alright, so alright, so so so so so so so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know so I mean uh to hop on the blue Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So myself like like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we we we we we we we got our first uh so like I mean like I mean contestant. Are you ready? Ready Ready Ready Ready Ready Ready Ready is ready is ready is ready is ready is ready is ready is ever you you you you you you you ready? All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, so so it's nine you know so uh uh you know I mean to to to to to to to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you there there there there there there there like well well uh uh um are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death death death death death death death row who will so you know you know well like well probably die of old old old old old old old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man like like like like like like like okay so um uh like was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from from from from from from from the moment. He was arrested this man um well like so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh wanted the death penalty. He did he did he did he did he did he he he he he he he did he did not not want to grow old in prison so well um um um um um um um um uh so and 34 years later. He got he got he got he got got got got got got got he got he got he got his wish so if you like your okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so um so um coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit sit sit sit sit sit sit back and start your day with a I mean so well um you know know know know know know know okay morning cup of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent spent spent spent spent spent spent like uh so so so so most of his life in Michigan with no no no no no no no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher it's it's it's it's it's it's it's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher conferences here here here here here here here at well well I mean um like I mean Tommy's high school. So I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought maybe I would go around and do something uh so like I mean well well well well well well well well special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if if if if if if if they want um well uh uh you know I mean to answer a question question question question question question question that my students have written. I'm going to pull you know like like you you you you you you you know like you know a question out of the grab bag. It's going it's going going going going going going going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going to IAM impromptu, they're they're they're they're they're they're they're going to well so so um uh okay answer it and we're going to get get get get get get get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the meantime, I um okay okay well like like like like like like like I mean want to let you know that tomorrow. We have we have we have we we we we we we we have we have we have we have another official guest and I you know know know know know know know okay you know um you know you know cannot wait to interview our next guest guest guest guest guest guest guest here on between two Blue um so well well well well Devils. This individual is is is is is is is awesome. And the story that they're going to share with well so you know um um um um um um um like well you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this this this this this this this um uh like like uh well weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of wisdom so like um um so okay from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome Rome Rome Rome Rome Rome Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor you know uh well I mean um like like like like like like like of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through through through through through through through like so like so like well this reading In season 4 episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so you know was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same same same same same same same pain more easily well um so like like okay when they voluntarily undergo undergo undergo undergo undergo undergo undergo it for the sake of their country then when they like I mean so so so so so so so I mean well um suffer it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity intensity intensity intensity intensity intensity intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh like so. Let me explain it's free. There's a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a creation tools that that that that that that that allow you to record well okay so so well well and edit your podcast right right right right right right right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast okay um so so so so so so so so I mean well for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many more you can well uh you know uh um like make money from your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to you know you you you you you you you know you know okay you know uh make podcasts in one place download the free ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle up or good Echo the um well well um like so FM to get started. No No No No No No No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the uh uh um well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed it seemed it it it it it it it seemed it seemed like the dream went on all night long. Okay, like like like like like like like I mean uh I mean I mean um maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake wake wake wake wake wake wake up in the bedroom was filled with the tangible um well okay I I I I I I I mean um uh manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, so well well well well well well well um I mean well well we think teachers hours each week by creating quality quality quality quality quality quality quality downloadable teaching resources for their I mean you know uh um well you know know know know know know know classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday funny okay I mean um so well I mean is is not for little little little little little little little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening uh so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher and professional comedian I mean you know like okay you know like who inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him on so so so so so so so I mean like I mean um like Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's you know okay well you know I I I I I I I mean you know with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I I I I I I I am here with um like um so like so this V. Hey, mr. D D D D D D D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the the the the the the the jam cast-iron okay well I mean you know um well Mark and across from me me me me me me me is John was going back. Hey, man, hey, man, hey, man, hey, man, hey, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, hey, man, hey, man, what's like uh so like um okay happening? Oh good good good good good good good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, are uh well um well I mean um um um um um um um we in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry inquiry inquiry inquiry inquiry inquiry inquiry for okay well so uh you know you know a while? Yeah, very nice nice nice nice nice nice nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, it's very very soft you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well so so fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah hey, yeah hey, yeah hey, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah hey, yeah hey, yeah hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, if you.
Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We We We We We We We need to like I mean I mean okay you know okay actually move on on on on on on on and get better. And how do we do that? We do you know well well well well well well well so so um uh that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really really really really really really really believe that you um um like you know well well can only win or or or or or or or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means well well well well well well well well well uh I mean um you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to smog top small small small small small small small conversations with huge impact. My name my name my name my name my name my name my name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain plain plain plain plain plain plain uh I mean um well well okay sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a a a a a a a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous Michigan so like you know okay okay you know know know know know know know Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends you know know know know know know know uh well well you know um check out our haunted places feed on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only you know I mean um you know um um um um um um um uh episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to to to to to to to well um I mean so okay okay the graphic nature of this urban legend legend legend legend legend legend legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes I mean uh I mean well well like like like like like like like descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under under under under under under under 13 uh you know like okay okay so. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure sure sure sure sure sure sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf well like uh okay uh uh or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this um um um um um um um um I mean okay I mean you know is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty crazy week and a half in the like I mean um I mean uh uh markets markets markets markets markets markets markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well well well well well well well as fixed I mean like I mean I mean okay uh income, but given how how how how how how how things ended the week. I thought it would be beneficial to okay you know know know know know know know okay so well so get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills bills bills bills bills bills bills aux-in. To discuss to discuss to discuss to discuss to discuss to discuss to to to to to to to discuss what he saw uh I mean um I mean you know so over over over over over over over the last week and a half thoughts on the FED Palace comments from um like like like like like like like so okay uh well Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking to to to to to to to do in this type um uh um I mean like like of volatile environment. Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much and enjoy Film okay uh uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like I mean well um to be about irony and Dot feels feels feels feels feels feels feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot like like okay like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure sure sure sure sure sure sure about uh I mean well like so okay blur if he sounds pissed off bloody bloody bloody bloody bloody bloody bloody some pistols not I'm okay so you know so um so um. Fuck I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pissed off my fucking we record this from songs on the first um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know well time. It was only to the second point. So it so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it so it was 14 minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes and okay like so okay um okay I like to do before. Yeah, fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck your login as well. I I mean you know like like I mean um hope hope hope hope hope hope hope it doesn't do that. I could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, so you know know know know know know know uh okay I mean you know I mean welcome to I'm gonna quickly say sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the the the the the the the um so well you know well I mean top 31 Sports scandals of the past past past past past past past 31 years today. We're traveling back to 1995 you know uh well so so so so so so so so you know when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games games games games games games games to pay you know okay so um well you know off gambling debts debts debts debts debts debts debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports okay um um um um um um um okay um you know uh events from history tune in right here every day day day day day day day to our March Madness special well so uh so uh I mean. Listen free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the okay okay like like like like like like like well um okay final buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the the the the the the the Michigan uh uh I mean uh okay well Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats Wildcats Wildcats Wildcats Wildcats Wildcats Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked I mean well well so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your I'm your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your um uh um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a a a I'm a I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical like like like like like like like uh so um so so Psychology. I'm also I'm also I'm also I'm also also also also also also also I'm also I'm also I'm also the founder of the online group group group group group group group therapy platform model that care. I love well okay uh um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us well um um um um um um um like um um um each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that that that that that that that reveal helpful techniques for okay you know well so um like effectively dealing with anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like like like like like like like like so so you know um like and feels like will follow our guests guests guests guests guests guests guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find like okay I mean like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful life with okay well okay like uh like a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to to to to to to to find and reinforce what clients do well um I mean you know okay um um um um um um um like to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model model model model model model model for like um like like so so Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know I mean um well Earth for 20 years old sound sound sound sound sound sound sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh um to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did did did did did did did um like okay so uh well not necessary. Bro, you bro, you bro, you you you you you you you bro, you bro, you bro, you bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if if if if if if if I'm not even talking like okay I mean uh so so to my boy yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from uh uh well well well well well well well well um like a wise doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so okay okay like out cause for me yeah, like resolutions like structure structure structure structure structure structure structure you as a person in it uh okay uh um well okay. Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm. So why do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with with with with with with with um so um so so so where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about uh okay you know know know know know know know so uh uh anchor this is the app that I actually use to make make make make make make make and distribute bitch work um okay I mean like you know okay is how I I I I I I I first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy uh well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay to use. It's an app you download on your phone it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free and it's uh uh uh like I mean well essentially a creation tool that that that that that that that allows you to record and edit your podcast right okay I mean um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's okay it's okay it's okay it's okay it's okay it's okay it's okay I I I I I I I mean I mean you know I mean uh so incredibly easy so it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much like okay okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean more bitch work literally got distribute it to Modify an apple podcasts within a a a a a a a well you know okay uh well like day of me uploading my first episode episode episode episode episode episode episode you can make money from your podcast on like so like so well I I I I I I I mean anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast um um um um um um um uh like well I mean uh and wine place. If you if you if you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you guys want to get started started started started started started started making a podcast or I mean like so you know uh well have an amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing idea download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot so um like um um um um um um um like you know f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am so excited to to to to to to to bring you you know so okay you know I mean like this week's episode of of of of of of of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
Hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my name name name name name name name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so so so. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day day day day day day day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song as you know I mean uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well the best song on the planet. Can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you can you can you beat it? And all it did uh um you know know know know know know know um well um for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for for for for for for for me of all uh okay um so so okay time, which is called Love's in Need of of of of of of of Love Today. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, I mean, first of all you know like so uh uh you know when you come come come come come come come up with a song lyric like that, you've got to okay you know well well you know know know know know know know so go. Um, man, um, man, um, man, um, man, um, man, um, man, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and He's well well well well well well well well like so you know you know my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting and listening to it you know like so well well okay the message on on on on on on on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give you know know know know know know know well well I mean well like the love back to ourselves to for loved loved loved loved loved loved loved it. It's that cycle and um well uh you know well like I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of so so so so so so so um um you know I mean I mean things in your life and fundamentally you you you you you you you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the paper Outpost the okay uh uh um um um um um um um so so joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we we we we we we we are actually making um I mean um um uh well books and when you you you you you you you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so so because we don't teach this in school to people but this this this this this this this is really one of those um uh okay so well well life skills that everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off if they uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like like um made a book at least once in their life, right Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly. My parrot is well okay uh um um I mean talking to me right right right right right right right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books. We so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so you know need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and and and and and and and it's all going digital so okay well you know so uh and we just don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything so like so um you you you you you you you know like from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well you know okay uh um I mean. Let me let me let me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me explain it's free. So if you want to to to to to to to start a podcast, uh well you know so um you know but not sure if it's it's it's it's it's it's it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's you know like like like like like like like uh okay so so no money to put into it. So you're just doing it it it it it it it and if it works like I mean so uh um uh out great, you you you you you you you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money like uh you know know know know know know know uh uh like out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me me me me me me me to want to well you know I mean I mean okay okay go with anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast you know well well I I I I I I I mean okay you know right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will gE gE gE gE gE gE gE will gE will gE will gE will gE will gE will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you uh uh um um uh you know. So it can be heard on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make you know so well well well well well well well so well okay money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found like like like like like like like well like so like so that any other podcast Creator and it's really everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a I mean so uh okay um you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F m-- to get started. You won't you won't you won't you won't you won't you won't you won't regret it. Thanks guys.
Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this and this and this and and and and and and and this and this and this and this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked uh okay I I I I I I I mean um I mean like to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture culture culture culture culture culture culture was important when like like uh um I mean uh they were young Our Guest today today today today today today today is the assistant news editor of the journal body uh um you know like like like like like like like like like. I wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to to to to to to to the show well okay like like uh well. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad glad glad glad glad glad glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with a uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real real real real real real real life. Well, okay I mean well you know well well I'm super excited but you're you're you're you're you're you're you're not talked about yet because it was super important to well well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to to to to to to to talk about Jeff well uh like okay well well Buckley or IP because he meant meant meant meant meant meant meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is this is this is this is is is is is is is this is this is this is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking to to to to to to to um I mean um uh you know so you about money. But not just money money money money money money money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and you know okay um okay well um health health health health health health health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you um okay well well well well well well well so like I mean have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your your your your your your your personal life your professional so um um like you know you know life spiritually emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from from from from from from from well you know um uh I mean well people as I travel the world helping helping helping helping helping helping helping. Some VIP. So this is our time for us well uh I mean well well well well well well well um um to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here here here here here here here we go dear you know well I mean you know like I mean Lynn. I I I I I I I have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked we talked we we we we we we we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked about marriage uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay like I mean you know. He's actually he's actually he's actually he's he's he's he's he's he's he's actually he's actually he's actually he's actually more vocal about it than I am but but but but but but but it's a little frustrating when you know I mean um uh um like I see others others others others others others others getting married and starting their families. I promise I am genuinely happy so um you you you you you you you know I mean like like for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
The sports the sports the sports the sports the sports the sports the sports card card card card card card card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor five of I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so I mean you know um the absolute hottest on fire fire fire fire fire fire fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson by well well like so so well well well well well well well day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in in in in in in in sports okay okay okay so um so car. Please. Join me on my journey to to to to to to to profit from the hobby we all love well uh um you know you know um um um um um um um. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And And And And And And And wow. Do I you know like um so well uh have some cards to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you about today? The sports card Market is on fire and um you know know know know know know know you know well well okay there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing things. I can't wait to tell like um I mean you know okay like like like like like like like you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My um um um um um um um my um my um my um my um my um my um um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like name is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today today today today today today today. We have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we have a uh um um um okay um wonderful guest on the episode episode episode episode episode episode episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course I mean so like like like like like like like so you know um all things RSL about the game that we just just just just just just just witnessed. We have Adam. How um how um how um how um how um how how how how how how how um how um uh okay okay okay so you doing today? Adam? I'm doing pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I well you know well uh um so so so so so so so should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my my my my my my my so well uh I mean okay well podcast, I've been searching for so long long long long long long long. What kind what kind what kind what kind what kind what kind kind kind kind kind kind kind what kind of host how to do well well okay like well well well well well well well well it in general when I was trying to browse. It was it was it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was so complicated well okay uh you you you you you you you know uh so so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m m m m m m m is all so well uh um uh I mean about, you know, it's so seamless seamless seamless seamless seamless seamless seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few days ago uh you you you you you you you know um okay well well and you must try this. If you are looking at at at at at at at doing a podcast yourself, why well so um okay well you know don't you try try try try try try try it, you know as for me I can always say wow well so like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a a a a a a a so okay uh you know well um release for me, it's all about the the the the the the the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget I forget I forget forget forget forget forget forget forget I forget I forget I forget I forget the I mean well um so you you you you you you you know uh choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just just just just just just just listened to um well uh you know well um the songs and I have them them them them them them them on the whole time. Like when I'm in you know like okay like so like like like like like like like the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training gym, gym, gym, gym, gym, gym, gym, I so well well so um like just try and listen to the music as as as as as as as many times as possible, but well okay um I mean okay okay I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just just just just just just just um I mean you know I mean okay uh filled music and what what what what what what what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean so so these musical landmarks will come up and you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know what that's going to so I mean like okay um so be or when when when when when when when it will be but it just happens after you listen to it for for for for for for for a like well you know like I mean well while and then when you actually actually actually actually actually actually actually then go right let's plug in and learn so um so you know like okay the the the the the the the choreography when those two things come together and you teach your already naturally okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like like like in the music. So those little moments that your your your your your your your son or little hit movement like so okay so okay uh or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related related related related related related related I mean I mean okay uh okay I mean to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can can can can can can can restore Health to our soil our I mean like okay okay okay well environment our our our our our our our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode like like like like like like like so so so so um of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by by by by by by by digging into the farm crisis like well like so well uh of the the the the the the the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what what what what what what what uh um like like so so its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no no no no no no no one better to address that okay you know uh well well well topic topic topic topic topic topic topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans Americans Americans Americans Americans Americans Americans. He's been a well so uh well you know so farmer a soldier soldier soldier soldier soldier soldier soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri House of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so so uh you know Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term term term term term term term as lieutenant governor more recently you know uh okay so okay so Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a um um um um um um um well so like you know I mean little bit about anchor it's the app that I use use use use use use use to record my podcasts. I so like um you know you know well absolutely love love love love love love love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that like well well well well well well well so um like so allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your phone or like like uh um uh okay your computer and anchor distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you can hear it on um okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make make make make make make make money from your podcast uh like I mean um so I mean. You don't need to to to to to to to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that you you know okay I I I I I I I mean well um well need to make a podcast in one place. So I I I I I I I find it really useful and you know so so like so so accessible accessible accessible accessible accessible accessible accessible and really helpful. You can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you can you can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot like like like like like like like like like okay uh okay f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like like like like like like like the well so I mean okay um uh easiest way to get your feet wet wet wet wet wet wet wet and jump into creating your own so okay you know okay so so podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll be inspired motivated um well so you know like well educated but never manipulated manipulated manipulated manipulated manipulated manipulated manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good morning and welcome I mean like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next next next next next next next few minutes I mean so okay I mean okay um. You have a cordial cordial cordial cordial cordial cordial cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some uh you know okay um you know know know know know know know well inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from from from from from from from the like well you know so like uh word of God that will help you you you you you you you verify and identify the plan of God I mean like like well well so so so so so so so for your life if you'd like to know that and if you want want want want want want want to orient well okay well you know like you know and just to the plan then then then then then then then you can do so you have freedom and privacy okay I mean you know so so so so so so so I mean I mean to do that. But remember that God gave you two two two two two two two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so so um like explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your well um I mean well you know you you you you you you you know podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know um like okay. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can make well so well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship listen ship ship ship ship ship ship ship listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship is everything you need uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean you know I mean okay to make podcasts in one place place place place place place place download the free ankle up or good Echo you know well you know uh like like like like like like like like the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth talk. I'm I mean well you know um like well so excited about about about about about about about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom okay so so so so so so so you know uh you know you know expansion assets. Love Theology and health health health health health health health because I believe that wealth is not just about how um well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing establishing establishing establishing establishing establishing establishing Harmony I mean well like okay like um in your personal life your professional life life life life life life life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is is is is is is is um like uh um so okay Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with with with with with with with swayam and moanin and we hear talk well I mean um um uh um about about about about about about about something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very very very very very very very you know okay well well I mean so informed on this and it is Anime Anime Anime Anime Anime Anime Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell me something well you know you know you you you you you you you know you know so. Have you have you have you have you have you have you you you you you you you have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and and and and and and and it was a well well like uh so uh culture. Where back where? I when when when when when when when I when I when I when I when I when I when I when we we we we we we we grew up so we should I mean like so well like like just just just just just just just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or or or or or or or well um you know you know like uh whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a a a a a a a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, uh yes, uh yes, uh yes, uh yes, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh yes, uh yes, uh uh well um you know uh I have so everyone has has has has has has has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just okay um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're like you know okay well well okay all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here here here here here here here real stories from you know okay so I mean like like modern-day disciples. My My My My My My My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the the the the the the the I'm the I'm the youth minister at st. Francis like so um uh well you you you you you you you know of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Ana Ana Ana Ana Ana Ana Fuentes. I'm the like you know uh like like I mean youth Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy I mean um um um um um um um like well uh okay Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a a a a a a a super special episode for you like I mean well so well like today. It's very special special special special special special special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week so okay uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for for for for for for for sure for sure uh um I mean you know uh I mean. Butts were in in in in in in in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition of um um um um um um um okay you know um so well the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so so so so so so so we unfortunately don't have a um okay you know um uh um guest this week, week, week, week, week, week, week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going to do okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so you know um some things that are a little different from what we we we we we we we usually do on a podcast okay okay you know uh uh so and it it it it it it it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so I mean I mean I mean of you're really fine and we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal um so so so so so so so I mean you know um uh spiritual principles and ground them in modern science science science science science science science. My name is Chris Gardner. My well uh um so so so name is is is is is is is Kevin Clarke. We are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful okay um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know with easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away away away away away away away with practical tools um um I mean okay like so to create radical transformations transformations transformations transformations transformations transformations transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward looking forward looking forward looking forward looking looking looking looking looking looking looking forward looking forward looking forward to this okay I mean okay uh I I I I I I I mean um episode and also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special special special special special special special guest today I mean uh okay well uh you know is Julie householder householder householder householder householder householder householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner okay um you you you you you you you know well well okay and she also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going going going going going going going to be a well okay like I mean you know well fun episode. Oh, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Um, but um, but um, but um, but um, but um, but um, but yeah, so so so so so so so we wanted to talk about the topic of um I mean okay you know know know know know know know uh you know forgiveness. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um you know like okay well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're so uh um well well you know live. How's How's How's How's How's How's How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks give thanks give thanks give thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks give thanks give thanks give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome well so so um um um um um um um I mean so dogs. Just stop just stop just stop just stop just stop just stop stop stop stop stop stop stop just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your uh um um um um um um um I mean well okay uh dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training training training training training training training in okay like um I mean um uh this is the what would you you you you you you you have to show when you do a one-hour um okay well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay show today? It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out out out out out out out onions, and I've uh I mean okay so I mean well Invest lean on my my my my my my my feet with socks and I've been things working and you know you know I I I I I I I mean you know uh like nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 Q8 Q8 Q8 Q8 Q8 Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my oh my like I mean I mean so I mean so God having a a a a a a a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay well well estheticians for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about about about about about about about their own skin well like okay uh like like from a professionals perspective. We're diving into into into into into into into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our you know okay so okay well well well well well well well like career Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in in in in in in in skincare. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like well so the treatment room. Hi everybody, hi everybody, hi everybody, hi everybody, hi hi hi hi hi hi hi everybody, hi everybody, hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and and and and and and and okay well so okay um uh Lauren. I'm Tess and I am here with Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren today. So we have gathered a like well uh okay like okay few questions questions questions questions questions questions questions. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering answering answering answering answering answering answering um you know so so okay you know the questions that are top of of of of of of of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles like you know like well you know um. So today we are going to to to to to to to be having a very special guest on which you know like uh so you know know know know know know know uh is Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the the the the the the the first my um uh uh so I mean um daughter Carly will be on on on on on on on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled so uh well well well well well well well well um you know. On this article that I received through a Facebook message and this this this this this this this article was on like um okay well like I mean America's kids belong and and and and and and and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have have have have have have have um um okay so uh like for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. What makes what makes what makes what makes what makes what makes what makes you you you you you you you podcast? This like okay uh so uh well episode were mainly going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about no judgment the song and the video as okay like so like um like well well well well well well well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording this so you you you you you you you know so um so so I mean as usual, you know, how we we we we we we we are. We're just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're we're we're we're we're we're we're just gonna talk about nylon Harry because that's like uh so um I I I I I I I mean like our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
Hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my my my my my my my name is Erin Phelps. And you're and you're and you're and you're and and and and and and and you're and you're and you're listening to we live in a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay I mean I mean um music Society. This podcast is a a a a a a a project of Mind in which I interview well you know I mean um I I I I I I I mean you know musicians that I think are doing really cool things right right right right right right right now and ask them questions well well I mean so um like about all all all all all all all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle um uh you know know know know know know know um okay you know. So we're talking about the lived experiences in our lives that that that that that that that lead us I mean you know so so like you know to create and and and and and and and listen to the music that we do welcome back to we well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like like you know live in a music Society. I am I am I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am so so excited for for for for for for for this episode. So I'm going okay um you know okay well I mean to get to call call call call call call call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that well okay like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia cream cheese made um so I mean I mean um so with only the the the the the the the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning so so so so so so so so okay you know um um Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the the the the the the the only subject for debate you know I mean okay so um I mean the the the the the the the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has has has has has has has philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear schmear schmear schmear schmear schmear schmear like okay well well well uh perfection. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Ryan. I'm you know well um well like so joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker Shoemaker Shoemaker Shoemaker Shoemaker Shoemaker Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has the I mean okay you know well I I I I I I I mean well floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm. The okay so well okay uh you know three-day weekend is an inferior inferior inferior inferior inferior inferior inferior option to just having a random holiday in the so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like like middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government government government government government government government has thrusted uh so okay so okay I mean all of our holidays on on on on on on on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh like okay you know. Guess what I have some piping hot tea tea tea tea tea tea tea for you guys. Have you ever so uh okay okay um I mean thought about about about about about about about starting your very own podcast? What now? You can with this well so uh well well well well well well well like um really cool app called anchor FM best part of this app is that that that that that that that it's you know you know like okay I mean okay totally free. There's a creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast I mean uh okay you you you you you you you know okay uh right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will also distribute your your your your your your your podcast for um uh uh like like well you. So it can be heard on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can you know I mean okay I mean um I I I I I I I mean make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need you you you you you you you know okay I mean so I mean you know in a podcast in one one one one one one one place. So make so make so make so make so make so make so so so so so so so make sure you guys check it uh well you know so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean out because anchor FM is what type in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in in in in in in in to okay well like uh okay you know Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social you know okay well well you you you you you you you know so media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you you you you you you you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney you you you you you you you know okay well uh um um plus series after all there have been new set set set set set set set photos revealed on Twitter by you know you know okay like well like at BR BR BR BR BR BR BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green I I I I I I I mean so you know I mean uh okay and gold that is a dead dead dead dead dead dead dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that so uh like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh was circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks looks looks looks looks looks looks like that's I mean you know like I mean um okay exactly what we'll be getting getting getting getting getting getting getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing um um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well a kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions versions versions versions versions versions versions of loci okay I mean uh uh uh I mean or straight out of the comics. In In In In In In In fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, he's changed his his his his his his his form quite a few okay so well so uh like times after being brought back back back back back back back to them dead. And it and it and it and it and it and it it it it it it it and it looks like we're you know well you know well like I I I I I I I mean getting at least two versions so will be fun to see what else we we we we we we we like okay I mean I mean uh okay might see in the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about about about about about about about the upcoming series? Let us I mean um I mean uh so I mean know what what what what what what what you'd like to see in the comments and be sure to hit hit hit hit hit hit hit you know um you know so you know um that like button and subscribe for for for for for for for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head um you know um um um um um um um um um you know over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here here here here here here here right here right here right here right here right here right here on the the the the the the the popcorn talk and if uh so you know so okay well you'd like to to to to to to to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning so like I I I I I I I mean um so okay and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of of of of of of of your mouth and make okay okay you know uh you know you know little little little little little little little circles with your brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every like like like like like like like well um uh um um day we talk about heroic women who changed history history history history history history history tonight. We have the okay um I mean um you know like story of of of of of of of the warrior Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that that that that that that that I mean um like so so like ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country country country country country country country that today is called like um so like so so Ghana. The Ashanti people people people people people people people had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on so so so so so so so um I mean you know so well and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its um its um its um its um um um um um um um its um its um its um you know so like um so Eli and and and and and and and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh you know trying to get it started the podcast came about about about about about about about with just an idea one night you know well like like uh I I I I I I I mean and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we we we we we we we are you know you know so I mean well like. So yeah, it's just just just just just just just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we uh you you you you you you you know well I mean I mean I mean figured why not let our viewers viewers viewers viewers viewers viewers viewers and people outside of our group you're you know uh well I mean so like like like like like like like our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like I mean well well all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over over over over over over over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? okay so so so I mean okay Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was allen was allen was allen allen allen allen allen allen allen was allen was allen was allen was the first victim discovered in okay uh you you you you you you you know you know like you know a series of slangs now known known known known known known known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's well um so like okay um a cautionary tale tale tale tale tale tale tale for anyone traveling alone. If you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you if you if you enjoy the episode you're about to hear like like like like like like like like so you know I mean uh and want to listen to more True Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime events from history. Check out our Series you know so I mean um um well well well well well well well today and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in um um um um um um um so um uh um well True Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to podcasts. Today is today is today is today is today is today is is is is is is is today is Wednesday, March 4th um I mean you know so okay uh 2020 on this this this this this this this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean so Rosa. California was california was california was california was california was was was was was was was california was california was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back back back back back back back okay um um so like like baby after a lengthy break there by eight eight eight eight eight eight eight about two minutes. We've been we've been we've been we've been we've been been been been been been been we've been we've been going to uh so like okay uh so be be be be be be be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um well you know gonna Get one back after Christmas and then then then then then then then now it's very happy way and we you know okay okay uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay have no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy uh so so so so so so so um I mean well you know and then we came back to UNI and and and and and and and we just couldn't be arsed know um well okay um you know like. I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna be completely completely completely completely completely completely completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood uh you know know know know know know know I mean you know like um but we felt a void missing that like, so now now now now now now now we're back thing okay uh I mean so okay you know is though a a a a a a a lot of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do like well well well well well well well um okay okay well another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? what-what what-what what-what what-what what-what what-what I mean you know you know well um like Absolutely, not today. We watch watch watch watch watch watch watch we watch we watch we watch we watch we watch we watch season 2 episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 14 sudden death, which is what we okay well like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter lighter lighter lighter lighter lighter lighter is in danger uh like okay so well um. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going well so so so so so so so you know um you know like on? I need a fam we're back for another another another another another another another day another week some more uh so so I mean so uh than 90 so so so so so so so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes you know know know know know know know uh okay like um you know. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these these these these these these these people. Let me so like well well okay so just tell you really Sonu. I I I I I I I know and I know there's some I love okay well uh um like you you you you you you you know well so off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before before before before before before before we get um well I mean um so uh to the news news, I I I I I I I got some things on the top. I want to talk um okay like you know know know know know know know I mean well about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily daily daily daily daily daily daily uh I mean uh well you know like devotional where we dig into God's word and and and and and and and explore what it means to live with I mean you know I mean like like like like like like like you know uh. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we we we we we we we do not lose like okay I mean you know like you know heart. Though Though Though Though Though Though Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is being renewed day like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um uh um by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an an an an an an an eternal weight like uh you know like um I mean of Glory beyond all all all all all all all comparison as we look not to the things that are seeing but uh like I I I I I I I mean uh you know well to the things that are unseen for the things things things things things things things that are seen are transient, I mean uh like so I mean well but the the the the the the the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's anchor it's anchor it's anchor it's anchor it's anchor it's anchor if I I I I I I I mean so uh well well like you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast you know like like you know well um first first first first first first first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make make make make make make make you uh uh well you know like well money. There's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right um okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch switch switch switch switch switch switch craft have well you know um like you know so been completely made on. My My My My My My My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So okay so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so okay so okay so okay I mean um you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download download download download download download download like uh like I mean like I mean a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need need need need need need need a minimum listenership in order to Make money like well uh well so so so so so so so like from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record the the the the the the the like I mean so so um um ones that you want and they go on your your your your your your your podcast. It's everything that I mean well well uh like so you need to make a a a a a a a podcast all in one place. So if you've always well um I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do do do do do do do download uh you know you know like you know so the free anchor app app app app app app app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor you know so I mean like like I mean for giving us a platform platform platform platform platform platform platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, all right, this um so so um so like like like like like like like is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know so so like allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone well so uh I mean I mean so and computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard okay um okay well uh uh on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really like like like okay um um cool tool and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them like um um um I I I I I I I mean okay to help make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy easy easy easy easy easy easy way okay um um you know you know you know for you to make money money money money money money money from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that okay um so so so so so so so I mean you know okay you need to make a podcast all in one one one one one one one place. So if you're interested so like you know you know well so in in in in in in in doing something like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or well well well well well well well so you know I mean okay well go to Anchor dot f m-- to Started and and and and and and and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA LA LA LA LA LA LA like so so okay uh you know Galaxy. I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So So So So So So So yeah, so what I mean well like okay you know you know up? up up up up up up What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like I like them um um um um um um um so you know you know so well. Anyway, when we show second game of of of of of of of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has bargain has bargain bargain bargain bargain bargain bargain bargain has bargain has bargain has bargain has bargain has all she on top and and and and and and and um okay uh you know well okay Blake all good. So today we are are are are are are are recording the first episode of the uh like okay um uh well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He so so so so so so so you know well so like well has smelt a long story short may not not not not not not not going to be in touch for a like okay well you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road road road road road road road and well so like okay like you know we thought that the ideas and the the the the the the the conversation we were having may help a few I mean so you know so um so so so so so so so older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay so well I mean. And if we can help at least least least least least least least one other person as a byproduct of uh like like um you know okay our conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like um I mean valuable form to do. So, so first of all, all, all, all, all, all, all, we're just going to basically well um like well okay I mean introduce ourselves so so so so so so so you can get to know us that more about who you okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh uh well actually listened to and then down the line move move move move move move move very much want to delve into some I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay I mean of those deeper questions that may help others. So just so so so so so so so just so just so just so just so just so just by where personal introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction well so um I mean I mean so my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower wildflower wildflower wildflower wildflower wildflower wildflower like um uh okay I mean so here. We talked about everything from Faith to to to to to to to Wellness worship tutor. We find uh so you know um you know okay lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables Parables Parables Parables Parables Parables Parables. So I mean um um you know like you know grab your favorite coffee tea juice juice juice juice juice juice juice or some high quality water and join us well I mean you know well well well well well well well so okay for this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and and and and and and and some of so uh uh well you know you know her amazing Community, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our family so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know so so. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of of of of of of of our family. Now, you're okay well well well like well part of our family, you you you you you you you know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi you hi you hi hi hi hi hi hi hi you hi you hi you hi you hi you know like well you you you you you you you know I mean so KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say say say say say say say thank you for sharing so um okay okay okay so your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show show show show show show show notes well well you know okay so I mean. Hello. I have I have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have two questions that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pretty much already know the answer to but um so um okay um so so so so so so so I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's well, there's well, well, well, well, well, well, well, there's well, there's well, there's well, there's well, there's nothing better than to so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like um know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of of of of of of of it just okay well I mean I mean so okay to hear it it it it it it it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean you know well hear me every time? Now that's funny you you you you you you you got in it that far. My uh well like um uh like question was sometimes I I I I I I I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can can can can can can can listen to like so okay um uh um all of our favorite artists and and and and and and and podcasts in one place for free without a premium so I mean well you know know know know know know know you know uh account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every every every every every every every imaginable topic plus you can follow your um like so okay uh so favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um like uh to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to with your friends uh uh well like you know you know on Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app app app app app app app like so so uh I mean uh search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or browse podcasts in the your so well like you know well um library library library library library library library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode episode episode episode episode episode episode um um okay so um like of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of of of of of of of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm so well well I mean okay you know know know know know know know dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome back to another special Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday edition of Optimal um um you know so like okay Health daily where I I I I I I I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, so I mean you know um well so I have a coach coaches need coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches and I was talking to my coach uh well so so okay uh because because because because because because because I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard hard hard hard hard hard hard um you know okay okay I mean well it can be sometimes and I I I I I I I realized I had allowed myself to fall into this pattern so well so so so so so so so like you know I mean of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful unhelpful unhelpful unhelpful unhelpful unhelpful unhelpful. A way, away, away, away, away, away, away, which I know um like you you you you you you you know um um you know better than to do but I just kind of got caught caught caught caught caught caught caught in a loop uh well I mean you know so so and and and and and and and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me me me me me me me so very profound you know um okay um um well and the shift shift shift shift shift shift shift that it has created since then has been so powerful that you know you know know know know know know know like uh okay um he just knew that I had to share it with with with with with with with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer um um so so so like. I'm Parker link and this episode we we we we we we we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming okay uh uh like um so title title title title title title title ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit so sit so sit sit sit sit sit sit sit so sit so sit so sit so sit back relax and so uh you know know know know know know know you know so uh enjoy too. As we as we as we as we we we we we we we as we as we as we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you you you you you you you have okay okay so well I mean um some kind of beverage with with with with with with with you. You can sip along with yes up like uh um like uh so along along along along along along along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're okay you you you you you you you know so so you know uh rocking as the beverage of the night night night night night night night. It's our day off tonight. We usually so well you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like watch a Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with um um um um um um um well um you know um so Langley Master Lego Masters. So background on Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Masters, it was we watching the so okay I mean you know uh um um um um um um um Super Bowl. It was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it was the Chief versus the And this one might have heard um so well um so so so so so so so I mean of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is is is is is is is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford well um um um um um um um I mean like like I mean copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist assist assist assist assist assist assist Technologies. It's built to help uh okay okay uh like well you outsmart some some some some some some some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart they're smart they're they're they're they're they're they're they're smart they're smart they're smart they're smart they're smart and uh you know know know know know know know uh like I mean so then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to to to to to to to scape. Today is Monday, March 2nd I mean um uh uh so I mean 2020 on on on on on on on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was I mean so so so so so so so uh you know um well arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and and and and and and and for cheating the Singapore well um uh um well well exchange. He would he would he would would would would would would would he would he would he would he would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly single-handedly single-handedly single-handedly single-handedly single-handedly single-handedly caused the collapse well I mean okay okay I mean so of one of the the the the the the the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you have have have have have have have um like uh you know um I mean to study right now lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help on I mean um well um you know know know know know know know like Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one one one one one one one to two so okay well I mean um um board relevant microorganisms each day in in in in in in in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean so important facts for an infectious agent and at least least least least least least least one original board style question um like like well well like for the ism ism ism ism ism ism ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but but but but but but but so so uh um I mean um you need to do this. Hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the feminine at okay so so so so so so so like so like I mean Spock podcast. I'm your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified edified edified edified edified edified edified woman's life coach you know I mean so so I mean I mean and and and and and and and I hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM FM FM FM FM FM FM has you know um you know well so you know blood in this this this this this this this episode. We'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be be be be be be be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health um okay you know like um um um um um um um you know food money sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to to to to to to to go well well uh well well so through our heads. You will walk away away away away away away away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and like well well like um so drink drink drink drink drink drink drink bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that that that that that that that uh so okay you know okay uh people are thinking cook too afraid to to to to to to to say so if you didn't already see basically I mean like uh um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I had to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just just just just just just just I mean well I mean I mean like well in Williamsburg now, but basically what what what what what what what happened is like the laws in New York like okay uh well uh um um um um um um um uh crazy with like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting renting renting renting renting renting renting a friend's like um well you know well well apartment and then they the the the the the the the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do you know know know know know know know you know okay so so okay stand-up. Yeah. I had I had I I I I I I I had I had I had I had I had a first exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and uh um well like um um um um um um um well she just like got right and did not try to get to know me at at at at at at at okay well uh like like you know all was like, what would you say say say say say say say is your main issue? And I was like, okay well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay let's fix this in one hour. I do I do I I I I I I I do I do I do I do I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's you you you you you you you know uh I mean okay uh well do this. Okay, there is I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down okay so uh well so okay to business business business business business business business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like I always okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like well um uh need to be in control and she's like, is that that that that that that that what you do comedy? you know you know well so okay so And I was was was was was was was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and okay so I I I I I I I mean um so like she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean so like um God's word life purpose values and Faith through through through through through through through this podcast. We will reflect more um uh uh you know like so deeply on on on on on on on things that matter most this way. We can we can we can we can can can can can can can we can we can we can experience a life full of um okay well um um um um um um um like uh meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with with with with with with with you with me. Much love much love much love much love much love much love much love and hope cat.
Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want want want want want want want so I mean you know you know so uh you to tweet me your your your your your your your feedback on how you like weekly be in you know so I mean um um um um um um um um you know podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and and and and and and and just put hashtag garyvee I mean well you know uh well so podcast with with with with with with with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback so uh so so so so so so so well uh like on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on on on on on on on Twitter on how so like I mean so uh you know you like listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, you know so well well well well well well well you know you know well it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this day Gary Vee audio like well um well um uh experience everybody really excited about about about about about about about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in you know well I I I I I I I mean you know you know um your phone numbers. We're going to call somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone you know okay well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know number and your question and then teams going to pick which ones ones ones ones ones ones ones but I have the like you know you know you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? right right right right right right I you know uh so so so I mean think so. I don't want want want want want want want to just let it sit here if I'm not using it, but what's what's what's what's what's what's what's like um I mean you know like like happening today why I'm talking to you you you you you you you today is because it's warm out. I think so I mean uh well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean it's in the 50s to me. This is warm when outside was still wearing wearing wearing wearing wearing wearing wearing a light so well well like you know like down coat. Had all my stuff with with with with with with with me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying well you know well well well well well well well well um um stuff. Just taking just taking just taking just taking just taking just just just just just just just taking just taking out the trash. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross I I I I I I I mean um so um you know you know. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got almost got got got got got got got almost got almost got almost got almost got almost got killed by someone before crossing crossing crossing crossing crossing crossing crossing the street. Thank uh okay like um okay you know you for being polite. So So So So So So So I was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into into into into into into into well well like like I mean like the bank, that's that's different compared to to to to to to to my regular normal standard than I feel like I mean like so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say say say say say say say like I mean okay well like uh okay I was making $5,000 a month or or or or or or or fifty thousand dollars a month or 500 like in like well you know so you know I I I I I I I mean my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it out of of of of of of of nowhere then uh I mean okay well uh well I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know know know know know know know why I don't know how well you know I mean uh uh well to put put put put put put put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because you're comparing yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself to um like I mean well you know you know the lifestyle of of of of of of of people that are way outside of our means. Yeah. Welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to I mean uh well so like like like like like like like well the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love and I am am am am am am am a well I mean so I mean okay uh success expert transformation strategist business mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor mentor and the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this and this and and and and and and and this and this and this and this and this is Clem and um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so okay I mean this is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, we'll see how it okay like you know I mean um you know goes. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been been been been been been been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do okay like well well well well well well well well well so it for a while now, but now we're starting so Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary if you want to you know you know um okay you know like say the thing thing thing thing thing thing thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah like uh so so so so so so so like okay well. All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of of of of of of of figuring like I mean uh like you know um out the Kinks of it it it it it it it all it's going to be a long and well um okay okay uh like like like like like like like eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of I I I I I I I mean you know like well I mean I mean nervous. But you know, we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll get a gun. Sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry now now now now now now now here in Grand Junction I mean uh uh you know I mean uh home home home home home home home base for the moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so I mean um I mean would always date white guys until me me me me me me me until I'm at hartge until you saw uh you know well um well um um um um um um um this all of this and I gave all of my family a sigh well uh well well well well well well well well I mean like of relief. What's up RG Jazz. What's up what's up up up up up up up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up with you? Nothing much harjeet harjeet harjeet harjeet harjeet harjeet harjeet you having okay well so you know I mean you know a good day. I I I I I I I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, um like um um um um um um um um so okay I woke up super early got a lot of work done one for a a a a a a a walk well you know uh okay well well worked out did some fun stuff and now we're we're we're we're we're we're we're filming the podcast. I woke like like so you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean up late. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and and and and and and and then so so you know well well I mean 30 10 and then I just just just just just just just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this uh well uh um um um um um um um you know okay. I generally I generally I generally I generally I generally generally generally generally generally generally generally I generally I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by by by by by by by with okay so uh you know so um my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? up up up up up up How you doing today? - oh for you know um okay like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um uh you know just got home from the gym. So I apologize for any any any any any any any background noises munching uh uh okay um so you know on some food. So I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I had had had had had had had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness well uh like I mean uh you you you you you you you know at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I so I so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must you must you must you you you you you you you must you must you must you must be so tech-savvy how in the world, you you you you you you you um I mean so I mean uh I mean know how to make a a a a a a a podcast and I crack up because I am not tech so uh well well so so so so so so so I mean savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I highly recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend to anyone. It okay uh well like like um is a free app. It gives gives gives gives gives gives gives you step-by-step directions on how to create your very well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um okay own podcast. The audio the audio the audio the audio the the the the the the the audio the audio the audio is exceptional. There are there are there are there are are are are are are are there are there are there are free editing's tools and the best you know know know know know know know um okay okay well uh part is that they distribute the out your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you and So if you're uh well like I mean okay you know know know know know know know interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor okay so uh um okay well dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC hor hor hor hor hor hor hor dot f m-- um like uh well I mean okay and you can have a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to welcome. Welcome to another episode of the so you know you know know know know know know know you know uh like good sign with me your host honest him in in in in in in in Tove. Thank you so much for okay like so I mean I mean uh tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins Perkins Perkins Perkins Perkins Perkins Perkins given my last name kind uh um well so like like of lame. But but but but but but but but then I was told that people may think that breakfast I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know you know okay at Perkins. Could have could have could have have have have have have have could have could have could have could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant restaurant restaurant restaurant restaurant restaurant restaurant program, you know um well like um um so I might do breakfast with Perkins Perkins Perkins Perkins Perkins Perkins Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's I mean you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so everyone doing? I figured I figured I figured I figured I figured figured figured figured figured figured figured I figured I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to maybe to maybe to to to to to to to maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe to help kind of I mean well you know know know know know know know like you know so supplement my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook well uh so you know okay well Instagram. What What What What What What What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food okay you know know know know know know know um like you know well and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick um um um um um um um uh okay okay you know uh coffee and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape we tape we tape we tape tape tape tape tape tape tape we tape we tape we tape um like like like okay uh here in in in in in in in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um I mean is also a co-working space where people can come and even even even even even even even record here so um okay uh um you know. We have a number of of of of of of of people who record here as well. Now if you uh uh like um well well well well well well well you know are enjoying the content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about about about about about about about four uh uh uh um um I mean games or let's coffee, which is about about about about about about about coffee and the industry. Please do so I mean I mean like uh I mean like like like like like like like this like this video click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel I I I I I I I mean I mean you know well uh I mean that helps a lot. If you're if if if if if if if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're listening via podcast or or or or or or or watching on Instagram on uh I mean so you know uh you know yardsticks yardsticks yardsticks yardsticks yardsticks yardsticks yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a comment if you can we would love to well well well well well well well um like so uh I mean hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
Do you do you do you do you do you do you do do do do do do do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well okay I mean like we're excited to share our free Guide to to to to to to to the 11 essential business tools uh I mean like okay like um that successful successful successful successful successful successful successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / okay like like like like like like like uh like um well create to access your free guide and turn your dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg like you know well so uh like. Forward slash create. Begin Begin Begin Begin Begin Begin Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so so you know know know know know know know uh um I mean so nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled treasure you know I mean you know uh like so. So far. Nobody has has has has has has has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son of um uh I I I I I I I mean well okay well then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern well well well well well well well um okay okay like like coast of what is now New Guinea when it it it it it it it flipped over he tried to swim like uh um okay um okay to shore, but but but but but but but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a uh okay I mean okay like um um um um um um um Boeing. 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an an an an an an an um like uh you know like okay uncertain fate. These all have one thing in common, common, common, common, common, common, common, they're gone, but we're looking for them so so so uh like like. And now we're we're we're we're we're we're we're working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly well uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so show in addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get get get get get get get a special well like you know uh well well mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast from the uh so so so so so so so so okay you know like sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain pain pain pain pain pain pain Rosales and thank you know like I mean so like um you for joining joining joining joining joining joining joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the show where uh uh um um um um um um um like you know so we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into into into into into into into bigger acts in the um like okay okay so okay future today. I am joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by or joy. Joined with rather a local band called you know like like um um um um um um um well uh recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which which which which which which which instrument like well well uh okay so you guys play starting off with you? What up? up up up up up up What up? My name? My well okay like so um okay name is toothpick toothpick toothpick toothpick toothpick toothpick toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so okay recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig dig dig dig dig dig dig it. Yeah, okay you know um uh okay um what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic yeah Olympic yeah Olympic yeah Olympic yeah Olympic yeah Olympic yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that well I mean you know know know know know know know I mean well so easy. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your your your your your your your bed more um you know well you know I mean like targeted a good mood, but but but but but but but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done you you you you you you you know I mean okay like um um watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and and and and and and and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was okay so okay uh uh you you you you you you you know windy. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail detail detail detail detail detail detail about that so uh so so so I mean here soon. But first a beer beer beer beer beer beer beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having I'm having I'm having I'm having I'm having I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm having I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure go figure go figure go figure go figure go figure go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests uh I I I I I I I mean um you know so well Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you how you you you you you you you how you how you how you how you how you doing tonight? Doing pretty good good good good good good good. How I mean uh um like I mean like are you? Good good, good good good good good good good good, good good, good good, good good, good good, good good, Connor, what's going on with with with with with with with you along grades? I thanks for uh I mean like well so you know having me me me me me me me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I I I I I I I you know you know um um uh you know originally wanted to do back back back back back back back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle moment well um so so so so so so so um well so for the three of us to finally be able to do do do do do do do this and on uh so so so so um such a such a high note. Note Note Note Note Note Note Note. So for those of you listening at home both like okay you know uh like like like like like like like um Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals so well you know okay uh so this weekend in Ottowa for men's men's men's men's men's men's men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just tell well like um um I I I I I I I mean okay us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues blues blues blues blues blues blues with okay like um well you know okay Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like like like like like like like I said it back on my first podcast like me I mean so so so so so so so so um so okay and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you you you you you you you okay you know okay well okay well so much for tuning in. You could could could could could could could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking well um like you know so well well well well well well well the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do do do do do do do not like you know um like you know okay take the opportunity lightly. This podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is actually airing a year to the day after okay you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I I I I I I I was in a so uh well okay you know uh hard place of selfishness selfishness selfishness selfishness selfishness selfishness selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble me uh well uh I I I I I I I mean okay I mean and for me to take a few steps back and really realize realize realize realize realize realize realize what are um so you know uh okay uh the gifts that God has has has has has has has given me what has God given me to impact um like like um um um um um um um um uh to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity well well well well well well well you know um so I mean uh. Okay this okay this okay this okay this this this this this this this okay this okay this okay this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor um okay you know I mean I mean so its easiest way to to to to to to to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me let me explain it's free. There's creation tools like um okay uh um so that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone uh so so so so so so so you know well uh you know or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for for for for for for for you. So it could be heard on Spotify you know so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your your your your your your your podcast with no you know you know well so um so minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast all in one you know so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so place. So download so download so download so download so download download download download download download download so download so download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FMcom FMcom FMcom FMcom FMcom FMcom FMcom I mean well okay well uh um. To get started. Well, howdy there internet internet internet internet internet internet internet people let's bow again. So tonight so tonight so tonight so tonight so tonight so tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight so tonight we're going to I mean um I mean uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by Jason um like you know I mean uh I mean concepcin Juliet Littman and and and and and and and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that okay okay um you know know know know know know know um I mean we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this this this this this this this country needs is a okay um um I mean well I mean king. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm listen, I'm listen, I'm listen, I'm listen, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm listen, I'm listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch you know so like like like like like like like like so well with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to to to to to to to some like Royal you know so you know I mean so so Dutch like like like like like like like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like you know like well our political discourse be if we would would would would would would would just elect the king for every like a decade you know well um uh um um um um um um um you know every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like like like like like like like a boring-ass technocrat uh you know well well so like. Who's They're as prime prime prime prime prime prime prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's have a okay okay uh like like like like like like like you know um guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to to to to to to to go to NASCAR races okay I mean I mean you know you know like like like like like like like and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth of July July July July July July July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about I I I I I I I mean uh like I mean um okay starting your own podcast, let me tell you you you you you you you something. If you haven't heard about you know okay um okay uh well anchor is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free I mean well so so so so so so so so I mean so their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right from your um um well okay um I mean phone or computer. They'll distribute they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute your podcast for for for for for for for you. So you can be heard on like um you know um I I I I I I I mean um Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from from from from from from from your podcast. No minimum uh you know uh you know so um listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download well I mean you you you you you you you know you know you know so the free acre app or go to to to to to to to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond I mean so um like so uh where where where where where where where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the like I I I I I I I mean well I mean so like best deal what scans to watch out for for for for for for for and much more here's your host I mean uh okay you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free I I I I I I I mean you know okay I mean uh well. Those are creation tool that allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your so um um like like like like like like like you know you know phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you. So you can be heard on Spotify well um so I mean like like like like like like like um Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with with with with with with with no okay like uh okay uh so minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need need need need need need need to make podcast in one place. You start I mean well okay you you you you you you you know I mean um your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha so I mean well well well well well well well so like um. Welcome to our very first episode of our very first podcast it it it it it it it is called uh um okay uh well uh. Was it was it was it was it it it it it it it was it was it was it good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria BC our uh like uh uh um um theme song that you just heard is is is is is is is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you I mean you know you know know know know know know know okay you know well can check out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is is is is is is is dropping everywhere Friday, um like uh you know I mean so March 6th. Our Our Our Our Our Our Our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
What's up, y'all? Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered starting like like like like like like like like so well like okay a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the the the the the the the place I can't tell I mean well okay uh uh so you how easy easy easy easy easy easy easy it was for me to start my podcast and get it up uh like like like like like like like like well uh um and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the the the the the the the button. I had I had I had I had I had I had I I I I I I I had my okay okay so like well well podcast out ready to go go go go go go go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms again. It so so you know know know know know know know um uh you know was so easy. I can do it from my phone from from from from from from from my computer. It doesn't um I mean I mean uh okay I mean really matter matter matter matter matter matter matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do it. It's free uh I I I I I I I mean I mean so I mean so absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships. They helped me with so much. They so they so they so they they they they they they they so they so they so they so um uh uh well um literally do it it it it it it it. All I can't think of a better place to start like um like I I I I I I I mean you know uh a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't it it it it it it it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't matter again. So download download download download download download download I mean uh like I mean well um the free app today or go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get okay uh you know so you know know know know know know know uh started again download the app today. It's free, or you can go go go go go go go to Anchor well okay I mean um so okay dot f m-- to get started started started started started started started today. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's jump back into the podcast.
Again playing the game yet. I and I and I and I and and and and and and and I and I and I and welcome to the trailer or um like like like like like like like okay like uh I mean bit of an introduction episode for the NRL super coach coach coach coach coach coach coach chat pod cast Jose here I mean I mean okay you know um okay. Thought I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is uh okay so like like like like like like like uh okay going to be about. Each week each week each week each week each each each each each each each week each week each week and give you a chance to subscribe um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so well uh and get yourself set up for the upcoming NRL super coach coach coach coach coach coach coach season. So like like well so so so I've played Super kosher about seven seven seven seven seven seven seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking okay like um like you you you you you you you know uh reading listening to everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries and well you know I mean uh okay uh so I thought why don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I give you my thoughts and try and I mean you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh give you some tips and tactics to players who might be just starting uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay so I mean so out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
This is this is this is this is this is this is this is Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so listening to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's Everybody's Everybody's Everybody's Everybody's Everybody's Everybody's favorite coach. Go to go to go to go to go to go go go go go go go to go to management um like I mean uh you know well follow him him him him him him him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor okay well you you you you you you you know like I mean well where you can record edit and publish all from from from from from from from your smartphone. You can find the okay I mean so you know so like Dubuque area area area area area area area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like okay uh Definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um uh like well to get launching. So hey, so hey, so hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, so hey, so hey, so hey, so hey, if we have not met, my name name name name name name name is Adam Ludlow okay like okay I mean okay like CEO and head coach of of of of of of of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community in like well well um um um um um um um like um North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly so um um um um um um um uh so uh okay something that's been on my mind for a while and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time for it to go okay okay uh so well um. So here we go with with with with with with with episode. I want I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I want to talk a little bit about why we're like uh okay okay you know know know know know know know uh doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's get get get get get get get right like okay uh like you know I mean into it. The why honestly it's it's it's it's it's it's it's because one of our values that we've always had so um you know know know know know know know okay so okay for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old old old old old old old is to always be you know so um well well uh improving. So I I I I I I I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know well so Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures cultures cultures cultures cultures cultures cultures and other scary stories like so I mean I mean well like as well well well well well well well. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of okay um well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, my like okay well uh like like name is Sam and I'm your host and and and and and and and if you enjoy listening to so so like uh I mean okay this this this this this this this podcast, you can go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well so uh um episode comes out, you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna lie this took forever to record um like uh uh um so like I I I I I I I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash flash flash flash flash flash flash episode of okay you know I mean like um um Tales from the Crypt Crypt Crypt Crypt Crypt Crypt Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk uh like okay I I I I I I I mean uh you know about the perfect storm of things that are happening in in in in in in in the world that okay so you know well I mean you know are bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean okay okay American markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think think think think think think think you guys are gonna like it so uh like so so you know quick one always always always always always always always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is you know so so so so so so so like well like uh brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, I was like well like you know so you know actually had a friend reach reach reach reach reach reach reach out to me the yesterday the other I mean okay um you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay not the other day yesterday. He was he was he was he was he he he he he he he was he was he was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um uh Bitcoin. Remember you remember you remember you remember you remember you you you you you you you remember you remember you told me download that what was it the cash yet? That's That's That's That's That's That's That's like well um I mean I mean well what I said. It's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had he had he had he had he had he he he he he he he had he had to be so you know um like okay well refreshed his his his his his his his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell so so so so so so so okay uh like I mean um phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I did did did did did did did I did I did I did I did I did I did that thing where where where where where where where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast so like you know uh I mean like where we talk to you about about about about about about about how you can start and grow your hardscaping uh I mean I mean um um um um um um um um okay business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day day day day day day day you know you know like um uh I mean we are releasing an episode about about about about about about about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers okay okay you know well well well well well well well uh like starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need need need need need need need to well well um well well okay do to be able to track and Target Target Target Target Target Target Target keywords to show up as a Top okay okay um so you know okay of of of of of of of search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean so well well creating a website. That is that is that is is is is is is is that is that is that is that is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that that that that that that that I've been uh uh I mean like so well working on for the past 5 years at at at at at at at least now with creating websites and how okay uh uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know two hearts keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've I've I've I've I've I've I've created well uh okay um you know so and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the the the the the the the boys so you know I mean so uh you know podcast before we get get get get get get get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little I mean well um um um um um um um like like uh bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a a a a a a a script I will admit. So okay so okay so okay so okay so so so so so so so okay so okay so okay uh uh well so well if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, okay okay like like like like like like like um I mean well let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that that that that that that that allow you to record and well I mean I mean I mean like well well well well well well well edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for you. So um so um so um so um so um so um so so so so so so so um um well uh so okay it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast my bad and many uh uh um um um um um um um um so um more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you like like you know okay so uh need to make a podcast in in in in in in in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, um um well well so well well well well well well well welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We got been your host host host host host host host Ethan um I mean um well uh so Patrick. And of course me. We're all all all all all all all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose uh well well I mean um um um um um um um um the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so it's so so so so so so so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so good and and and and and and and like well you know uh I mean um how well for starters it's free and their their their their their their their creation tools that let you record well okay like you know uh like and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor distributes your um I I I I I I I mean I mean you know well so podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and and and many many more. So if you're looking well you know well well like uh to to to to to to to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts right? right right right right right right uh you uh you uh you uh you uh you uh you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like uh so like Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept slept slept slept slept slept slept until 9:00 today. Oh my God so you know you know I mean you you you you you you you know uh. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain like um you know I mean okay I mean my West Coast time. So I I I I I I I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's It's It's It's It's It's It's it's Colton Emmett like you know so you know like like here Wiley, and and and and and and and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where okay you know okay well well well well well well well I mean uh we just talk about things that are kind of cool to to to to to to to us or relevant okay like like like I mean you know. What's on the the the the the the the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to to to to to to to okay so you know uh so well around 70 listeners. So it so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it so it was pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty crazy. It kind it kind it kind it kind it kind it kind it kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi Ki well well well well well well well so so well so well Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up hpw up up up up up up up hpw up hpw up hpw up hpw up hpw up simulate a carafe sake sake sake sake sake sake sake make the honey covid you know like okay okay so well educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know I mean time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be be be be be be be talking about you know you know well okay well well gross rental yields in in in in in in in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay I mean so about Parnell given that which is an an an an an an an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is um like uh I mean so so so so so so so like probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually actually actually actually actually actually actually invest I mean so um like okay like in. Well a well a well a well well well well well well well a well a well a well a couple of weeks ago. I I I I I I I got the call-up from Westpac one of like you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh the large banks in New Zealand and they said can can can can can can can you comment on an so okay I mean okay okay so article that we're we're we're we're we're we're we're writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core logic uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know well data that the the median gross rental yield on on on on on on on a three-bedroom house and Parnell you know so okay so you know you know is is is is is is is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that is well well well well well well well uh uh um I mean you know 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
You are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky so um um um um um um um um okay you know so Ward where we talk about doing your 20s in in in in in in in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you I mean you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And And And And And And And this week uh I mean um okay like like. We are celebrating women women women women women women women. I'll is I'll is I'll is I'll is I'll is I'll is I'll is international international international international international international international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, okay you know um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Has I mean like I mean you know you know I mean Amy what what what what what what what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so I know in like like like like like like like okay so like uh well a moment you're going to be talking about a a a a a a a really huge piece of news like like you know okay well well that was covered covered covered covered covered covered covered in the media last week. So I thought it might be nice for I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay you know um so me to start with maybe a slightly smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller smaller you story that people haven't necessarily so um so I mean okay well heard about about about about about about about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across an um okay I I I I I I I mean okay you know like article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Simon Whistler uh like so so so so so so so I mean like you know in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten ten ten ten ten ten ten lists. These are the okay so like well like okay audio versions of our videos that were were were were were were were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy okay well um well well well this show, show, show, show, show, show, show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye well so so so so so so so well like um well podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on on on on on on on Instagram Twitter all I mean like I mean well uh so of that stuff. I am am am am am am am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi well I mean um um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into well well well well well well well so okay okay um um it. Hello. I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the the the the the the the video okay well you know I mean I mean um today. We're looking at at at at at at at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something like I mean you you you you you you you know well uh well totally different most of us go through life and not not not not not not not knowing who we are or um you know so well so so what we we we we we we we want to do at least until a few decades in we go through like um um um um um um um um you know um I mean many false starts and travel through many dead dead dead dead dead dead dead and paths until we find the one okay uh like uh okay so that's that's that's that's that's that's that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times the most successful successful successful successful successful successful successful corporations well like like you know so like on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
Our dear listener. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you please take you know know know know know know know okay so like uh I mean a minute and give us a five five five five five five five star rating? This would really help us to okay you know like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we you you you you you you you know uh I mean you know you know uh are the hosts of the the the the the the the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on so um well um um well March March March March March March March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success Success Success Success Success Success Success webinar okay um uh like um so from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow Moscow Moscow Moscow Moscow Moscow Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique time when well I mean okay okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing doing doing doing doing doing doing a well okay I mean uh um okay full ayats speaking test. He'll crack crack crack crack crack crack crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll uh well you know you know well well well well well well well so be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone to join in like like like like like like like I mean like you know well like. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there there there there there there there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah well well well well well well well um uh okay like well Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special special special special special special special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz um you know so okay um um you might might might might might might might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh okay so phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about about about about about about about being in our 30s well um um um you know well or newly 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping enjoy I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean okay um I mean you guys. I don't know. Oh why why why why why why why I feel like nervous today, but I feel nervous today, I mean like well you you you you you you you know you know um which I really yeah II don't know why I I I I I I I really don't know why listeners I mean okay I mean you know uh okay and and and and and and and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was my frenetic trying to get ready ready ready ready ready ready ready I mean you know um well uh um Jenna and Kevin have been here here here here here here here for 30 minutes. I said to all of well I mean I mean I mean well well well well well well well okay this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to make sure the the the the the the the podcast like um I mean well you know you know is set. There's nothing there's there's there's there's there's there's there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing I hate more than when when when when when when when you show up to somebody's so like I mean okay you know well thing and and and and and and and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight fight fight fight fight fight fight say I mean um like okay uh I mean thank you. Jesus lift your your your your your your your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness like you know so like um well and and and and and and and mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean so you know son we have to praise. What a future future future future future future future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You well you well you well you well well well well well well well you well you well you well so um you know I mean so may be be be be be be be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what like I I I I I I I mean well you know okay I mean is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message message message message message message message for you from well I mean so uh well so my father in the the the the the the the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says he says he says he says he says he says says says says says says says he says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone Starts Now um like um okay so okay. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business business business business business business business bodybuilding. My name is Luke. I'm well so um um you know so here with Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm I mean you know you you you you you you you know I mean so so doing good, man. Trying to trying to trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to trying to trying to trying to trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of uh you you you you you you you know like you know okay um TV talk now. It was it was it was it it it it it it it was it was it was it was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the Riverdale after show uh you know uh uh uh um. What What What What What What What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like about tonight. And so far first off we're gonna go with with with with with with with like just this whole I mean um like I mean okay like jugged 30 drama drama drama drama drama drama drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's it's Tony's it's Tony's it's Tony's it's Tony's Tony's Tony's Tony's Tony's Tony's Tony's it's Tony's it's Tony's are up to their okay uh uh like okay uh normal normal normal normal normal normal normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the the the the the the the uh like well well like okay end and then of course at the end. And And And And And And And we'll be doing our class I mean um I mean like you know uh clown clown clown clown clown clown clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, um um um you know like uh please start sending them in in the live live live live live live live chat. I am Katie. I am flying solo uh okay you know so so so so so so so uh you know tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have some some some some some some some thoughts so you know I mean you know I mean um so that I can can can can can can can also cut you as you guys as my co-host because okay uh so I I I I I I I mean well so I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what what what what what what what a way I mean okay um uh I mean I mean to start start start start start start start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about about about about about about about you know uh I mean I mean um like Brandon bills. They gave gave gave gave gave gave gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done um so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new new new new new new new front tooth. We also I mean so okay you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any well I I I I I I I mean uh uh like uh apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Now, let's get into this episode you know you know like um like um um um um um um um. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to so so uh uh so like Roots podcast. We're starting. I love I love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is this is this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is Ruth from ACC media media media media media media media you know like I mean well like well today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew crew crew crew crew crew crew. I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got got got got got got got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire uh well you know uh uh I mean and athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New so so so so so so so um um I mean uh well Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the the the the the the the ACC this year. So welcome so okay I mean um uh well guys Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke. I might I might I might I might I might I might I might start with with with with with with with you if that's okay. We've been chatting a fair you know okay I mean so so so so so so so okay like bit over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across across across across across across across me across me across me across me across me across me across to cover uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean like like okay this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, yeah, so I was born and raised okay um like uh so uh in Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over to New so so um um um um um um um um so um Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode well well well well well well well okay you know I mean okay okay. We are we are we are we are are are are are are are we are we are we are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that okay like okay like well um you can apply to your life to provide provide provide provide provide provide provide hope and help for you you know like I mean you know so so or a a a a a a a loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor so well well well well well well well so like you know you know and nutrition and mindset coach for many many many many many many many years. I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am I am I am the CBO of an online um um like you know know know know know know know I mean I mean counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful resentful resentful resentful resentful resentful resentful couples and disconnected well like I mean okay you know okay families navigate navigate navigate navigate navigate navigate navigate through tough times. I love the work that I do so much uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well well okay uh that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of of of of of of of uh you know you know uh you know well social sciences who have t t t t t t t and we present to you goonch go to the podcast okay uh I mean well um um um um um um um so where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current so so so so so so so so well okay you know well social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and and and and and and and everything else in between you plan on conducting um like um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also plan plan plan plan plan plan plan on you know okay so uh I mean you know having discussions and and and and and and and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something for well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay um our listeners as well. We will we will we will we we we we we we we will we will we will we will be having fun contest for our listeners as I I I I I I I mean so so so I mean um well as a few surprise segments. I hope all all all all all all all this mess will join us on this I mean you know like uh uh well well well well well well well journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in in in in in in in to so uh I mean well um you know goonch. Wide range of topics we have something something something something something something something for our listeners as well. We uh like I mean uh so uh will will will will will will will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments segments segments segments segments segments segments I mean like like well like okay. I hope all this mess will join us us us us us us us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you're well okay okay I mean you know um well today. Do you think you are are are are are are are challenging yourself enough? I had I had I had I had I had I I I I I I I had I had a moment um like I mean well like well this week with with with with with with with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised like uh uh uh you you you you you you you know so. It's always really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted sorted sorted sorted sorted sorted sorted and I'm always okay um okay uh okay um really good at that that that that that that that and then someone asks you a question and you go always you know uh so like like like like like like like okay okay like that. I think I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think I think I'm good at that or the time actually good so like I I I I I I I mean so you know uh at that so I have been challenged this week and And And And And And And And it's hard. It's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard hard hard hard hard hard hard it's hard well um uh uh I mean uh pushing yourself through those challenges. It It It It It It It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around uh like you know okay um um um um um um um um your heart and you your instinct says right. I need to move away from from from from from from from like so you know um uh well this. I don't want to to to to to to to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire you know you know well well well well well well well um um well mindset says life gets easy when you do the hard hard hard hard hard hard hard stuff and challenging yourself is well I mean well um so okay about doing the the the the the the the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to so so so so so so so um okay like like you know youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super super super super super super super fired up about weekly V O8 I said last um um um well well well well well well well well you know time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of like okay I mean okay like well okay sit down like TV watching style style style style style style style throwing it on the smart TVs so um like okay well uh and things things things things things things things that nature. I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super super super super super super super I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a I mean like you you you you you you you know um so um super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon Damon Damon Damon Damon Damon Damon John and sampar, then so uh okay I mean um um there's a really epic epic epic epic epic epic epic. A meeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That That That That That That That is the like so I mean okay um uh team that I own in the the the the the the the Call of Duty League the minority owner well like well well uh okay along with with with with with with with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know okay I mean well about business and operations and marketing of of of of of of of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action I mean um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did I I I I I I I did I did I did I did I did I did with an incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly credibly like okay I mean you know so like fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's that's that's that's that's that's that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
All right all right all right all right all right all right all right guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um so at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to make so you know so so um well this podcast forever ago. And finally finally finally finally finally finally finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay um. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain. It is uh well you know well I mean like free totally free free free free free free free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows uh I mean uh you you you you you you you know so um you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute you know okay well like okay um your podcast for for for for for for for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and so so okay I I I I I I I mean uh I mean many more platforms you can make money from your your your your your your your podcast right away with okay um well well you know well no minimum listenership guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like I mean you know podcast in one place, please download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F uh you know I mean well um um um um um um um um m-- to get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back back back back back back back to uh well well you know so I mean my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me me me me me me me. If you follow so you know so uh so um me on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that I post like well um um um um um um um uh so you know regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word word word word word word word of God well okay um uh you know um. And that is basically basically basically basically basically basically basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at well so well okay okay well real real real real real real real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking very specific well okay so um okay okay scriptures that we can use in those those those those those those those challenges. My heart behind this is that as so so well um you you you you you you you know okay we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but we will will will will will will will you know you know uh like um well our mindset that we would go through through through through through through through it will be different. I am so convinced um uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down uh um um um um um um um uh well I mean um. Yes. How's the big man? I don't know 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 job that will spot you suspected so like I mean I mean you know know know know know know know like of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right right right right right right right. Now you so well you know okay okay like off social media. What's their their their their their their their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole uh well well I mean um um um um um um um like bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just just just just just just just to okay I mean like I mean okay so like get focused packable and and and and and and and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take um um um okay well well well well well well well so it back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need like like like like like like like like you know so I mean you know to eat your because life life life life life life life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka you know well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well last week. I went to Munich and it was a a a a a a a great weekend. I spend you know I mean okay well um I mean the weekend there there there there there there there to do a keynote talk also was a part of like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh I mean a panel and yeah had a good time in general general general general general general general so good to uh I mean you know so like you know be back back back back back back back right now and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so you know so time I've invited Matt angleman and he says says says says says says says it's not the first time that I mean like like I mean like like he's he's he's he's he's he's he's in this podcast. It's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually actually actually actually actually actually actually it's actually the second I guess he is the I think he's the you know know know know know know know you know well uh uh you know vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a a a a a a a you know like uh you know I mean uh quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going going going going going going going to be able to make the podcast you know you know well you know you you you you you you you know like tonight. I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I was I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there there there there there there there was well like you know well I mean well a boot on my car car car car car car car because if you've ever watched a any Parking like um well I mean I I I I I I I mean so Wars, they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia. I just you know uh so um well I mean got free this morning Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So I mean like I mean okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I said, I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a good time time time time time time time um well you know uh so okay guys and man. I got I got got got got got got got I got I got I got I got I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let so so so so so so so like um well so like you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all all all all all all all of you creative podcasters out well uh I mean like you know so there there there there there there there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to to to to to to to use like you know I mean like well so and has all the creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right well so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on on on on on on on you know so I mean okay I mean so Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are are are are are are are found even better Anchor helps you connect with like like um uh you know know know know know know know okay sponsors, even if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters. So make you know um you know like uh so sure to check it it it it it it it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know um m-- to get started. That's a that's a that's a a a a a a a that's a that's a that's a that's a and C hor dot f m-- back to to to to to to to you know you know well uh well um the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks uh you know well well uh like. They were that dude is no I I I I I I I didn't see them. I saw him do a feature I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so uh on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was was was was was was was so good like yeah okay like so um I mean um a very energetic energetic energetic energetic energetic energetic energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it was crazy voices just you you you you you you you know uh well uh uh okay doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is is is is is is is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's I you know like okay okay I mean well keep seeing his his his his his his his picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you may know like like like like like like like like so you know like I mean and then I see him and it's like him singing singing singing singing singing singing singing while he's like hanging uh well um you know well I mean cling to it. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I think yeah, they're you know I mean uh like like like like like like like well well at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a coat coat coat coat coat coat coat on and well like I mean like so okay like the first note of the first first first first first first first song He's already got the mic so well well like I mean you know know know know know know know out of the mics and it has got the mic stand up here here here here here here here. Just good well okay so like um um goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
Are you going to love this one? I put I put I I I I I I I put I put I put I put I put out so much content that if if if if if if if okay I mean I mean I mean like you know you listen to my my my my my my my stuff for free every single day if you listen to uh uh um you know um uh one one one one one one one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's so so so so so so so like um well like so over tick like you can listen to me me me me me me me once a day for 10 straight years well well like um well well and not not not not not not not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years so like like like like like like like you know like so well Cam Newton start listening to me and middle middle middle middle middle middle middle school and high school. Then he then he then he then he then he then then then then then then then he then he went I mean okay so uh like um to Auburn and and and and and and and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the okay so so so so so so so you know well so like pros and told the coach. I got to speak after after after after after after after all these kids in the well well uh you know uh um hood who who who who who who who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when so when so when so so so so so so so when so when so when so when they went okay um well like okay like like like like like like like to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well so well I mean took their daddy with them when they became became became became became became became preachers and start a church when they I mean um um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's been to I mean so well uh uh I mean the station. The The The The The The The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh um okay on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are are are are are are are tuned in with me I mean like uh I mean like okay today. Got a a a a a a a got a got a got a got a got a got a special episode episode episode episode episode episode episode lined up. You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you you you you you you you guys always appreciate you guys support okay well okay uh well well and and and and and and and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say say say say say say say thank like you know like um I mean okay you enough on today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We're joined we're joined we're joined we're joined we're joined we're joined we're joined by by by by by by by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of I mean like uh so okay like like like like like like like Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app app app app app today and uh okay so so um like get access to thousands of free free free free free free free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity you know I mean you know know know know know know know I mean well I mean business and more listen to them while working out out out out out out out or commuting to work and get okay well so uh you know know know know know know know um the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick readcom readcom readcom readcom readcom readcom readcom. App like so okay you know um well and download our app for free today today today today today today today. Summary of best job ever by dr um you know you know um uh so so so so so so so. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D D D D D D D Johnston um okay you know um um okay introduction when people ask you what what what what what what what you do for a living do you joyfully well uh you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my my my my my my my time um okay um well you know um. You can't see me yet. But the the the the the the the last thing you'll ever see is me I mean uh uh like well I I I I I I I mean be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how how how how how how how to start uh I mean well uh um like. It's nice to be back back back back back back back again. It is coming up on spring time like okay okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so and I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean um well like weather. Sometimes I like to say that that that that that that that I like cold weather, but I think okay like uh okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I like warm every now and then and there's some big changes that are coming so so so so so so so like so well um I mean up for me. I can't quite sure. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I can share them. I've just okay um like so I mean you know decided not not not not not not not to for quite some time. But once I do decide to share um you know know know know know know know um okay so so promise, you'll understand why it's a pretty big big big big big big big life change. I'm not pregnant don't um so okay I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay even assume so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I I I I I I I I mean okay well so uh um guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you you you you you you you who I mean okay so well you know okay have been following the the the the the the the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert um okay I mean you you you you you you you know like so or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in in in in in in in the field um well I mean like um like of adult development. And if if if if if if if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after uh uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um listening to this show. We do a kind of Action to his his his his his his his work an overview of so I mean um so okay uh the 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the okay well well well well well well well like so so so last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to to to to to to to Bob Keegan um so so I mean okay uh isn't just because you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also um so so so so so so so um so um okay because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
Hi dear students. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is this is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um uh for you. And today I want to talk about something called as as as as as as as Legacy. Now. What you what you what you what you what you what you what you you you you you you you know like uh I mean I mean I mean do we mean by Legacy? Legacy Legacy Legacy Legacy Legacy Legacy Now? What I know for sure is that people like like so so so so so so so um so you know like us, you know, when I say us I I I I I I I mean all of us medicos, I mean uh so so um okay so so so so so so so people like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor doctor doctor doctor doctor doctor doctor because well so like like well you know of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't medical profession was never an easy profession. And okay so you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting opting opting opting opting opting opting for something which is a you know so I mean um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean tough profession. We all had our you know, older brother or brother's friend or a a a a a a a so well well you know I mean well senior. You all had somebody with with with with with with with a when we go home. We went to talk I mean so okay like like like like like like like um okay in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know so you know um. Now look now look now now now now now now now look now look now look now look now look the buzz. So excited so excited so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited so excited so excited so excited so excited season 3 episode 9. This This This This This This This episode was insane you like like okay um you know I mean guys I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but I mean well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely co-host um okay like um so so a b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A A A A A A A lot of things are up on uh you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like this episode of Siesta Key up and down up and down down down down down down down literally honestly, okay. So who so um like uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so many things happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this uh um um um um um um um um um like so episode opened up with ish and Madison, which was interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting. It was it was it was it was it was it was it was interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting seeing is uh um okay uh well um back in town. He's back for a little little little little little little little bit unfortunately has to go out like well uh you know uh um to to to to to to to Canada for another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? so so so so so so so so so you know um so You need me to help you relax. Hmm I I I I I I I always kept telling you you have uh like well you know like okay to really focus focus focus focus focus focus focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know um well well well well well well well I mean so uh um. It's good to be able to get rocked to to to to to to to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it it it it it it it I mean okay um okay well well loves and nourishes all things but does not not not not not not not Lord it over and when merits are you know okay uh uh um um um um um um um um accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to to to to to to to another like you know okay you know um I mean episode of the real you you you you you you you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your uh uh you know well you you you you you you you know I mean mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and and and and and and and cultivating your spirit like you know uh uh I mean okay. My name is Caleb and and and and and and and this your boy Events will be your guides the real you. And you know know know know know know know I mean uh like well uh today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping helping helping helping helping helping helping each other and well um so um you know I mean you are audience develop an an an an an an an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why why you know well um so so so so so so so you know like is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to to to to to to to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm host Simon okay okay well uh um uh Whistler. This is the audio version of of of of of of of our video show on YouTube. If you so well you know well well you know know know know know know know want to go look it up there and see the video version of these these these these these these these well you know well like uh um you can do that. If you're enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple so like so like I mean well podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would would would would would would would be so uh uh okay I mean um kind of you and let's get into into into into into into into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching okay so um well well okay top 10s. And And And And And And And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay I mean you know so facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has become uh well well well well well well well okay you know like well almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of of of of of of of Pop Culture a few uh you know like uh well um standout celebrity criminals and and and and and and and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise you know well like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are they they they they they they they are they are they are they are they are they are far from the well you you you you you you you know okay well so uh only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
In the in the in the in the in the in the in the same way way way way way way way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so well okay virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of of of of of of of the other person so well I mean so um okay. Welcome to the university university university university university university university Catholic. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back to the podcast. My name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my name my name is nacho. I'm uh well you know I mean like um Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern pattern that okay you know like uh um uh we've had two weeks ago. We talked we we we we we we we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked about intentionality intentionality intentionality intentionality intentionality intentionality intentionality and last week we talked okay uh you know you know you know so so so so so so so about it. Chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity chastity chastity chastity chastity chastity chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week. We're talking about uh um you you you you you you you know okay like okay a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, Kylie, Kylie, Kylie, Kylie, Kylie, Kylie, I believe you have a I mean you know you know um um I I I I I I I mean joke for us, right? That's the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's that's that's that's that's that's that's the that's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with your your your your your your your you know I mean so well well well host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you guys so much for tuning in in like uh you know like like like like like like like you know so today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why when when when when when when when and so okay well um I mean uh how of this podcast. So before before before before before before before so before so before so before so before so before so before you decide to to to to to to to listen to me, let me at least like well you know well um um help you you you you you you you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about 5 years now so well um um um um um um um you know you know okay. I've worked in many different places. I started off at a a a a a a a nursing home from there well you know I mean I mean okay well. I was able able able able able able able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working at New you know you know okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, which is really really really really really really really where I I mean I mean uh uh okay well wanted to be I was was was was was was was able to sit with people for longer periods well well you know well like like like like like like like like of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were able able able able able able able to uh uh okay like like I mean see each other for a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit more than five or ten minutes and you're I mean so like you know know know know know know know well uh working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a a a a a a a couple minutes in between the well you know um okay I mean uh doctors. The The The The The The The patients are really tired at this point because they've been here for a a a a a a a like okay okay well well okay while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This This This This This This This okay like I mean well so um is a podcast. This is the the the the the the the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my um uh well I mean I I I I I I I mean well to co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make make make make make make make it but you know um okay well like you know I'll let you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um so I have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you you you you you you you said you had to co-host and one uh um okay you know um okay of of of of of of of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make well well well well well well well I mean uh like like you know it so you two you're both your co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host your math isn't working here buddy one well like like you know um you know just just just just just just just four of us. Yes could yes could yes could yes could yes could yes could yes yes yes yes yes yes yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why why why why why why why uh so uh okay uh well reading and friendship matter for women and how to to to to to to to make space in our lives for um so okay okay um uh it. I'm Marcy Stockman Stockman Stockman Stockman Stockman Stockman Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My uh okay like uh so so so so so so so I mean passion is to help women read more and read well and also also also also also also also to encourage okay like okay so like um us to make time for leisure leisure leisure leisure leisure leisure leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets like okay um like um like or join join join join join join join a group near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this hello, this hello, this this this this this this this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is Janelle and Nicole uh you you you you you you you know okay I mean well you know co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank you you you you you you you so much for joining us on today's I mean you know so like like like like like like like you know you know podcast. We're excited to delve into some of the frequently frequently frequently frequently frequently frequently frequently asked questions that are members and okay um okay well uh okay leaders asked so so so so so so so we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like I mean like members this year and some of our leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders was can you help me understand the well you know like well um you you you you you you you know membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and like like like like like like like okay I mean like I mean you know bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo Buffalo Buffalo Buffalo Buffalo Buffalo Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best like well you know so okay okay friends friends friends friends friends friends friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own own own own own own own take on okay like well um like well every situation and we're here here here here here here here coming at you live from poojas basement. We're not um you know I mean um um um um um um um uh well live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door door door door door door door. Reflect on okay okay well you know okay you know these situations with you. We We We We We We We hope you enjoy this episode of tv and chill. Thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for uh um okay uh so so so so so so so um listening. Hey everyone. Happy March happy March happy March happy March happy March March March March March March March happy March happy March Welcome to our third episode of PB and chill chill chill chill chill chill chill in so you know like you know you know well this episode. We are are are are are are are going to be talking about the necessity of romantic relationships well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like okay in college. The reason the reason the reason the reason the reason reason reason reason reason reason reason the reason the reason I want to do this particular episode is because I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean I mean okay so had a dream I literally had a a a a a a a had a dream where I okay I mean so like you know I I I I I I I mean was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first you you you you you you you know so uh okay okay you know episode in a series is one that that that that that that that I consider really foundational as you know, so um I mean um uh well my my my my my my my goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people uh well so so so so so so so I mean um uh who love them to better understand the complexities that drive drive drive drive drive drive drive us the gifts I mean well well like okay so and the challenges the the the the the the the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural well well okay I I I I I I I mean okay so Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't well so you know well um uh aware of the differences that came from growing growing growing growing growing growing growing up between worlds and I mean uh uh like uh like of the the the the the the the push and pull of the happy and the hard then I went uh well uh well well well well well well well well um to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I was in in in in in in in ninth grade, and uh well I mean like uh you know I quickly came to to to to to to to realize that those indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able to put um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um well a finger on we're not just in me my friends at Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Forest Academy like like like you know I mean uh exhibited really similar traits traits traits traits traits traits traits. That's where that's where that's where that's where that's where that's where that's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series series series series series series series um like um uh like uh. The knowledge is focused on helping you you you you you you you change your life in four key areas retaining the I mean um um I I I I I I I mean you know okay information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships. And of and of and of and of and of and of and of of of of of of of course re attracting like uh I mean like so you know your eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And you you you you you you you and you and you and you and you and you and you know you know know know know know know know uh you know uh okay in today's video. I'm going to be talking to to to to to to to you about am I dating an okay um you know okay uh um avoidant? avoidant avoidant avoidant avoidant avoidant avoidant Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that discover my channel um um um um um um um like you know you know you know well every day and every week and and and and and and and so the information can be very overwhelming obviously so so I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
What's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up - Lapham Lapham Lapham Lapham Lapham Lapham Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and so uh uh um like like like like like like like I mean Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right right right right right right right now. We just filmed um well okay well uh so one podcast with with with with with with with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from taking sides I I I I I I I mean okay I mean I mean okay uh from Simply on purpose - we should should should should should should should ever on this podcast. So that's okay so I mean okay uh you know going going going going going going going to be on big little life right now. We have all of your uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like um uh you know emails. We're just going to go through them answer answer answer answer answer answer answer them with our heart. I'm uh okay like so okay I mean really really really really really really really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are just well well well well well well well uh so okay you know I mean two normal people. Or and we have have have have have have have our own struggles. So we're just so well okay I mean like well well well well well well well going to tell you what we would hope that we would do in these situations situations situations situations situations situations situations uh so you know uh um uh. We would hope that we would do do do do do do do and will also tell you what you know uh well so you know well well well well well well well we have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't we wouldn't we we we we we we we wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't do combined with some uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um okay you know so things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all all all all all all all that good like like well okay so I mean stuff. So without further Ado, let's get get get get get get get started by do it looks of uh well so I mean uh so so so so so so so mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand brand brand brand brand brand brand you know okay um well uh you know new episode next week. But if if if if if if if you need something to tide you over until well um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's called it's called it's called it's called it's called it's called it's called love love love love love love love letters um I mean okay well uh okay and it's one of my favorite podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein um I mean you know like you know know know know know know know I mean advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the the the the the the the show Meredith asked a well uh okay well okay well complicated question about relationships and and and and and and and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same well you know I mean like like like like like like like okay um question in the episode? You're about you're about you're about you're about you're you're you're you're you're you're you're about you're about you're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single single single single single single single you know like I mean I mean okay uh mom trying to figure out how to to to to to to to introduce her young daughter to a new so well okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know person. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of you know you know you know you know like like Love Letters on on on on on on on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay uh okay well ocbc treasury research and strategy. I will be covering FX FX FX FX FX FX FX topics in ocbc insights on I mean so I mean um I mean so a regular basis basis basis basis basis basis basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well you know um from the covid-19 related upheavals and and and and and and and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit like well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond China into like well I mean so um like different parts of the world. If If If If If If If you look at our effect sentiment index it like so okay well so uh now now now now now now now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk so so so so so so so okay okay uh well I mean sentiment has evolved to the current situation. Number Number Number Number Number Number Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in in in in in in in and uh uh you know um okay I mean you're hearing this, thank you you you you you you you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out there. Today's you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so you know Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I I I I I I I look forward to my well okay I mean okay so so first podcast. My first guest guest guest guest guest guest guest is going to be my home gym ball so like well uh I mean you know know know know know know know good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew uh I I I I I I I mean well well so so up a lot about them, but I will definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely hear that story tomorrow you know well well um okay um and that's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you you you you you you you know okay um so well like you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is the first show um um um um um um um okay so I mean so um of the Hobbies G show number one one one one one one one episode one starring season one starring German like you know well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my my my my my my my guest. I um you know I mean you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am I am I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am your host and ask ask ask ask ask ask ask uh like so like you know um her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be let's be let's be let's be let's be be be be be be be let's be let's be real what a joke. Look okay um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk to the the the the the the the best in uh so well well uh well the industry. Let's ask him some stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. See what makes them tick how they so uh uh so uh um got to where they they they they they they they are. Today. Today's gas is going to take you back well uh you know know know know know know know well well well to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes notes notes notes notes notes notes because I had like okay you know so well uh the dopest and most most most most most most most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and ladies. She is like um uh you you you you you you you know okay okay a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story they they they they they they they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma unscathed um you know I mean I mean okay like on the outside. I was was was was was was was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I so like you know um uh so was a a a a a a a self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions you you you you you you you know you know like I mean you know so that I didn't make because because because because because because because of my fear was all because of this 18 months uh uh uh okay um um um um um um um I mean of my life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're you're you're you're you're you're you're tuned in I mean okay okay um okay well to the finding perspective podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent okay I I I I I I I mean um like you know um of educating our listeners to new insight new ways ways ways ways ways ways ways of thinking and of course I mean like um um like um um um um um um um New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only I I I I I I I mean you know like well like um and should not be relied upon as as as as as as as legal business investment or tax advice all you know you know you know I mean I I I I I I I mean like opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do do do do do do do not necessarily reflect the so you know so I mean like like opinions of of of of of of of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on on on on on on on I mean I mean so um so well this podcast or instructed not to make make make make make make make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential okay so you know you know know know know know know know you know well. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative alternative alternative alternative alternative alternative alternative Investments I mean so so um um like are complex and carry a risk risk risk risk risk risk risk of substantial losses as such they are not suitable well uh you know um okay well well well well well well well for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we I I I I I I I mean uh so um you know I mean dive into what makes alternative alternative alternative alternative alternative alternative alternative Investments. Go analyze go analyze go analyze go analyze go analyze go analyze go analyze the the the the the the the strategies of unique hedge like you know so you know so okay fund managers and chat with with with with with with with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is a like well well well you know so so so so so so so process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um like of the pulse podcast today. We have we have we have we we we we we we we have we have we have we have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Operating like I mean you know I mean you know okay Officer of Haven and and and and and and and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade um uh like you you you you you you you know uh okay. Our purpose is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans spans spans spans spans spans spans Business Leaders so um um um uh um and others across the Healthcare Community Community Community Community Community Community Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us you know okay like like like like like like like I mean like like today. Jacques is jacques is jacques is jacques is jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques jacques is jacques is jacques is a senior operating leader with over two decades decades decades decades decades decades decades of experience applying well okay I mean like uh um technology data science people and and and and and and and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had I mean well so like like like like like like like you know okay an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a a a a a a a brief summary of okay like um so okay so your career path today? And what were were were were were were were the key career Transitions and decisions I mean well so you know okay uh you you you you you you you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well well all about life and all things that comes comes comes comes comes comes comes with it. This is a safe space to like you know um um um um um um um like okay like be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me me me me me me me in like you know you know okay I mean um rediscovered life complexities that that that that that that that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, welcome to love gold and okay well um well okay um freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all kinds of well well well well well well well uh okay uh like uh love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love love love love love love love and the love we have like so so um okay I mean for friends and and and and and and and the love we have for a significant other and all the um so like like like like like like like well well well things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything anything anything anything anything anything anything from well well okay um you know um dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want want want want want want want love to be and you would okay I mean okay okay so you know also also also also also also also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical so um um um um um um um I mean you know okay well state to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is well well well well well well well well I mean I mean uh well the word tantamount spelled ta n ta M M M M M M M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning like you know I mean I mean uh you know know know know know know know equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry angry angry angry angry angry angry speech was so um um uh I mean you know tantamount to a declaration of of of of of of of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian you know uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know term. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount is not to be confused with uh well so uh uh like the similar sounding sounding sounding sounding sounding sounding sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means that means that means that means that that that that that that that means that means that means Chief and importance are impact supreme so um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance significance significance significance significance significance significance. However, both tantamount and you know you know you know well um I mean Paramount can be be be be be be be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first first first first first first first official episode well okay you know okay I mean okay of the UFC New New New New New New New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat um um like you know know know know know know know so like members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus like like like like like like like well like well I mean you know Romero. It's going down soon. You know know know know know know know what it is roll the music. New Era um well I mean so well you you you you you you you know podcast, I got a couple co-host with me guys. If you if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you could go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead uh like well like you know like and just mention yourselves real quick for the the the the the the the viewers. That would be lit um um okay okay um um. It's going on on on on on on on. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a Garret Garret Garret Garret Garret Garret Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, um um um well well well well well well well um well this is early stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go go go go go go go to 48 well I mean okay um um you know card. Wow. Thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
But chapter we on. So what so what so what so what so what so what what what what what what what so what was the first task you remember because of I mean well well like like like like like like like like you know the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery bravery bravery bravery bravery bravery bravery. They're not going um like like okay well so to get a chance chance chance chance chance chance chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This I mean um I I I I I I I mean well I mean like is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing weighing weighing weighing weighing weighing weighing of the wands. When Harry you know I mean like I mean I mean um um um um um um um woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I you know uh you know know know know know know know I mean so you know made a post the other day about the you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, I even made a podcast it okay uh well so well okay was probably one or two two two two two two two podcast back now from here maybe but about you know, so well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know your gym not being the best our today, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, I think it like okay you know uh um well should be more of of of of of of of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram like well I I I I I I I mean okay well uh post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at at at at at at at owners groups. And like you know well um I mean you know anyway, obviously you can can can can can can can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and so um uh well okay I mean one one one one one one one individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise well well well well well well well well I mean well well uh again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that that that that that that that up. You know, he shot me a DM you know um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so and you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think think think think think think think this argument uh uh you know like um um is pointless. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just well uh well well well well well well well like um uh didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me me me me me me me and show me um okay um um you know um a DM and and and and and and and I do what I typically do when I hit him with an like like so so so so so so so okay I mean um audio message and explain my position and you know know know know know know know next thing, you know, like okay I mean so uh um we're back and forth with with with with with with with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today like uh well well well well well well well um like I mean. You're going to find him. I believe in you at Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea find your father I mean like uh you know uh I mean and we'll be be be be be be be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own own own own own own own um like uh uh so so podcast piece of advice for you you you you you you you. Use anchor anchor is your One you know uh well so um well Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Stop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to you know know know know know know know you know so so like uh record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your phone or your computer. It also uh um um I mean um like distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes your podcast to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity um um um um um um um well like um you know I mean to monetize your podcast. So if so so so so so so so if so if so if so if so if so if podcast or something something something something something something something you're looking to get into okay well you know uh so well download the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, like like like like like like like like um I mean so so welcome back. So been a couple days since I did did did did did did did my last podcast as so well well I mean you know I mean well well well well well well well as my last, you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all uh so so so so so so so like um so okay the things kind of surrounding that that's you know, this this this this this this this this this podcast this uh um well well okay I mean YouTube channel could almost almost almost almost almost almost almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that I mean so so so so so so so okay okay okay like way since you know, January 21st, when I kind of of of of of of of first started talking about it um well um you know so well and so and and and and and and and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip lip lip lip lip lip lip balms beard um um well like like okay care and much much more all all all all all all all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and like uh you you you you you you you know okay um uh crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life life life life life life life and to promote well okay well well okay I mean prayer meditation on scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use like well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know promotional code Rua at checkout. And please and please and please please please please please please please and please and please and please and please check out the link in the the the the the the the show notes. Today's like so um um okay I mean episode is all Also sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend you know you know so well well well well well well well okay you know enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help help help help help help help you meditate on the um so well like uh okay Lord's passion death and Resurrection Resurrection Resurrection Resurrection Resurrection Resurrection Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you like so like well um um um um um um um well can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and and and and and and and 19. Total talks I mean I mean well okay so I mean each talk talk talk talk talk talk talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean okay uh okay well um. Let me explain. First of all, all, all, all, all, all, all, it's free second of all, there is a creation well well like well um um um um um um um so tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your phone or I mean like uh um I mean okay your computer. Third. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so so so so so so so it so it so it so it can be heard you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know so um on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you you you you you you you can easily make money with podcasts well so you know I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place. Thank you you you you you you you. I've always so well okay you know uh like been sure capitalists get their money for for for for for for for any small business thinking of funding their new uh like like uh okay uh adventure adventure adventure adventure adventure adventure adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and raise the so so so so so so so like um like I mean uh funds many VCS invest in small companies and if if if if if if if you watch even one episode uh you know you know um uh I mean of of of of of of of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a having a having a having a having having having having having having having a having a having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the okay so well well well well well well well um so okay vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody on okay you know um uh you know okay this podcast and there's a good good good good good good good reason for it. I also just want you know uh um you know you know know know know know know know like to say if the sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't got I mean I mean well like like you know my headphones and that is is is is is is is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know like uh have packed my whole life up not thinking that that that that that that that I needed me. Fines and fines and fines and fines and fines and and and and and and and fines and fines and well uh you know well like well I'm in the middle middle middle middle middle middle middle of a hotel because I also started a new job last week week week week week week week okay um uh um so like. And yeah, it's all decided to come at once. But But But But But But But the reason I actually well I mean um I mean I mean like chose to to to to to to to do this podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that that that that that that that I mean so um like like uh I want to talk to you about about about about about about about just from my own personal experience for so well so like like well once to to to to to to to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council for so so so so so so so um well okay well like more information about the British Council or the language language language language language language language assistance program, please visit okay okay okay um okay you know British Council dot-org. Hello, my name name name name name name name is Finola and welcome to the language so um you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um assistance podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to to to to to to to our program and like so uh uh uh okay Beyond today. I'm joined by by by by by by by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council uh I mean I I I I I I I mean okay so like colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different different different different different different different departments. We are all linked um you know okay I mean uh so to to to to to to to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or you know like like like like like like like like okay I mean well currently working on the team. So to start with with with with with with with can you all introduce yourselves where you know uh um uh so um your base base base base base base base and what team you are in? Stop with stop with stop with stop stop stop stop stop stop stop with stop with stop with stop with you Tina. Hey well I mean you you you you you you you know um you know so there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you you you you you you you on like uh I mean uh uh well patreon? Folks at home. I'm so I'm so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so happy to report that that that that that that that my podcast is now hosted on okay I mean um so well like anchor which which which which which which which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like well me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that that that that that that that allows well okay so so so like you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right from your phone or computer um um um like uh okay anchor will distribute your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple you know like well um um um um um um um well like podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing your podcast uh well so I mean uh well anchor Make it easy with with with with with with with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a I mean like um um um um um um um uh so you know podcast in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined joined joined joined joined joined joined sooner download the free anchor app well um like so I mean well or go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Lopez for the uh okay like you know uh uh on the gun line line line line line line line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for March for 2020 well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh so um. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked fucked fucked fucked fucked fucked fucked I fucked I fucked I fucked I fucked I fucked I fucked up this this this this this this this I mean um like well uh well morning. I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't have enough time to do it our at night night night night night night night last night well I mean uh you know well I mean and this morning. Well, I I I I I I I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I got a a a a a a a shift change so I don't have enough time so well well I mean you know know know know know know know like to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind of ran out out out out out out out of I mean you know well so you know I mean time. So now now now now now now now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How to light my um you you you you you you you know I mean I mean I mean you know cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night uh so you know know know know know know know okay so like and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going going going going going going going to be talking um um um like well um about 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital okay uh like you know know know know know know know I mean you know maintenance and what it is is it is the situation situation situation situation situation situation situation where if you buy okay um um like you know so an existing property you buy buy buy buy buy buy buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so okay okay okay new row for Is significant expense on the hot water? water water water water water water It's cylinder. It requires significant okay okay like um okay you know expense or rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily so so so so so so so um well you know um like budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that that that that that that that needs to happen if every couple of you know like okay you know um um um um um um um you know months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is actually a a a a a a a concept uh uh well like you know um that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um so you know back it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in in in in in in in my pajamas that is not well so well I mean uh like on account of laziness laziness laziness laziness laziness laziness laziness that is actually on account of the fact you know well okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like that I have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff right now so so so um um I mean sweet bear and I we we we we we we we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming um okay I I I I I I I mean you know so well down here to meet. Eat us in a few days. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's one of our good friends like um I mean I mean like well. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like I mean I mean and some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording recording recording recording recording recording recording this on a Wednesday. And um well well like like so so today was like like like like like like like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything I mean you know I I I I I I I mean uh well you know so that I can unplug a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit and be fully present with sweet I mean you know okay you know well well well well well well well well bear and our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your your your your your your your birthday. I think I think I think I think I think I think I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
one two one two one two one two one two one two one two two two two two two two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my my my my my my my oh my gosh, I am super excited to well you know you know I I I I I I I mean so uh finally finally launched this podcast. This has this has this has this has has has has has has has this has this has this has been something in the making for years years years years years years years. I like I like I like I like I like I like I like like like like like like like okay uh so so I mean have truly wanted to do this. God has has has has has has has put it down in my spirit like like I mean I mean you know well to to to to to to to do it. But to but to but to but to but to but to but but but but but but but to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so um series. The knowledge the knowledge the knowledge the knowledge the knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge the knowledge the knowledge is focused on helping you change your life you you you you you you you know okay you know okay like okay in four key areas retaining the information information information information information information information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships um so so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay. And of course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet so so so so so so so uh uh like so you know Hi there. I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach coach coach coach coach coach coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And And And And And And And today we're going to be so uh like so I mean uh talking about soul soul soul soul soul soul soul mates. So some of you guys out there believe in soul well you know know know know know know know you know like I mean well mates. Some of you don't some of you you you you you you you guys have this idea of like a well I mean um so well like twin twin twin twin twin twin twin flame some of you don't but today we're going to look at soul soul soul soul soul soul soul mates and I mean well well like well like Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
What's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's what's what's what's what's what's what's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 so so so so so so so I mean I mean like okay uh and this episode we're going to do a a a a a a a little Olympic trials debrief. And then we're well so okay well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I mean you know um I mean okay so you guys are are are are are are are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just moments um well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was out out out out out out out in um so um so uh so the sun just baking in it. Just loving loving loving loving loving loving loving it. Feels so feels so feels so feels so feels so feels so feels feels feels feels feels feels feels so good I mean um okay like I mean like and it's actually actually actually actually actually actually actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh I mean you know uh today. So I'm getting out in front of of of of of of of myself, but it's crazy how like like okay um okay okay son feels the best best best best best best best right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those um um um um um um um like well like like well freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're you're you're you're you're you're you're out doing those runs. They're just they're just they're just they're just they're just they're they're they're they're they're they're they're just they're just um you know like you know so uh miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course course course course course course course you well so like so I mean I mean do. That's why that's why why why why why why why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought thought thought thought thought thought thought about starting your own horror podcast, I mean uh you know like okay okay whatever kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world. There's a new okay um um um um um um um I mean so um so all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a so um um so so well podcast and it's totally totally totally totally totally totally totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need to record uh okay uh like like like like like like like you know you know and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer and even better Anchor will Distribute well well uh well uh okay that podcast for for for for for for for you that way it gets on Apple or Spotify I mean okay okay okay you you you you you you you know uh or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need need need need need need need to make a okay okay so okay you know uh podcast all in one place place place place place place place. So what are you waiting for download the free okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um like anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um I mean you know um for the next 20 minutes. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to need you to sit down and I mean I mean well well well well well well well so uh okay buckle up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't always pretty welcome to um like you know uh you know so the the the the the the the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay so like you know going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden Biden Biden Biden Biden Biden Biden and how the other Dem okay well I mean um I mean you you you you you you you know candidates are falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was was was was was was was okay you know so well I mean I mean Right that we talk about about about about about about about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know um so going to end talking about super Tuesday and the the the the the the the primaries and how Libertarians all uh like well so so well just lost to no no no no no no no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay okay want to hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please Please Please Please Please Please Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
Hello everyone. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are so um like um um um um um um um well so you? All doing today? I've had I've had I've had I've had had had had had had had I've had I've had I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's been been been been been been been um so I mean so okay well a good day. I'm recording this this this this this this this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule like um okay okay so um this this this this this this this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like so um later because I will be traveling back back back back back back back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening you know well like you know know know know know know know okay so before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii while I uh I mean um um you know well still am when I'm recording this this this this this this this and yet going back to Japan. So this well uh um so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane uh I I I I I I I mean okay I mean you know you know or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean so I mean you know trees trees and trees life nature sustainability sustainability sustainability sustainability sustainability sustainability sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so you know um um I mean well well well well well well well um on Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do do do do do do do we really uh um I mean so so um know about it? You are you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you are you are now listening to let's talk talk talk talk talk talk talk trees with me and well um you know well so I mean get your your your your your your your hand. India's a india's a india's a india's a india's a india's a india's a a a a a a a podcast brought to you by C for Annie okay like well like like you know know know know know know know graph. When we hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical okay I I I I I I I mean so like well well approach to problem solving this podcast series series series series series series series aimed to go beyond number by looking at um well like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience experience experience experience experience experience experience and communities we I mean well so you know uh uh aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one one one one one one one place uh you know you know well you know like suddenly a sound like like like like like like like the blowing of a violent wind came from well well like okay well well well well well well well um heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed so like so I mean uh so to be tongues of fire that separated and and and and and and and came to rest on each of um so okay okay like you know know know know know know know them. All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak you know know know know know know know so well like I mean uh in other tongues as the spirit enabled them them them them them them them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing okay I mean uh uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by like like like like like like like um well okay I mean I mean surprise when I found out that they did did did did did did did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I you know um um uh like well well well well well well well always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder you know um well I mean okay you know exactly me. Amantha. We pull pull pull pull pull pull pull we pull we pull we pull we pull we pull we pull up beside you you you you you you you. I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking ready ready ready ready ready ready ready for it. Dude so so you know you know um okay. I'm in Mac side side side side side side side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, like so you know know know know know know know so well okay oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of of of of of of of those famous bowls amount of I mean like okay you know uh okay times times times times times times times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess so so so so so so so like uh I mean uh you know what? I didn't I didn't I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it it it it it it it was french fries okay you know I mean like um uh. They are they are they they they they they they they are they are they are they are they are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama mama mama mama mama mama mama reason people and I uh okay okay okay like so don't appreciate what you're doing to to to to to to to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting um I mean um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast this podcast this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast series is like you know like like like like like like like okay um okay based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on on on on on on on the Pentecostal Publishing so I mean uh um so you know House and youth Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like uh okay grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with with with with with with with him. Remember your remember your remember your remember your remember your remember your remember remember remember remember remember remember remember your uh okay well um you know like daily devotion matters matters matters matters matters matters matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses Moses Moses Moses Moses Moses Moses sent to Cora you know I mean well like you know okay here. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the god well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well I mean I mean of Israel has separated you from the congregation of of of of of of of Israel to bring you okay um well you know okay I mean near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on their their their their their their their well I mean I mean well uh like retirement savings imagine if your your your your your your your family could learn to budget save and invest enough I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean okay to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my my my my my my my own experience exactly how uh you know I mean like so uh you you you you you you you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on or before uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well okay okay okay the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and and and and and and and I have been so uh I mean well you know uh married for nine nine nine nine nine nine nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with no so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um um student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to to to to to to to over a okay well you know um you know well hundred and thirty thousand dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars a year. We both want to invite you to fire you know uh so so so so so so so you know okay okay the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you you you you you you you can use to get like uh I mean okay well well started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come come come come come come come from uh so um so uh like. I'm Ben I'm Ben I'm Ben I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Ben I'm Ben I'm Ben I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The The The The The The The creative the creative the creative the creative the creative the creative the creative agency accounting accounting accounting accounting accounting accounting accounting Nest. Our aim I mean I mean I mean like okay um is to to to to to to to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education and more well well I I I I I I I mean I mean um so the ideation process can be a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of a black box to those of well like um well so you know know know know know know know us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh you know well shed some light on that as work becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes more D industrialized and more service-based so uh so I mean well so more and and and and and and and more of us are expected to be creative as part of our jobs like like like like like like like I mean uh like well okay. Our hope is that by talking to people people people people people people people who work daily with incorporate uh um I mean I mean okay okay constraints constraints constraints constraints constraints constraints constraints and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how like like like like like like like uh okay I mean well okay to tap into our own creative sides the idea idea idea idea idea idea idea for doing a podcast about ideas okay I mean uh like so well came came came came came came came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh you know Frenzy. You are of course listening in with the big man the the the the the the the force and I'm so well uh so uh okay okay glad to finally I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow well well like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught caught caught caught caught caught caught uh you know well okay um like the white whale and I finally got got got got got got got every in the in the podcast uh like you know uh okay uh with us us us us us us us. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How um how how how how how how how um how um how um how um how um how um okay uh so um so so so so so so so many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more more more more more voices well you know um so I mean uh in the church talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to so so I mean um um um um um um um um I mean the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're seeing unfolding before our uh so I mean so so um eyes. There are are are are are are are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is you know know know know know know know uh uh like you know well to start a podcast anchor dot f m m m m m m m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you if you if you if you you you you you you you if you if you if you haven't so well well like so well heard about about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me explain it's I mean you know know know know know know know so okay I mean uh free. There's Russian tools that allow you to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right okay well so uh well um from from from from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it like like like like like like like uh okay okay like uh can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more you can actually make some um well okay you know um so money from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make you know okay like you you you you you you you know well so a podcast in one convenient location. So if so if so so so so so so so if so if so if so if so if you're interested download the free free free free free free free anchor app um well um uh okay so or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want want want want want want want to um uh I mean um uh I mean take a moment to thank thank thank thank thank thank thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having I mean so um um um um um um um well okay okay a good time doing these because my goal is to put put put put put put put the truth out there uh well okay you know like like to debunk some some some some some some some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those who you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh uh were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better better better better better better better idea on how uh you know so well well like to handle things. And simply simply simply simply simply simply simply and simply and simply and simply and simply and simply and simply to make it an an an an an an an easier process for you. Today is okay you know you know you know well um going to to to to to to to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying um um I I I I I I I mean well well well some truth out there for you to give it some thought thought thought thought thought thought thought as you enter a diet you know uh well like well so or if you you you you you you you are in the middle of a diet or even a contest um uh I mean I I I I I I I mean I mean okay prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's you you you you you you you know I mean like uh so um the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain number one. It's free. It's so it's so it's so it's so so so so so so so it's so it's so it's so you know I mean like you know know know know know know know like free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know so uh that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or like like um okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple um um um um um um um I mean well like you know well podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, there's seriously, there's seriously, there's seriously, there's seriously, there's seriously, there's places my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is on. I've so like uh you know so well never heard of thanks. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor you anchor you anchor you anchor you anchor you anchor you anchor you can make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no you know like um um so like minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get you know I I I I I I I mean okay like so well asked a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Well, I'm telling you okay like okay you know um so start that podcast with with with with with with with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F okay fokay fokay fokay fokay fokay fokay fokay fokay fokay fokay fokay fokay okay you know like okay I mean m-- to get get get get get get get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The The The The The The The True like I mean so you know so well Crime cases that Fascinate and and and and and and and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for thanks for I mean you know uh like uh so joining joining joining joining joining joining joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with well you know know know know know know know um so um uh you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before so before so before before before before before before before so before so before so before so before we get started today, I wanted so I I I I I I I mean like uh um okay to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, well, well, well, well, well, well, so so so well well like there's many things but one of the one of of of of of of of them that bothers me that the uh um well okay so I mean kids do do do do do do do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh uh like uh in this household and this couch is falling apart apart apart apart apart apart apart. You're supposed you're supposed you're supposed you're supposed you're supposed you're supposed you're supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed to sit on I mean okay like I mean um okay a couch not not not not not not not walk on it not run on it now jump on you know so like like like like like like like um well you know it and dance on it. Do not do not do do do do do do do not do not do not do not do not do WWF moves on it it it it it it it. It's for sitting that's you know so I mean well like I mean it. So So So So So So So when you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to so so so so so so so like you know I mean so I mean but they just can't help themselves, themselves, themselves, themselves, themselves, themselves, themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so you know couch, but when you catch them, I have a a a a a a a tendency to overdo it. I'll okay so okay okay like um tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I well well well well well well well I mean okay I mean you know um was by your boy Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac. Now you now you now you now you now you now you now you you you you you you you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate like um uh well well so everybody for taking taking taking taking taking taking taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we shared um um um um um um um um like um so uh everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out here here here here here here here trying to okay um um you know I mean like teach people knowledge and and and and and and and wake them up on the deception. You already you already you already you already you you you you you you you already you already you already know well I mean okay well I mean so. No, we we we we we we we have a few subject we go get into today and talk like uh like um um um um um um um so uh about it discussion. You know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus okay okay well I mean um well one that they got right now with a pandemic pandemic pandemic pandemic pandemic pandemic pandemic on the whole wide world. Just you know so um I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay not too long ago. I see I see I see I see I see I I I I I I I see I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your uh so so so so so so so okay um uh well host development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform platform platform platform platform platform platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated uh like I mean um uh okay to to to to to to to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like like um uh ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have with me or or or or or or or a leotard you know I mean you know I mean so so ceiling Milo. She's She's She's She's She's She's She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a well okay so so so so so so so uh um uh boutique investment and Alton see company based in sandton sandton sandton sandton sandton sandton sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel you know I mean I mean okay uh uh who's day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as as as as as as as okay um I mean okay uh you know attending to any legal governance matters matters matters matters matters matters matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of well well uh you you you you you you you know so so the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts I mean uh okay okay uh you know. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today today today today today today today. I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance and okay okay okay so I I I I I I I mean like murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso espresso espresso espresso espresso espresso espresso and let's Dive I mean um I mean I mean okay okay In. Dorothy Dorothy Dorothy Dorothy Dorothy Dorothy Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house house house house house house house I mean okay uh well like uh near Anaheim at the time of of of of of of of our story in 1980. Dorothy is dorothy is dorothy is dorothy is dorothy is is is is is is is dorothy is dorothy is 32 and her son like okay I mean you know um um um um um um um so Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis dennis dennis dennis dennis dennis dennis is dennis is dennis is not in the picture and he actually so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean okay lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you okay like like like like like like like well okay uh okay that we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are are are are are are are three so like um um okay uh words that you would use to to to to to to to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it well okay um um um um um um um so like you know down to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can and can can can can can can can and can and can and can and can and can you tell us us us us us us us a I mean okay well well you know um dad joke I wanted to respond respond respond respond respond respond respond by saying no, I can't see what I mean like like okay uh like like like like like like like happens if I responded that way but here's my try. So why did the the the the the the the like I mean okay well um um dad know that? His baby baby baby baby baby baby baby his baby his baby his baby his baby his baby his baby daughter would be be be be be be be a great marketer. Her first okay uh um I mean well well word was Data Data Data Data Data Data Data I tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more you know so so so so so so so I mean so like so people knew that almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um um um I mean you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your so okay like so I mean well well well well well well well favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium premium premium premium premium premium premium account necessary Spotify like so okay uh I mean okay has a huge catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to you know you you you you you you you know well um okay so right now and you can follow those podcast. So So So So So So So you never miss an episode you you know uh well uh well well well well well well well well can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if like okay um um um um um um um okay uh you know you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to to to to to to to offline no like so well well like okay matter where you are. So if you you you you you you you haven't done so already be sure um I mean well uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in so okay um you know well so the your library Tab and give us us us us us us us a follow. So you never miss an episode uh uh okay you know like like like like like like like well speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is you you you you you you you know uh um um like I mean optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame shame shame shame shame shame shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of them uh like you know uh like I mean out there. But me me me me me me me but me but me but me but me but me but me I'm stick to to to to to to to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head you know uh um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would would would would would would would so like um okay uh so be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I you know like well like like so so so so so so so am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off off off off off off off the table you know I mean you know uh uh um each week. We invite a guest guest guest guest guest guest guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the questions so okay so so so so so so so okay well okay that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from from from from from from from transport to okay I mean so um I mean well safety and housing to the the the the the the the harbor. It's time to put the mare in you know you know you know I I I I I I I mean so I mean the hot seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying studying studying studying studying studying studying broadcast journalism at the um like like uh so I mean University of the the the the the the the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying studying studying studying studying studying studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying media and uh um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the the the the the the the impact you know I mean well so so um of the withdrawal from the EU EU EU EU EU EU EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what so well so I mean I I I I I I I mean like I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas overseas overseas overseas overseas overseas overseas hasn't necessarily been so uh I mean um well I mean adversely impacted. I I I I I I I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host uh well like like like like like like like uh I mean I mean Monique Joven. I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience resilience resilience resilience resilience resilience resilience coach and this podcast like so I mean um I mean you know is all about about about about about about about Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really uh well so so so so so so so so uh okay looking forward to sharing with you a conversation. I had I had I had had had had had had had I had I had I had I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know uh well so. We were talking about relationships and when we're we're we're we're we're we're we're in relationships with partners, and we really well well uh well like like like like like like like like want them to understand what we're going through in terms of our okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay okay I mean experience with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes of comes of comes of comes of comes of comes of comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start I I I I I I I mean uh like so like well us off with our new podcast. We will we we we we we we we will we will we will we will we will we will have Kim's calendar. So before before before before before before before so before so before so before so before so before so before we move on um um um um um um um like uh well I mean well to some of the events that are happening, I I I I I I I think maybe we should talk about so uh I mean you know you know know know know know know know like mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know know know know know know know you know like okay uh I mean you know you were I thought you you you you you you you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, like like well you know know know know know know know you know I mean yeah, so there was a an M un conference in in in in in in in Wellesley College Dublin well well okay um like okay for two days. Days, Friday the 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful so um okay um you you you you you you you know um and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing standing standing standing standing standing standing delegates you know so well um okay uh and they also our country Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I so I so I so I so so so so so so so I so I so I was like well you know I mean well I mean very very very very very very very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really really really really really really really like like you know well so you know good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name my name my name my name name name name name name name my name my name my name is Lindsey Devon. I am I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um like I mean professor emeritus of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the the the the the the the Medical University of South Carolina in well okay like I mean well you know know know know know know know Charleston. I also I also I also I also I also I also I I I I I I I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the um uh you you you you you you you know uh like well American College of clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan Megan Megan Megan Megan Megan Megan wreck about her okay I mean uh uh uh like editorial titled oseltamivir for all. Become Become Become Become Become Become Become an become an become an become an become an become an become an over the the the the the the the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr so um okay well you know like. Rack is is is is is is is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed well well well well well well well well you know you know like okay several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I I I I I I I that um like you know like okay okay I have. Um, I'm here with Liana Liana Liana Liana Liana Liana Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm like well uh okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you you you you you you you well you know um like you know like know, it was a leap year year year year year year year yesterday. Yeah. I felt I felt I felt I felt I felt I felt I felt really really really really really really really stupid because I had so you know you know like well uh to ask you you you you you you you a question about leap year. What did you ask me to remember? um you you you you you you you know well like so like We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up up up up up up up with the kid whose dad I mean um I mean well well um his birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only like like um um um um um um um so well well okay 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once once once once once once once that's interesting and so well so like um um it's whenever I'm in in in in in in in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought so uh um you you you you you you you know like you know wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or or or or or or or like like well uh like okay today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. That's it's that's it's that's it's that's it's that's it's that's it's that's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's really weird like uh well well like um. I know. Do you do you do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought so well like okay so you know you were leaving for the night night night night night night night. I know I'd stick around a little um well um you know uh uh bit. I I I I I I I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I uh well well well well well well well you know uh so well guess we'll guess we can use it like well as as as as as as as well we got well I mean you know okay you know well a podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster. Anyways, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast you know know know know know know know well I mean like well uh again? Just the tea podcast just to see what what what what what what what we do on this thing. Just uh I mean okay um um well well well well well well well talk about whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like like like like like like like um like you know okay well um tea. Yeah, I like coffee. So So So So So So So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like like well so so so so so so so so okay I mean coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Earl Grey so um you know I mean okay you know. Yeah. I mean, it's a a a a a a a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good um like so uh well well well well well well well um. What about what about what about what about what about what about what what what what what what what about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like like like like like like like espresso espresso um I mean like uh you know you know. I make sense. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, what well, what well, what well, what well, what well, what well, what if you you you you you you you made this podcast if it's just called just so you know I mean you know know know know know know know uh like the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know know know know know know know I do so you know uh okay well well call coffee. I was I was I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was like why not we can can can can can can can call it just the tea guys, but then like like uh okay okay well well well well well well well we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I I I I I I I wanted okay well like so uh uh us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire entire entire entire entire entire entire book of Romans is jam-packed um well okay uh okay um with Theology and interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that ders that ders that ders ders ders ders ders ders ders that ders that ders that ders that people quote all so um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 we're like well well okay um I mean dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with with with with with with with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is the I mean uh um um well well well well well well well you know law of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at at at at at at at. No um so like uh um um matter where they've grown up or what they've heard heard heard heard heard heard heard all their lives and it's an like well uh so uh okay incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically in sin sin sin sin sin sin sin you know like uh like well like and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle battle battle battle battle battle battle Hawks podcast like so like um uh okay Hawk and loaded. I am I am I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host I'm breath like I mean well I mean uh you know stock was there there there there there there there and I am also here we are three and one after a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh I mean okay well decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in in in in in in in a That opened up looking like well like so okay I mean so it was was was was was was was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know about that that that that that that that um uh okay so okay well line and how it moved over the past past few few few few few few few days before the game uh well um like um I mean started. I talked myself myself myself myself myself myself myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread um well well well well well well well well well well you know of the plus 11 and a half and I I I I I I I shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope nope nope nope nope nope nope. That's not so so uh um okay I mean what it says show. I I I I I I I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express to you um you know know know know know know know I mean like um so how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes with you. I'm sitting um well okay I mean like you know down and talking talking talking talking talking talking talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and and and and and and and we're and we're talking mental health. This is something that you know so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk about other other other other other other other crazy so so I mean you know um well spiritual encounters and experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt like it I mean okay like well well well well well well well you know I mean was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding surrounding surrounding surrounding surrounding surrounding surrounding mental health the culture um you know so um so um of of of of of of of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we once we once we we we we we we we once we once we once we once we finished recording an entire session so so well well well well well well well um I mean so. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or or or or or or or something happened and we okay uh like you know um you know couldn't agree listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put it onto well well well well well well well okay okay like uh okay my laptop to see what it sounded like and and and and and and and there's these little better at like uh okay okay like you know things like like like like like like like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording actually has any like like like like like like like so well you know I mean um so we're just going to apologize in advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced and hope that you still enjoy like uh okay uh I mean you know know know know know know know Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed. Let's roll roll roll roll roll roll roll so you know like um I mean okay onto the normal recording our regularly regularly regularly regularly regularly regularly regularly scheduled programming you in a world where two boys you know uh well well like like like like like like like um talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean okay you know you know of getting in there. Most of of of of of of of you are great and amazing you just lack the you know like you know know know know know know know well okay well tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright bright bright bright bright bright bright enough to be hired. I am um so well uh I mean so one of the the the the the the the few people in this world who got hired twice by like like okay so so so so so so so okay I mean McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join join join join join join join this podcast okay I mean uh so well okay. I'm going to share with with with with with with with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and um so I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my my my my my my my learnings go so well okay you know you know um in here and once once once once once once once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very cool cool cool cool cool cool cool so you know okay so I mean well bunch of people are putting the learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act act act act act act act so like uh like okay like together before the work week. It includes the kids kids kids kids kids kids kids because we really enjoy our time off uh uh like uh uh okay on Saturdays Saturdays Saturdays Saturdays Saturdays Saturdays Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta okay um um um um um um um um I mean I mean okay things that we tend to do on the the the the the the the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially you know you know you know okay um um um um um um um uh given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any any any any any any any homework what uh uh I mean you know I mean I mean needs to be be be be be be be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's like like like like like like like well okay um so um start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a a a a a a a reminder that we gotta get like I mean so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay back to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids kids kids kids kids kids kids at okay uh you know you know so okay this time because it's a i i i i i i i you guys. I know that school is your favorite so um uh uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. You guys can't even wait to go back and like know I hate school school school school school school school. I you know like you know like I mean like don't think they really do like like like like like like like I think they like to see their friends. But well you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite article article article article article article article in uh like so okay well um this video. Now. If you guys did not not not not not not not watch my other video about the indefinite so you know well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well well well well well well well in so so like um like like English. We have we have we have we have have have have have have have we have we have we have three articles. I know I know I know know know know know know know I know I know I know I know that there are some languages like like like like like like like Russian um um like like I mean well. I want to say Japanese that do do do do do do do not have any. Any articles any articles any articles any articles any articles any articles articles articles articles articles articles articles any articles at all um I mean um okay like you know. So So So So So So So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German you you you you you you you know uh um um well like that has I think three different kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds not just like articles but kinds and well so you know um so you know know know know know know know for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor you know know know know know know know I mean okay you know I mean so. It's literally the easiest way to make make make make make make make a podcast. We use we use we use we use we use we use we we we we we we we use it for you know so you know I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean casual poor and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell so um um um um um um um so um I mean um the people I anchor so great one. It's free love free big big big big big big big plus when it's you know uh I mean well okay so free to to to to to to to you can only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast I I I I I I I mean you know I mean so well so straight to Anchor, but they'll also also also also also also also distribute your podcast to all the like well like I mean so uh streaming platforms that apple apple apple apple apple apple apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does so okay well you know know know know know know know well so Amazon but podcast they will be short and on top of that you can can can can can can can even make well so okay okay uh okay money off of this app app app app app app app. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's free I mean you know know know know know know know uh um okay uh and you can make money anchor will automatically match your your your your your your your podcast with the right sponsors I mean you know so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so for your podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required required required required required required required super simple to get so so you know um um you know started. Just go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to um you know I mean you know uh so the summer house after show show show show show show show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I okay I okay I I I I I I I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay like I mean you know you you you you you you you know you know am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have have have have have have have a lot to cover so well like so okay like tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots Lots Lots Lots Lots Lots Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk about and well like I mean um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and um okay I I I I I I I mean okay so okay I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to to to to to to to wait to the end uh so um well like I mean for that and a a a a a a a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know I mean then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going going going going going going going to happen next week I mean so like you know you know like and maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is is is is is is is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going to so so so so so so so so I mean like so you know be doing a podcast to talk you through the the the the the the the 20/20 NFL draft class and okay um okay um uh well what it means the the the the the the the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay I mean Ali my co-host and we will go through talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about what matters at each position you know so I mean well like I mean where where where where where where where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know okay like like be going into free agency a little little little little little little little bit. And then also what's important like well uh so I mean like like like like like like like that position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class um like like like like like like like so uh you know um has to offer we will be going Each position group group group group group group group one by one in the okay so well so so I mean Box. The draft has has has has has has has that it looks to be a major part of how the like you know well well well well well well well uh so I mean Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard so much much much much much much much about anyway. I hope you enjoy okay um well um I mean you know this this this this this this this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try. We're quite quite quite quite quite quite quite good the Great you know well so like I mean uh British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised well uh you know so like okay this episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and and and and and and and assault that some people may find you know so like you know uh uh offensive. We We We We We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in in in in in in in 1961 uh well well like so um. Something wasn't something wasn't something something something something something something something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College College College College College College College in Kentucky. That is at 3 am so okay like you know well well well well well well well well. On October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean uh uh like a woman wandering their campus. What is she she she she she she she doing? What if she sees us watching so uh um like like you know know know know know know know we should close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have have have have have have have you seen well okay well like okay I mean my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize like I mean like um well well well well well well well I mean you the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental you you you you you you you know like uh well uh um Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under under under under under under under 13 9 year old so okay like well um like Nathaniel should have been been been been been been been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid um I mean so I I I I I I I mean uh so had warned him, but it was too late the Sandman was already already already already already already already on I mean okay well um okay you know his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if maybe if maybe if maybe if maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe if maybe if maybe if he pretended I mean like I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well enough the Sandman would leave him be all he had to to to to to to to you know I mean well you know okay so do was steady his breathing stay very very very very very very very still and keep his eyes closed his okay well you know you you you you you you you know you know you know heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
Oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can you you you you you you you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, I so you know like like like like like like like I mean like well know did you know that when milk is start again again again again again again again when milk has come out of um so okay well uh well the the the the the the the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood in it and your your your your your your your stroke you know so uh well so like still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will will will will will will will join to do that is disgusting so you know uh well like so. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk. What breasts what breasts what what what what what what what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts well uh so um you you you you you you you know well do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a a a a a a a thing. No could do like okay like uh um well that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk milk milk milk milk milk milk coconut water discussed. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't so so so so so so so you know like I mean okay uh know why people eat it. So So So So So So So drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice I mean I mean so you know know know know know know know like well that she would it's disgusting. Do you do you do you do you you you you you you you do you do you do you know what the problem is what you you you you you you you I um I mean well um you know so don't think I'm a a a a a a a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars okay like like like I I I I I I I mean like. We've been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been been been been been been been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way you you you you you you you know um well um you know um to get you going. All you all all all all all all all you all you all you all you all you all you have to do is go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- I mean I mean okay well okay okay to get get get get get get get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on on on on on on on your I mean so um well you know um way to your own own own own own own own podcast. You can have fun. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you you can you can you can talk about whatever you you know so so so so so so so so okay you know you know want to talk about on your own podcast. You You You You You You You can you can you can you can you can you can you can make make make make make make make it by whatever you well you know uh well well I mean want to make make make make make make make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, so okay uh um um um um um um um so like go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f m-- well like like I mean so I mean in you on your way way way way way way way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing I nothing I nothing I nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing I nothing I nothing I nothing I mean okay I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will will will will will will will we will we will we will we will we will we will discuss Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's you know I mean okay okay you know uh loss at Tennessee get into Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 and like like um I I I I I I I mean so uh 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at at at at at at at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The lone um I mean well so uh um senior technically technically technically technically technically technically technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the last okay well well well well well well well well uh like so game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate graduate graduate graduate graduate graduate graduate with honors High honors, I think like uh okay um you know uh in In In In In In In In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take some listener like like like like like like like I mean okay so okay like questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy it. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, this is the so um so uh I mean so fun fun fun fun fun fun fun time of the year in our sport. This is March. Now we're okay I I I I I I I mean like you know like uh from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week week week week week week week is brought to you um you know I mean uh like you know know know know know know know by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is is is is is is based okay uh I mean I mean you know okay on the devote devote devote devote devote devote devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing um so like uh you know I I I I I I I mean House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to to to to to to to see you grow so well okay you know okay like in your personal personal personal personal personal personal personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember um uh okay well well well well well well well okay so your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will will will will will will will be reading like you know um I mean you know like from Psalm chapter 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I like you know I I I I I I I mean well okay like am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul soul soul soul soul soul soul and uh like like like uh so my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
Did I did I did I did I did I did I did I can get get get get get get get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories that like well like like like like like like like like you know you know matter to you and the other five members of your your your your your your your improv troupe. Thanks as always uh I mean so so uh um for tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen to the the the the the the the uh well well okay so well show before hold on to your floppy hats and and and and and and and get ready for the team and um um okay you know uh okay I I I I I I I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly so well okay like like I mean youth programs crack production team includes social social social social social social social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has brought uh you know um you know I mean um um um um um um um you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 that have have have have have have have you know well okay so uh I mean caused trouble for the leader of of of of of of of the USA chapter of the Ku Klux Klan like um you know well well well well well well well I mean like. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes goes goes goes goes goes goes deep to bring you stories so I mean um you know uh I I I I I I I mean like is God real? Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett um I mean um like so well I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having having having having having having having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking um so well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so um so up to since your retirement from USA USA USA USA USA USA USA swimming? But Patty but Patty but Patty but Patty but Patty but Patty but Patty Patty Patty Patty Patty Patty Patty and I my wife decided I mean so you know you know like okay probably when when when when when when when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that we would would would would would would would so like um like like uh move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a little little little little little little little um um okay so um I mean better at life. I am your host host host host host host host Corey mascara and in today's episode. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going going going going going going going I'm going I'm going I'm going uh like well um um uh to share share share share share share share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um like well well come on that in a moment. But first but but but but but but but first but first but first but first but first but first let's settle in with with with with with with with the sound of the Bells um um you know so I mean well. Finding your your your your your your your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel daunting and like so I I I I I I I mean like um okay or just too big to tackle that some some some some some some some people have a seem to have a um I mean so like you you you you you you you know so natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it um you you you you you you you know like like you know okay podcast. I'm one I'm one I'm one one one one one one one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with with with with with with with one of my um like so like well um co-host Jordan. What's up guys? This is is is is is is is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? okay well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so This is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian. Wait a second okay you know you know well uh like. Why didn't I I I I I I I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his well well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean I knew as soon as I said it someone would bring bring bring bring bring bring bring it up but um like you know um I mean okay his regards regards regards regards regards regards regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um um okay I mean co-host. Jordan Reese, here we go go go go go go go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please like like uh uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. This is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked talked talked talked talked talked talked well um uh um um well about a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting getting getting getting getting getting getting probably going to be fairly so um um like so you know intoxicated while we're we're we're we're we're we're we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to so to so to so to so so so so so so so to so to so to begin with well okay um so uh you you you you you you you know we will ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number between between between between between between between one so so um you know well like and five. She's a really hot girl girl girl girl girl girl girl we have in studio with us. So definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely it's definitely.
Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk I mean like you know well like like about marketing business strengths and opportunities opportunities opportunities opportunities opportunities opportunities opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I hope okay um so you know know know know know know know so so you like it. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you guys for joining into the art of this okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay like um you know is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Moon Moon Moon Moon Moon Moon Mikey. How you doing today? well um you know like like so Good Good Good Good Good Good Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now well well well well well well well so okay well I mean well. Thank you for joining us really? So I so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I let me give our our our our our our our listeners um you know like I mean uh um are little bit of context or of of of of of of of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn like I mean well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college college college college college college college back in 2012 you know well so I mean you know I mean. Soccer together so so so so so so so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome to to to to to to to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so uh. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey I'm Corey I'm Corey I'm Corey I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Corey I'm Corey I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But But But But But But But first I mean okay uh well so um we want to say thank you you you you you you you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made I mean so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same same same same same same same for you. So so like so uh I mean so if you you you you you you you want to check them out, make sure to head over to sticker so uh uh you you you you you you you know I mean um fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you get the the the the the the the urban robot cat like uh um okay I mean I mean t-shirt. And if you use use use use use use use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off um uh so so so so so so so so um okay your order. That is no love city.com. And then also SD prints prints prints prints prints prints prints there are uh well um like well you know screen printing company that that that that that that that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables website, so so you know know know know know know know um well you know whatever you got they can make a product for you you you you you you you. You can you can you can you can you can you can you can check them out out out out out out out I mean well you know like I mean well at SD screen printing dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show show show show show show show operate in okay so um uh uh uh secret the details included in this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately well like so like well I mean can can can can can can can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of I I I I I I I mean well you know so like okay truth. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to to to to to to to protect their true goals you know you know well like okay well and practices practices practices practices practices practices practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered in well so so so so so so so okay I mean um you know Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed proposed proposed proposed proposed proposed proposed by legislators as an expression of peaceful so well so so you know um dissent dissent dissent dissent dissent dissent dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the the the the the the the boys you know I mean um uh um well podcast before we get this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode Ron. I really do want to talk a I mean I mean uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know so okay like will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the easiest way so I mean um you know uh well to make make make make make make make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that like you know know know know know know know uh so so you know allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor uh you know uh you know well I mean will distribute your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music I mean so so so so so so so um um well so. A podcast my bad and many more you can make make make make make make make money from your podcast with so um like um okay um no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, well I I I I I I I mean okay I mean okay okay let's get this rolling. Like a record record right now now now now now now now and I can just cut okay so okay well um well it. Okay. So So So So So So So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just it's just it's just it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just it's just it's just it's just an iPhone so so uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're back hello and welcome back I mean um like like like like like like like okay you know I mean Sue's of time. I have a special guest today today today today today today today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This uh okay you know um you know so so so so so so so is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've um, I've um, I've um, I've um, um, um, um, um, um, um, I've um, I've um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if you you you you you you you so like well I mean you know you know hear a screeching noise, she has has has has has has has a really old bird. He's gay. Oh my phone well like so um um okay also also also also also also also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster sweet peas well well well well well well well you know you know um well uh fucking Violet and I am actually kind of of of of of of of scared of him. I love him like so so well so like. He's so angry angry angry angry angry angry angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little he's I mean okay so so so so so so so um okay well a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his his his his his his his little arthritic like like you know okay so like feet and he's mad mad mad mad mad mad mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so so like so Communications officer with the office of the information and and and and and and and privacy commissioner for British well uh like like um like Columbia. And this is part part part part part part part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to so uh I mean well so so so so so so so like connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work work work work work work work of the I mean like well okay well uh more than 1 million organizations that that that that that that that collect use or Close personal information in okay like like well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean this province. We want we want we want we want we want we want we we we we we we we want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean well I mean okay collect and process everyday their legal legal legal legal legal legal legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how so um okay well uh um our office office office office office office office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust um uh so so so so so so so so you know I mean. Today, we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
All right, here we go. Another episode another episode another episode another episode another another another another another another another episode another episode another episode episode 8 of the one I mean I mean I I I I I I I mean you know I mean uh man ride podcast. I'm your I'm your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Michael Ward. That That That That That That That was that was that was that was that was that was that was little Foo Fighters Fighters Fighters Fighters Fighters Fighters Fighters. We had okay you know so well um okay go in there my hero, hero, hero, hero, hero, hero, hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because uh so um well well well well well well well okay like I was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today it it it it it it it so okay like so like okay is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because because because because because because because Valentine's Day and we okay so I mean I mean well well are recording two two two two two two two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today. So he um um um um um um um um so I mean I mean okay is our special Valentine. We're so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited and you guys know where to find us well so like well uh I I I I I I I mean. You can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at Behavior, but but but but but but but I mean um you know well like um just podcast or on a regular browser browser browser browser browser browser browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead go ahead leave us um like I mean so so you know a 5-star review review review review review review review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if like okay so like like like like like like like uh uh you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't don't don't don't don't don't don't say it at all. Thanks like so um so like so. Okay. So now so now now now now now now now so now so now so now so now so now Casey what's our review of of of of of of of the day? Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when when when when when when when Rachel Lindsay you know you know you know well uh so emerged to lead the the the the the the the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly uh so you know I I I I I I I mean I mean you know racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was was was was was was was handled Tastefully but both fans you know uh so um well like of the show and and and and and and and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so uh you know fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have have have have have have have its cake and eat um like okay you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the so so so so so so so okay like you know I mean uh producers run the show creates a Asik environment environment environment environment environment environment environment for bullying and the show taking um I mean well I mean um you know know know know know know know no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are are are are are are are so well I mean so okay you know producers take any accountability for their role role role role role role role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is okay well you know um well well well well well well well uh specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't you you you you you you you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't guarantee an so so so so so so so okay uh uh you know okay engagement or a happily ever after but but but but but but but every single season there will be multiple villains I mean well well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage like um well uh well so all of you to download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go to Anchor Todd FM like okay I mean um um like to to to to to to to get started on this. It has it has it has it has has has has has has has it has it has it has made it. So easy guys, I did not like like like like like like like um like I mean like I mean know, you know publishing podcast was was was was was was was so easy. If I had only known it uh well like well you know so like like like like like like like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download like like like like like like like uh okay like I mean so the anchor. I have record my voice in it and and and and and and and just click post and uh um uh like uh like anchor will do all the the the the the the the job for me. It will publish it in all I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay like the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I I I I I I I do not need uh uh well I mean so okay to do anything else. So So So So So So So this is just too awesome guys. You also need so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay you know to make use of it. If you if you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you have a message if if if if if if if you have some come content, which okay okay like I mean okay uh you you you you you you you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to to to to to to to post something uh like so you know I mean so make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um you know podcast. So in so in so in so in so in in in in in in in so in so in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's uh you you you you you you you know you know so um I mean heroines week on Choppers. Every day day day day day day day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from um I mean like like like like like like like like like like history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a a a a a a a remembered for well you know I mean um like like their bravery and achievements. But But But But But But But first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, first, first, first, first, first, first, let's get brushing the way. Our first our first our first our first our first first first first first first first our first our first heroic um well well like uh uh woman lived a long long long long long long long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress like okay so um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Shilling. She and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way way way way way way way of um okay I mean okay okay like saying a woman ruler like a a a a a a a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled she ruled she ruled she ruled she ruled she she she she she she she ruled she ruled over okay okay well so I mean so ancient China with her her her her her her her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
In 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 1961 1961 1961 1961 1961 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her okay well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um own bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police police police police police police police resulting you know well like um well so in a questionable admission admission admission admission admission admission admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so well Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it it it it it it it check out our series like okay okay so okay so unsolved murders every Tuesday follow follow follow follow follow follow follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of uh well well um um um um um um um like uh history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you listen well like um well you know well to podcasts. Due to the the the the the the the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this so well like um um um um um um um uh like episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find find find find find find find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy um um well well well well well well well like so I mean Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I I I I I I I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce it, right right right right right right right that was pretty so well I mean you know so well good. Actually. Yeah, that that that that that that that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of New you know um you know well well well well well well well well like Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects projects projects projects projects projects projects and what you've been um okay you know well I mean okay working on and and and and and and and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, my name is so so so so so so so so you know okay you know uh Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the the the the the the the bloke behind the history of altered or okay okay so so so um um um um um um um New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like um well okay how the chakra system can help you change your your your your your your your mind to change your um uh um I mean like uh body to change your your your your your your your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great like I mean I I I I I I I mean okay you know well. It's kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays Fridays Fridays Fridays Fridays Fridays Fridays but this week I'm recording on a I mean you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as as as as as as as to what day uh um I mean I mean um um it is because I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that does that does does does does does does does that does that does that does that does that ever happen well like you know know know know know know know okay okay um to you? I think I think I think I think think think think think think think I think I think I think it's so funny. You know like you think think think think think think think like all like like uh you know well um day. It's Tuesday it's Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday it's Tuesday it's Tuesday it's Tuesday it's Tuesday it's Tuesday and then you discover that that that that that that that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's so well um I mean you you you you you you you know well happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our with our with our our our our our our our with our with our with our with our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris with so okay like well I mean I mean you today. We said said said said said said said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing okay like well well so I I I I I I I mean through the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very very very very very very very good uh I mean you know so okay I mean special on first off. So So So So So So So we so we so we so we so we so we so we all like to to to to to to to get a bit of an well you know um so you know you you you you you you you know insight into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those those those those those those those so okay so okay okay okay day our fans and those fans who obviously had had had had had had had attended the games in the City of okay um like well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my my my my my my my firm or you know well uh you know okay you know see my portfolio head head head head head head head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan of Dan I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so I mean I mean uh Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in in in in in in in the office all day long as uh so I mean so okay you know know know know know know know you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic so well well well well well well well I mean I mean uh um including the one you're listening to right now. You can can can can can can can listen to all um like well okay so I mean of your favorite artists artists artists artists artists artists artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can like you know you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can can can can can can can so I mean well like I mean I mean download episodes to listen to offline wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you are easily share what you're listening to um okay I mean I mean like okay with with with with with with with your friends on Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify okay you you you you you you you know like uh so well app search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse browse browse podcast in the your library like I mean you know okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh tab. Also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make make make make make make make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast one more time. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly okay I mean um well well uh with a point against wall stone and and and and and and and a good way on Tuesday night the mood okay you know so okay um so in in in in in in in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's been good good good good good good good okay um um um well um for months really pleased with the performance. And I I I I I I I kind of knew it was going I mean I mean so uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss loss loss loss loss loss loss so you know uh like so uh or often our second half Clayton delightful football and and and and and and and the goals were very very good. Yeah one okay um okay uh okay um um um um um um um individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to you tonight was was was was was was was Jeb. What uh what uh what uh what uh what uh what uh what what what what what what what uh so I mean I mean well you know have you made of him him him him him him him so far? Capital K JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
The other the other the other the other the other the other the other night after the the the the the the the show, I was talking to some some girls that were you know so like like like like like like like so you know I mean friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were were were were were were were asking me how we well like okay like I mean okay do it how we we we we we we we get it out there how we record it. And you and you and you and and and and and and and you and you and you and you know, so like I mean um um um um um um um like I mean thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would would would would would would would have so uh like so okay like had when we first started out this would have have have have have have have been way way easier like um like um so I mean and it's much easier. It is is is is is is is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is okay uh um well well well well well well well like so by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need like so um like like you know. In one place so you don't have have have have have have have to get Pro Tools or any fancy um okay like like I mean okay recording equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well you know you know you know it on your phone right there free free free free free free free. It's free. It's free. So it so uh I mean like um so gives gives gives gives gives gives gives you all the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it it it it it it it sound okay like you know so so okay good which you know, if if if if if if if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way way way way way way way you know like uh uh uh I mean to make a podcast. It's free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record well so so okay okay okay and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute um you know uh you you you you you you you know well so your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and you know so I mean well so like many more you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know um uh I mean you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place download the free anchor app so like so um uh I I I I I I I mean or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, this is okay um um uh okay I mean Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks Mavericks Mavericks Mavericks Mavericks Mavericks Mavericks. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know know know know know know know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, you I mean okay you know uh well like like like like like like like know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How How How How How How How are I mean so uh um uh like you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story like um well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well and I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, thank well you know so uh well um you. I'm so excited that you're doing this this this this this this this. I think I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I think it's somewhat long overdue and you um okay well uh like so so so so so so so know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to follow follow follow follow follow follow follow okay well uh uh well like along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told told told told told told told you many times we have such uh well um um okay you know great great great great great great great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where you you you you you you you I mean you know you know okay you know like are and what drives drives drives drives drives drives drives you and what motivates you and all those sorts of things uh uh you you you you you you you know like so like. I think is so important to share and I've had great great great great great great great conversations with a uh um okay like so okay lot of really good coaches. And And And And And And And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of of of of of of of Steel media marks you know I mean okay okay like okay the boundary where reality and and and and and and and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect to die like like okay um like you know know know know know know know out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money D20 radio radio radio radio radio radio radio where okay you know you know like well uh Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All All All All All All All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls to well um so you you you you you you you know well so Squad tactical. Uh, we uh, we uh, we uh, we we we we we we we uh, we uh, we uh, we are going to have a really fun episode this this this this this this this week um well you know I mean um um because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um like like created by our app to help companies get control of of of of of of of their email for I mean uh well you know well well this episode really excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to have one of our one of the biggest names in like okay uh well so um um um um um um um construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to um um um um um um um um well so so uh describe me. One of the biggest names in construction. I I I I I I I think my name is well so like um um you know probably used used used used used used used a lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So so you know know know know know know know um uh okay I mean So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent review into into into into into into into building safety regulations on fire well okay okay I mean like I mean safety safety safety safety safety safety safety in the wake of the Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the the the the the the the way um um uh um um uh that regulations themselves had allowed such poor practice to to to to to to to creep into the whole of the uh I mean so uh I mean um sector sector sector sector sector sector sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy happy happy happy happy happy happy to be doing uh I mean I mean I mean okay okay this. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean decent Spirits. If If If If If If If you asking me why it's a bit irrelevant from um you know well so so so so so so so okay well the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So if if if if if if if you well um uh so so so are a subscriber make sure you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you feel you feel like you've okay uh well um um um accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first first first first first first first uh well okay um okay I mean and foremost say a big thank you you you you you you you to look for a line I mean you know so I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh it to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking rocking with you know I mean okay I mean like like mating taking my stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do um um uh uh so so so so so so so so I need to spell out to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube I I I I I I I mean well uh I mean so okay content come on now but away away away away away away away from all of that as you look normal. I so I so I so I so so so so so so so I so I so I so um okay well uh um wouldn't say a a a a a a a lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen key well so I I I I I I I mean um like well caucus steal. The leads the leads the leads the leads the leads leads leads leads leads leads leads the leads the leads keep our band for eight games and get get get get get get get a fine you know uh so well so you know. I believe due to to to to to to to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR I I I I I I I mean um I mean I mean uh okay leaders podcast. HR doesn't hR doesn't hR hR hR hR hR hR hR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs needs needs needs needs needs needs it needs it needs it needs it needs it needs it needs needs needs needs needs needs needs to be digital like well so okay uh you know. It's simply has to put put put put put put put another way. HR must hR must hR must hR must hR must hR must hR hR hR hR hR hR hR must become more digital and analytical to deliver like uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It It It It It It It I it I it I it I it I it I it I mean I I I I I I I mean uh well um um features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent recent recent recent recent recent recent people analytics and future you know okay uh um I mean you know of work work work work work work work conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay um future and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures on people analytics at UC like you know you know well uh so Berkeley having having having having having having having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and like you you you you you you you know like well so um operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head head head head head head head of people analytics boober okay well well uh so um and is a previous guest guest guest guest guest guest guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean so HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control you you you you you you you know uh so well okay like. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the the the the the the the big question is how do we take um okay like okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are there are there there there there there there there are there are there are there are there are multiple ways that can can can can can can can um you know uh I mean okay uh kick you down. Right but we're going going going going going going going to talk about two of those important um uh I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um points right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science science science science science science science well uh well uh uh um of life. It is it is it is it it it it it it it is it is it is it is the branch of the biology biology biology biology biology biology biology that deals with the normal functions of you know okay I mean okay um um um um um um um you know a living organism and its parts. But in this this this this this this this sense, what we're going to I mean I mean you know I mean like I I I I I I I mean be talking about is how refers to your emotions and how it is an an an an an an an extension of you know like uh like I mean so You feel emotions are described many many many many many many many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger um well like so like I I I I I I I mean and fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of like I mean well I mean you know okay the main ones. We think think think think think think think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our our our our our our our first like um okay um you know like sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of of of of of of of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus um uh well okay so you know. So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so I use use use use use use use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo I mean okay so so so so so so so like like I mean for me amongst other custom logos and different things for me me me me me me me as well. They so so like I mean uh I mean have the lowest price price price price price price price guaranteed guaranteed. They have they have they have they have they have they have have have have have have have they have free shipping on all orders over $50. You um like I mean um um um um um um um uh uh can have a free company logo stencil made free and they have have have have have have have lots of cool I mean okay I mean okay you know um Social Media stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from I I I I I I I mean like um okay so like and they can create anything if they don't have have have have have have have it already. So if you so uh so okay okay you know have something very custom custom custom custom custom custom custom you want made they will work with you and okay you know um well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh they listen to their customers needs of what they want what they need to work work work work work work work okay like you know I mean okay you know with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
We are we are we are we are we are we are we are back with King King King King King King King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um so your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a a a a a a a great chat and I uh so so you know okay uh really enjoyed that show and and and and and and and I hope you all did too and usurping, you I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small small small small small small small but we're we're uh like you know I mean okay like good. We're happy and and and and and and and as I always say to people I do this because I well well um um um um um um um like you know I mean love the band. Of talking to the bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds and having a chat with so well you know okay so uh them and seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in any I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh so like well way in our approach to music and stuff like that that that that that that that. So it's awesome I mean well okay you know um um. So thanks so thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks for that. So today so today today today today today today today so today so today so today so today so today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting your own I mean uh um you know uh okay podcast, let me me me me me me me tell you something. If you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if you if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to I mean so so so so so so so like um well like make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to I mean like like you know you know know know know know know know well record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute so so so so so so so so well you know uh okay your podcast for you. So you can be heard on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and you know you know um you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you like so okay well you know like need to make a podcast in in in in in in in one place. So download the free acre app or okay well um you know so so so so so so so you know go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do hey, do do do do do do do hey, do hey, do hey, do hey, do hey, do you want to join in in in in in in in uh you know well like uh I mean on the excitement Live join me every every every every every every every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy like like I mean so so I mean dude dude dude dude dude dude dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform at I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean um uh 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like you know and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors the I mean um you know so like you know ones who make all all all all all all all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is basically so you know you you you you you you you know you know so like this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload upload upload upload upload upload upload and create your own podcast um like um uh so um all in one one one one one one one convenient app. Anchor basically anchor basically anchor basically anchor basically anchor basically anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor basically anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically so basically so basically so so so so so so so basically so basically so basically so basically well okay okay uh well okay once once once once once once once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to uh like uh well well well well well well well you know so a playlist to Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly instantly instantly instantly instantly instantly instantly be everywhere at once you so uh okay you know so okay upload it it it it it it it to Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download so you you you you you you you know um uh well uh the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I you you you you you you you know so you know I mean well you know have to say, which is is is is is is is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what so like um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on board board board board board board board and I'm excited uh well so I mean uh uh for this little journey this little little little little little little little educational Journey that we are going to go on like I mean you know know know know know know know so okay I mean together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing like organizing like like like like like like like organizing like organizing like organizing like organizing like organizing and like note books books books books books books books and stationery so um like uh like like and stuff and lists. So I've done done done done done done done list of how I want it to pan out so you know well like like like like like like like okay uh whether or not it pans out like that is another story because I I I I I I I can be a okay I mean okay well well well little bit impulsive. So we shall shall shall shall shall shall shall see but I want you to shut your eyes I mean like you know know know know know know know so like like everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If you're driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in you you you you you you you know uh like um okay so London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with with with with with with with Mike. It is Thursday, uh I mean well um you know like March 5th 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame I I I I I I I mean um so I mean you know well combo for you Michael. We didn't get get get get get get get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss well you know like I mean well well well well well well well I mean in San Jose. But hey, but hey, but hey, but hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, but hey, but hey, but hey, that's okay. They had they had they had they they they they they they they had they had they had they had won three in a like well I I I I I I I mean well I mean like row prior The Beat Goes On good morning morning morning morning morning morning morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you like I mean I mean so I mean so so so so so so so have to sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three three three three three three three games okay I mean you know you know okay well in. Road that road that that that that that that that road that road that road that road that road that we're key games against teams teams teams teams teams teams teams that were at least on par with so um uh so so so them Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh Atlantic division and Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot spot spot spot spot spot spot in the Western Conference well like um you know okay uh. They come they come come come come come come come they come they come they come they come they come up against the team team team team team team team and they play three teams on this west so um well okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay coast swing that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well well I mean out the string and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic so so so so so so so I mean uh so um I mean of today's newsletter is going to be be be be be be be what women are attracted to in Men. In okay so like I mean I I I I I I I mean okay other words. What are what are what are what are what what what what what what what are what are what are the things? What are the triggers? What What What What What What What are the things so um well uh uh you know that women like about about about about about about about us guys? So what kind of behavior is so um like so well I I I I I I I mean it that they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior obviously to attract um like um so like okay women. Well first well first well well well well well well well first well first well first well first well first things first that we got got got got got got got understand about women is number okay okay um I mean um um one. There are are are are are are are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like want to be in a love story. They want to just just just just just just just randomly run like you know I mean I mean I mean I mean into some dude dude dude dude dude dude dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact I mean uh so so so so so so so okay well I mean and there's just obviously it happens in such a a a a a a a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't why don't why don't why why why why why why why don't why don't why don't why don't you go ahead and I mean I I I I I I I mean well like okay uh introduce our name? Not your name the name of of of of of of of our podcast. It's called speaking for you know you know like uh um I I I I I I I mean the bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, it's pretty self-explanatory you know okay uh uh you know I mean. Obviously, we in our our our our our our our bag we in the bag we got the bags of I mean so I I I I I I I mean I mean okay I mean cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end end end end end end end goal is to make money off this so I mean okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for my so so so so so so so you know um like well I mean love of public speaking and podcasting and and and and and and and making other humans happy with my voice okay uh um I mean you know so Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is in it for I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess well um um like I mean well anyway, so I am a pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I you know well like okay you you you you you you you know okay have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was was was was was was was the I mean I mean okay okay well okay voice of someone stealing bed at at at at at at at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the okay uh uh uh well I I I I I I I mean show? Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're an app you um you know well okay like so just woke up. I'm giving giving giving giving giving giving giving you the time of the introduction to get her so so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um ready and that's it. Are we are we are we are we we we we we we we are we are we are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject like like like like like like like like uh you know uh you know but we don't use the position where you're going going going going going going going. Wait the weirdest sex show I mean I mean uh well like well almost almost almost almost almost almost almost every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 okay you you you you you you you know like okay I mean okay p.m. EST on my head. Here we go. We We We We We We We all live I welcome well like okay um okay well all welcome everybody doing doing doing doing doing doing doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the man you you you you you you you know I mean okay like okay um taking your health to a whole new new new new new new new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going to so well you know you know know know know know know know you know like talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is is is is is is is really about something so uh so okay I mean uh called cryotherapy cold therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber well well you know I mean um um um um um um um so for just a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold cold cold cold cold cold cold to well like uh like okay I mean me. Maybe three maybe three maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe three maybe three maybe three maybe three maybe three maybe up to five minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes and this concept is really based on so so okay you know um well well well well well well well this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a I I I I I I I mean like I mean you know so uh situation where you're adding a low dose dress dress dress dress dress dress dress or a moderate amount of stress to you know uh uh um well well create create create create create create create a beneficial effect. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a there's a lot of things that can create this effect. This I this I I I I I I I this I this I this I this I this I mean um you you you you you you you know um like okay is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival survival survival survival survival survival survival mechanism that's been around for you know um I mean like um um um um um um um um eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis like you know know know know know know know uh well well you know podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks stucks stucks stucks stucks stucks stucks official entities. Please so so you know well you know I mean remember to support the the the the the the the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um you know like read along with us. If you if you if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you have epilepsy or any any any any any any any other light-sensitive disabilities or uh you know so okay you know okay disorders, we suggest suggest suggest suggest suggest suggest suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know like so um uh you know linked in the episode description description description description description description description if you wish to Read instead of I mean you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're going to have some some some some some some some okay so like you know okay well opinions about the construction of the story story story story story story story. These opinions may be different from yours, but I mean um I mean you you you you you you you know you know so we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show this show show show show show show show this show this show this show this show this show is not safe uh so you you you you you you you know I mean well okay for work. And if you're a minor we ask that you you you you you you you wait to listen until I mean okay like you know you know so you were old old old old old old old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm um like uh you know you know well wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah show and today we'll be talking about like so uh I mean um you know know know know know know know Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I mean um um I mean okay so know me as your own cloud. She She She She She She She might she might she might she might she might she might she might say this this this this this this this for the cloud money days okay like okay uh okay okay we could dance for for for for for for for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for sure. He is the big big big big big big big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is he is he is he is he is he is he is the money.
Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night night night night night night night toothbrushing uh uh like like so okay show start brushing on the top of your mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth on one side and brush the like uh um um you know so so so so so so so inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where where where where where where where um okay you know um so okay every day we tell you about a a a a a a a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're like well uh uh well you know know know know know know know talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your no, your your your your your your your no, your no, your no, your no, your no, your mom's cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, but um well um so like um we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes sense um like well well so um. Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a super like like like like like like like okay like so um I mean talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold Gold Gold Gold Gold Gold Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
on July on July on July on July on July on July on July July July July July July July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned like you you you you you you you know like like like so on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite Cronkite Cronkite Cronkite Cronkite Cronkite Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage um uh you know okay well um Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo 11 moon like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay uh um landing was being filmed live from space the ship ship ship ship ship ship ship had a built-in Custom-made camera transferring you know well you know like okay I mean its its its its its its its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different Studios one I I I I I I I mean well well so well okay in California and to in Australia when the the the the the the the broadcast was over and Apollo 11 made um like um okay I mean well it it it it it it it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes for safekeeping. They They They They They They They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you you you you you you you um you know um I mean so so by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best uh so so you know well um um um um um um um of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously it's ridiculously it's ridiculously it's ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously it's ridiculously it's ridiculously it's ridiculously easy to use now well you know know know know know know know so um I mean well anger can match you with great spot. So So So So So So So you want to advertise on your podcast you know okay um you know so so so so so so so well. That means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's what I'm doing uh I mean you know well you know um right now by reading reading reading reading reading reading reading sad I said it before but you know, we love well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well you know using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped stopped save the audio. It's like like like so like like very easy to you you you you you you you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want um um you you you you you you you know I mean you know uh to cut out some, you know dead dead dead dead dead dead dead are very easy to do that you know like um I mean like um um um um um um um as well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and and and and and and and make uh okay so like you know like money doing it go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m / start that's anchored FM so so uh like I mean um / start start start start start start start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We We We We We We We um so well so so well don't have anything to look forward to all year. So So So So So So So in so in so in so in so in so in so in that that first Saturday March.
All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And And And And And And And guess what um okay um um okay well we host our podcast on anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking to host so I mean uh you you you you you you you know okay so your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started started started started started started started this you know you know well like you know like got a Content creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from um okay okay so so so so so so so uh like a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can can can can can can can do it uh well I mean okay well well there too. They'll also help you you you you you you you distribute it which is probably the most challenging I mean so uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and and and and and and and get so so I mean uh um uh it right on a Spotify and and and and and and and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean you know founds And you know what, you can monetize it to to to to to to to make a little cash so okay I mean uh uh so for sharing your great content content content content content content content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast well like so like like like like like like like like I mean all in one individual place. So, you know what head over over over over over over over to your so like you know uh uh you know app store download the the the the the the the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If well I mean so so so so so so so like well like you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is is is is is is is Reuben okay you know uh like like um of the cheek. This is this is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is wien amazing amount. You're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to the London okay um I mean like uh well is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth uh um okay okay well um AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo - Josh Val said is your actual okay well uh well um so name. Do you you you you you you you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho no. Oh, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well so so you know she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how how how how how how how many different names you called ho I mean uh well like um so over over over over over over over the course of the season because there's been at least ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho so you know well like okay well Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at at at at at at at one point now, I'll remember it because now well uh um uh okay well it's it's it's it's it's it's it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - oh - - - - - - - oh - oh - oh - oh - oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of I mean like like so um so podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Network. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know um okay okay and practice and guides us on a path of healing healing healing healing healing healing healing transformation an Awakening to so so so uh okay I mean experiencing the divine divine divine divine divine divine divine. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and I I I I I I I mean okay you know like well um Magilla that's very close to my heart heart heart heart heart heart heart. It's based on a mission of that um so uh um I mean uh says that that that that that that that if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means uh I I I I I I I mean you know um like so you were kind of dozing off noonim noonim noonim noonim noonim noonim noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like uh like like you know uh you know disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to like like like like like like like um well uh so well talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to okay like um so I mean um make a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to so so so so so so so I mean so okay you know like record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your like uh like like okay uh podcast for you so so so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many like like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership and uh so like like I mean so it's everything you need to make a a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor like okay um I mean so so so so so so so well app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
Today on today on today on today on today on today on today on Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories uh uh okay uh you know know know know know know know well to take care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a a a a a a a runtime I mean uh like I mean well uh. There's some She-Hulk rumors some Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos okay okay like well like you you you you you you you know and we're going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's just I mean uh you know okay like I mean call it a rumor rumor rumor rumor rumor rumor rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome you know I I I I I I I mean well so okay so to popcorn top featuring movie discussion news and and and and and and and interview. We talk moving and here's pop so uh you know well like uh corn corn corn corn corn corn corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um you know uh um Studios. Welcome our welcome our welcome our welcome our our our our our our our welcome our welcome our welcome our movie news. We are we are we are we we we we we we we are we are we are we are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain explain explain explain explain explain explain that so I mean um like well you know one later. Yeah, we have have have have have have have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make it'll make it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll make it'll make it'll make it'll make it'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is this is this is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is a podcast all about you know know know know know know know um well you know uh um spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about about about about about about about things like the shift from 3D divide um I mean okay well well well well well well well so so D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the the the the the the the akashic I mean uh um uh like I mean records all. All the things things things things things things things I'm so glad that you're here with me today um uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like. I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I I I I I I I appreciate I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it it it it it it it. Hey beautiful being welcome like you know like you know well okay back to to to to to to to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much for being here with like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean so you know me today. I'm really excited to to to to to to to have you before we get started. If you if you if you if if if if if if if you if you if you if you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding uh um I mean uh okay you know brand. Hello and welcome to the the the the the the the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today uh uh I mean I mean so you you you you you you you know it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to like you know so well well so yourself about yourself in the the the the the the the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so. Honestly, we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we we we we we we we so well so okay I mean like had a break up our waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to I mean okay okay well well well well well well well okay you know plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually actually actually actually actually actually actually we're actually we're actually we're actually we're actually we're actually we're actually going to cover cover cover cover cover cover cover well uh I mean um um I mean off planning a wedding when you've got got got got got got got small children and a some elements of well well I mean okay like so planning planning planning planning planning planning planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today and today today today today today today today and today and today and today and today and today we are recording from from from from from from from I mean I mean well like okay okay the Bethke home in Maui after a a a a a a a crazy secrets of events that okay I mean I mean like so you know know know know know know know we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good good good good good good good. It's the um uh you know uh uh um intro song inches on on on on on on on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not you know like so well well well well well well well so so in our basement at our home. Hey, that's hey, that's hey, that's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, that's hey, that's hey, that's hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome uh welcome uh uh uh uh uh uh uh welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh um you know you know know know know know know know you know like. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a a a a a a a part of your well um you know like I mean I mean week. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but but but but but but but uh I mean I mean uh okay you know me because my heart is is is is is is is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna you know so well well well well well well well uh uh okay be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin coffin coffin coffin coffin coffin coffin well um well you know like okay into the mic that might be be be be be be be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh you know you know Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring spring spring spring spring spring spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March I mean okay okay I mean you know I I I I I I I mean 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th okay um you know so you know well. And as we go through the the the the the the the spring, there's going to be a break again after okay I mean um you you you you you you you know well uh that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we we we we we we we will try to um um you know I mean you know uh hit as many many many many many many many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are um you know like like like like like like like well you know okay open to the media how many we have Tim we have have have have have have have five open by Focus like well okay um I mean you know and the Beauties Beauties Beauties Beauties Beauties Beauties Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new so so so you you you you you you you know so uh facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage vantage vantage vantage vantage vantage vantage point. I think we uh okay you know uh um like mentioned that last podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour uh you know well well well well well well well um I mean so to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do do do do do do do a okay like so like okay um little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, actually, actually, actually, actually, actually, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually okay I mean um um you know know know know know know know like work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans fans fans fans fans fans fans. Favorite pastime I mean uh you know so like okay will be analyzing gaming 28 results results results results results results results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end well so um well you you you you you you you know so there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week week week week week week week 29 joining us this week for uh uh okay um like like the second time time time time time time time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter Staunton. Last Last Last Last Last Last Last like well okay you know um okay time you came on your above Dave despite not not not not not not not touching your team since I mean I mean okay so um you know game week week week week week week week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh um okay uh. In the world, which is still about half way way way way way way way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think you know well like well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean out of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used to interested though though though though though though though like okay you know uh okay you know well-known. I get the impression you're not not not not not not not from from the fact you have well well I mean well so okay a a a a a a a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the problem there you you you you you you you know um um you know well uh was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. So like so like so like so like so like so like so like you you you you you you you know you know you know um well we just got a letter so for for for for for for for you here, we wanted to talk about uh like uh okay okay well a few things things things things things things things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days since you know I I I I I I I mean well uh okay uh the finale and couple things we want to to to to to to to talk about before the reunions um so um uh uh well show just in case that that that that that that that It gets wild and we don't want to well okay you know well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know, take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're we're we're we're we're we're we're yeah, um you know like so you know um the internet is swirling with post post post post post post post interviews and insights into the show. And I um so I mean uh like you you you you you you you know think now that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely see certain like uh like like I mean so couples out there on the the the the the the the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want okay you know like I I I I I I I mean like so to talk about what we found out since the show and how how how how how how how we so so like well um so feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family I I I I I I I mean like okay I mean um you know of fragrances gives everyone a a a a a a a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to okay um so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you you you you you you you well um okay I mean I mean well had they were they all came came came came came came came from church, you know, I mean and church was well so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had had had had had had had about, you know, uh you know like like so like the the death of the the the the the the the black church in the black community. E in the uh like well you know know know know know know know okay I mean role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you you you you you you you know, you well um like uh you know uh don't really hear like like like like like like like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every okay well you you you you you you you know um I mean like now and again probably last one is its its its its its its its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic um okay well like so I mean. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um you know well just those big voices, I mean you you you you you you you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom. Where well well um I mean um uh we explore faith and pop culture from a a a a a a a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to you know um I mean okay okay well another installment installment installment installment installment installment installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire well well well well well well well um well I mean you know like the block leaves off. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host vetiver and you can find find find find find find find me I mean uh okay uh okay okay at the ER ite etfe you on all all all all all all all social media platforms. Have you already given uh I mean I mean you you you you you you you know so I mean up on your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're We're We're We're We're We're We're discussing the biblical okay um so so okay well approach to Fitness and Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the uh so um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um course to get back on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey journey journey journey journey journey journey um I mean uh uh you know okay all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
Hey before hey before hey before hey before hey before hey before hey before before before before before before before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things you know well well well well well well well you know I mean so um about the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that that that that that that that we need the wisdom of you know like okay um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too too too too too too too well so um like you know I mean often finding that person. We trust trust trust trust trust trust trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then and then and then and then and then then then then then then then and then and then if well so um I mean I mean like we do do do do do do do find them then on the other side of the world or like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay I mean is too expensive or they just don't have the time. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been mentoring people uh um like like um uh now for over 30 years in in in in in in in a one-on-one basis and at the okay I mean well like okay so start start start start start start start of this year. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been I've been thinking a lot about how I can mentor more um so so so so so so so you know um well okay people how I can help more people. So I so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I have created an an an an an an an online community called uh okay uh so so uh the mentorship group here. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll be able to join me live for monthly you know so you know you know know know know know know know like okay group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything you like whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever you are okay uh um well so well in the world for a fraction of the the the the the the the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can you can you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can be part of this new intimate conversational.
What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, Razorback Razorback Razorback Razorback Razorback Razorback Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and uh you know like like like like like like like like uh um on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for for for for for for for downloading. Reading and listening to I mean I mean well um so so our our our our our our our show. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope you you you you you you you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate like uh so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas Arkansas you know uh uh you know I mean um Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana well well well well well well well so um okay well I mean husband here with my friend and clever te te te te te te te and Gordon today. We will be um okay well um you know well discussing brocco brocco brocco brocco brocco brocco brocco ton. 10:59 before 10:59 before 10:59 before 10:59 before 10:59 before 10:59 before 10:59 before before before before before before before we get started on today's death. I just want to I mean um well um um um um um um um I mean okay share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual sium. We really looked at um so I mean you know um I mean this this this this this this this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us us us us us us us over you know you know like well um like the past. It'll be it'll be be be be be be be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be 60 plus days if you you you you you you you are interested in sharing a thought um okay uh so so okay of favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that we've like okay so so so so so so so so um I mean learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or or or or or or or Whatsapp group our email so you know uh uh uh uh. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your okay I mean like like like like like like like I mean okay I mean host Simon and in today's episode. This is the the the the the the the audio version of video that we originally published um uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you if you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you like this show, please do like like like like like like like like I mean um you know I mean consider leaving us a review or or or or or or or ever get your podcasts. That would be awesome so well well I mean you know know know know know know know okay and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 internet internet internet internet internet internet internet. And um you know so uh uh you know in the video today, today, today, today, today, today, today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy bungles on the um so I I I I I I I mean well um so 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed killed killed killed killed killed killed a waiter in Lillehammer I mean like uh like so you know Norway seeking revenge for for for for for for for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well so was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack attack attack attack attack attack attack. And the like uh well so you know you know murder was just another blunder by by by by by by by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over I mean like uh you know well well well well well well well uh the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and and and and and and and here we I mean um uh okay well okay have 10 of those Biggest Biggest Biggest Biggest Biggest Biggest Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list well uh uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts um well okay like like so the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Rich Rich Rich Rich Rich Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism you know um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what what what what what what what art is thanks so um you know okay okay well so much for agreeing to to to to to to to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached out to uh like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um me Heidi. It's absolutely it's absolutely it's absolutely it's absolutely it's absolutely it's it's it's it's it's it's it's absolutely it's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years. So So So So So So So I've I mean well I mean um well I mean been looking forward to to to to to to to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was I was thinking on the way here.
This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual uh um well like okay so exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests protests protests protests protests protests protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of a Bill, um you know I mean um um um um um um um like like that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married married married married married married married their victims in you know like um like you know um response to to to to to to to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 the government announced uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um well you know like plans for a similar new new new new new new new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing paper. I okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay so likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to to to to to to to address the enduring issue okay you know uh well uh like of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the the the the the the the weekly weekly podcast I mean um I mean you know um uh and and and and and and and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so you you you you you you you know well uh okay okay you know far and want to touch another another another another another another another thing that I did last week. I made a uh like I mean you you you you you you you know I mean so mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about about about about about about about the meme she you know okay so uh so so put out and and and and and and and about be kind and I notice when I listen back you know you know like like like like like like like I mean well I mean to it that I said be nice. It's not a a a a a a a big mistake. It's not a well like so you know okay well big big big big big big big difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to to to to to to to set it uh I mean uh okay well okay right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need we we we we we we we need we need we need we need we need we need to do so um um um um um um um I mean you know you know um the top 10 that we did did did did did did did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do um well uh um um I I I I I I I mean it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, the I mean you know I mean okay I mean like top 10. Introduce Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say let's say let's say let's say say say say say say say let's say let's say let's say somebody just like okay you know um well well well well well well well well why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
Hello. Hello. My name my name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat snare like uh so so so so so so so well I mean you know drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of of of of of of of my conversation with Dan so I mean so okay well so Bailey where where where where where where where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um um artist Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played played played played played played played with Father like uh like like okay well John Misty first aid kit rain wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf and many more. He recently released his uh okay uh okay like I I I I I I I mean video series that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio okay okay okay you know like you know track land in Orange County in in in in in in in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and you know so so so so so so so you know so you know you know ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all all all all all all all in real time, which is rare I mean I mean well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like. So you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part well well well well well well well you know you know uh okay okay two Dives little deeper into how and and and and and and and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications like uh so like like so. You You You You You You You can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e you you you you you you you know you know um like you know like why.com and check them out on on on on on on on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is you know know know know know know know well you know so like okay Terry deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and and and and and and and we've are I'm one glass of so okay um so well um you know, Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what like you know well well well well well well well you know well well vinho Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like like 495 it's worth so um I mean you know okay I mean. It's always on the the the the the the the bottom shelf. It always it always it always it always it always it always always always always always always always it always takes me a really long time to well um um I I I I I I I mean uh like But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not like you can be I mean you know okay so okay like like, like, like, like, like, like, like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you know Verde white you you you you you you you know uh um so like I mean wine is green wine. That That That That That That That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide um um like uh so um um um um um um um section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which is is is is is is is why okay uh you know okay you know you know they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
A friend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend you were listening to episode number three three three three three three three of dear past. Thank you. My guest today so you know I mean so so so so so so so so uh is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me me me me me me me to share her uh okay uh um uh okay emotional story of abuse loss trauma in in in in in in in divorce. I am so grateful for um um okay well um well this opportunity to spend spend spend spend spend spend spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three okay so you know know know know know know know you know uh like year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl girl girl girl girl girl girl I mean okay uh so I mean so was always smiling. She had she had had had had had had had she had she had she had she had she had the best sense of of of of of of of humor and was just so fun to I mean okay um um you know know know know know know know uh be around even to this day. She is still full of life and you you you you you you you know you know uh well um so so are her kids. I love her energy her her her her her her her philanthropy her love for people um okay so I mean I mean so and her love for for for for for for for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank well, thank well, thank well, thank well, thank thank thank thank thank thank thank well, thank well, thank you so um like I mean you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean much for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
Hello there. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is this is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sitting I'm sitting I'm sitting I'm sitting I'm sitting I'm sitting down with well um um um um um um um um uh like uh actor on my heart for a long time. You know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know you know you know him from these various various various various various various various parts uh like well I mean well okay. Probably the first part you would Norm Norm Norm Norm Norm Norm Norm for is the power of methadone Mac on still you know I I I I I I I mean well okay um well game since then, he's been in a lots of of of of of of of things like car. Of a rule okay uh um uh okay like Lane Lane Lane Lane Lane Lane Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm with a few Detective so um um um um um um um uh you know you know um Mike clock. And he's and he's and and and and and and and he's and he's and he's and he's and he's a really good actor. He's a a a a a a a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
To the to the to the to the to the to the to the the the the the the the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh okay you know that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had had had had had had had to you know, okay okay uh so um okay bring it back and and and and and and and do it again twice. That's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's that's that's that's that's that's that's what that's what I'm talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how how how how how how how well so you know I mean um you know entertaining will be when you you you you you you you are watching us. Now. You can watch the so okay okay okay okay okay 4:30 movie movie movie movie movie movie movie with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day well well well well well well well you know like uh so you know on electric. Now. How do you get get get get get get get electric now? You download you download you download you download you download you download you you you you you you you download distro TV stir TV Zumo like um well so well um TV and soon the the the the the the the electric now app and you just have to pick one. You like like I mean um well well well well well well well okay don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it helps helps helps helps helps helps helps um well you know okay you know uh and you can watch us on on on on on on on the Electric now channel don't miss us as um so so okay I I I I I I I mean um we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person person person person person person person. Hey, this is Marc like so like okay I mean okay a Altman from Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if and if and if and if if if if if if if and if and if and if you're a James so well okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Nobody Nobody Nobody Nobody Nobody Nobody Does it Better the complete you know okay so you know uh so uncensored oral history of of of of of of of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is is is is is is is Mike Rankin okay so um you know so uh. I will I will will will will will will will I will I will I will I will I will be your host this this this this this this this time around and boy. Do we have you know I mean you know okay you you you you you you you know uh a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can can can can can can can you know you know I mean well uh uh follow them on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate you jumping in okay you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This is uh uh uh you know um like going to be weird for me me me me me me me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview like I mean okay like like like like like like like um uh other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having having having having having having having so um I mean so I mean well me on the show. And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement like okay well um so well right right right right right right right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really is you you you you you you you know so uh I mean okay uh like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect expect expect expect expect expect expect to get as big as it's turned um okay um um well okay into into into into into into into and now we're you know, we got this live event of cork and so uh um um um um um um um um like well Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying trying trying trying trying trying trying out a well well well you know you know uh live broadcast from there through through through through through through through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um I mean to two shows a week instead of one and it just just just just just just just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we we we we we we we discuss so so uh like uh well both the Hobby and business sides of collecting collecting collecting collecting collecting collecting collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, well you know I mean I mean I mean um um um um um um um and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a a a a a a a so you know well okay uh I mean collection you'll love. Hello everybody and thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you for joining me for another episode today uh so um I mean uh like like like like like like like. I want to ask you a question. Do you do you do you do you you you you you you you do you do you do you enjoy collecting cards? No really uh like like like like like like like you know okay so uh if the whole card industry went away. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you think your life would be better uh so you know um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh or worse? I think I think I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think if you really stop and think about it and honest okay I I I I I I I mean like you know so I mean answer for some of you would be yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I'd be better off if it so I mean uh you know um um um um um um um well all went away and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try try try try try try try make well okay uh I mean uh like a podcast and better yet. Try it it it it it it it on anchor because one it's free, which is uh you know well uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right you know uh um okay uh uh from your phone or your computer and after after after after after after after you're done they'll distribute your podcast for I mean uh like so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the free I I I I I I I mean um so well I mean like anchor app or go to Anchored Anchored Anchored Anchored Anchored Anchored Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we so like okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board uh well well well well well well well I mean like okay okay member Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some some some some some some some golden points. I'm I mean um like so you know so Michael Carboni. This This This This This This This is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening I mean so so so so so so so like okay so I mean to Jason kangaroos the rugby league podcast. Fans Fans Fans Fans Fans Fans Fans who are passionate about saying the game um so you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like played in more places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of of of of of of of chasing well well uh like like you know kangaroos. I've got a very very very very very very very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to to to to to to to the Netherlands. Rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website website website website website website website I mean so you know you know you know well life and football.com. Once Once Once Once Once Once Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams you know well you you you you you you you know so I mean you know. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, sir. That was eight and are you know uh so so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game game game game game game game against uh I mean you know like I mean uh Georgia State. This kid kid kid kid kid kid kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling I'm telling I'm telling I'm telling telling telling telling telling telling telling I'm telling I'm telling I'm telling y'all hand down like you know okay you you you you you you you know I mean um Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I I I I I I I love what uh you know so like um uh they have going on over there there there there there there there. I love I love I love I love I love I love I love love love love love love love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
If you if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast like like uh you you you you you you you know okay so. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and so I mean so like uh you know edit your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know okay like uh for you. So it can be heard on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more so okay well um you know like like like like like like like you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need um um I mean uh well um to make podcasts in one place place place place place place place download the free ankle up or good Echo you know okay okay um you you you you you you you know you know the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is Is Is Is Is Is Is wealth I mean uh uh um well okay talk. I'm so excited about talking to you you you you you you you about money, but not just money well I mean so so well so wealth means means means means means means means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not not not not not not not um uh you know well um um just about how much money you you you you you you you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony okay so so uh I I I I I I I mean well in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's largest largest largest largest largest largest largest uh so so um you know um mining pool lectures goal is to operate operate operate operate operate operate operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an intense customer you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so like focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great great great great great great great selection of pools I mean I mean um I mean like um um um um um um um for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin you you you you you you you know I mean uh well okay I mean for which they launched their mining pool in in in in in in in October. So be sure to go and like okay um so uh uh check check check check check check check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the the the the the the the show like okay well uh okay I mean going into 2020. We would love love love love love love love it if you as listeners would support the show by Ting you know know know know know know know um you know like well you know them you can find them online at at at at at at at Luxor dot Tech and give them a um I mean you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into into into into into into into you know I mean um I mean I mean well the hash rate podcast the best best best best best best best crypto mining podcast in the history of the world on okay like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean today's episode mean hash and I are joined by mr mr mr mr mr mr mr. Seth Estrada. We okay okay well like you know you know talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We talk about masternodes. We you you you you you you you know you know I mean like you know well talk a little little little little little little little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has an epic rant on the well well well well well well well um so okay um I mean inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space space space space space space space. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at so so so so so so so well you know you know uh okay the time of prayer at 3:00 in the the the the the the the afternoon. Now a man who was lame well like I mean uh well you you you you you you you know from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he he he he he he he was put so so uh you know so uh every day to beg from from from from from from from those going into the temple courts when he saw uh well okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks looks looks looks looks looks looks That uh I mean okay you know um I mean him as did John then Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter said look at us. So the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the so the so the man gave them you know you know okay you know know know know know know know well uh his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter then Peter then then then then then then then Peter then Peter then Peter then Peter then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
Occupy a occupy a occupy a occupy a occupy a occupy a occupy a job job job job job job job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City in um um well well well well well well well uh you know well the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode 71 the Lincoln Center like uh I mean well like so cat fight after the the the the the the the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know like in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it it it it it it it did look pretty hopeless well uh you know so uh um. Japan was mired mired mired mired mired mired mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon row like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like so uh of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just just just just just just just a bunch of rice eating okay you know like so okay so peasants, but I work work work work work work work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit of I mean like so well um um um um um um um so a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no one well um um um um um um um well you know well uh else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started Started Started Started Started Started Started to bloom it my fund we like uh okay well so well already already already already already already already had FX in the region but back in those days. It was it was it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was almost like the trading trading trading trading trading trading trading well like so you know okay um job was unionized if you wanted to trade trade trade trade trade trade trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
Free to free to free to free to free to free to free free free free free free free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean um well and Steph podcast back for another week of fun. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everybody. What I what I what I what I what I what I what I I I I I I I mean uh you know you know like you know up staff? Hey, how was the weekend? weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah okay yeah okay yeah okay okay okay okay okay okay okay yeah okay yeah okay yeah okay yeah okay um like uh you know know know know know know know so fantastic. You got to sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida well okay well so I mean well. I know it is rough being back here in in in in in in in PA, but it was all uh I mean um I mean uh like right. I I I I I I I can't complain man, you know on Friday. We had a show about okay okay uh you you you you you you you know so well the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend by stuffing stuffing stuffing stuffing stuffing stuffing stuffing them in uh I mean okay uh okay so a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing I'm playing playing playing playing playing playing playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing hide and seek and and and and and and and they have internal and oh, well uh like you know okay okay I don't know if if if if if if if you should go back to Florida. It is full of well so I mean I I I I I I I mean um uh really really weird people but it also has Disney and sunshine and your your your your your your your brother like uh um so uh so. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no oh no oh oh oh oh oh oh oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
So in so in so in so in so in so in so in in in in in in in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of all you you you you you you you know so um like so uh going to look at a summary of what what what what what what what happens in seems one and I mean well well uh well like two of of of of of of of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well uh um speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to to to to to to to get the okay I mean okay uh I mean um crown. He says I I I I I I I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still well like so okay well like like like like like like like hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll bankroll bankroll bankroll bankroll bankroll bankroll so okay I mean uh you know so his chief guests this implies that he he he he he he he still treats banquet like his best friend well so like um you know well. Of Of Of Of Of Of Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in in in in in in in another well you know well well like uh city liquid. He says that having the crown crown crown crown crown crown crown is not enough. He must feel secure I mean okay like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that that that that that that that the so you know uh well um uh wise Banquo is a threat to his his his his his his his crown saying there is none but well you know okay like I mean so he whose whose whose whose whose whose whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards you you you you you you you know so so so so um Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I well well well well well well well I well I well I well I well I well I well I I I I I I I mean um like well um don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want want want want want want want to be like I don't be um uh um well you know like drowsy heat heat heat heat heat heat heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self you've reached episode I I I I I I I mean you know okay you know well so to my conversation with my mom mom mom mom mom mom mom. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you read read read read read read read to shake the sleeping self, well like like I mean okay like you know that my my my my my my my mom is a main character and a beloved one, but also the um like I I I I I I I mean uh I mean I mean source of a lot of conflict and my my my my my my my life and my heart in my I mean okay okay you know I mean uh soul soul soul soul soul soul soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she has very strong strong strong strong strong strong strong okay well okay well well um convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved saved saved saved saved saved saved her life and those beliefs Map uh uh uh um well I mean onto my my my my my my my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my my my my my my my personal journey well like um uh uh so of living with terminal cancer has has has has has has has led me to believe that most of the perceived uh I mean so um um um um um um um you know you know problems and worries going on in our heads could be be be be be be be changed by embracing. The simple the simple the simple the simple the simple the simple simple simple simple simple simple simple the simple you know um you know uh uh um fact that we all only only only only only only only have one life and that none of us I mean you know like I I I I I I I mean okay uh are promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all we we we we we we we all we all we all we all we all we all call home regardless regardless regardless regardless regardless regardless regardless. Of like um you know okay I mean you know our current health status after all would would would would would would would you seriously stay in the job you hate or well okay okay like well I I I I I I I mean the relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life life life life life life life could end next year. Hell so you know um um well so no, you'd be out out out out out out out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly uh you know you you you you you you you know you know I mean well wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in in in in in in in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview um well uh I mean okay I mean people who are are are are are are are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and I I I I I I I mean um uh uh like well opinions and expertise you would like to share share share share share share share with the world? Well anchor is well you know um well so I mean the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you you you you you you you so um okay uh like I mean everything you need in one place for free free free free free free free and you can easily download it onto okay okay so you know well so your your your your your your your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and and and and and and and well I mean so you know I mean okay edit so your podcast sounds great great great great great great great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple um apple um apple um apple apple apple apple apple apple apple um apple um apple um apple um so like you know you you you you you you you know um podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you so so so so so so so okay like like so uh can easily make money with your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. So go download the like like I mean uh like well app anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, so um um um um um um um uh well I mean I mean it's Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 102 102 102 102 102 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm going okay uh I mean okay well um to to to to to to to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is is is is is is is Kelly like um you know um you know okay Scheib. For those of you you you you you you you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here here here I'm here I'm here joined by my co-host I mean you know so um um um um um um um like um Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and as as as as as as as is um um so uh uh okay typical with my life, we change change change change change change change the plan because there's this little known well okay um okay you know like virus virus virus virus virus virus virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was well well well well well well well well like you know okay I mean incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that that that that that that that topic today if it weren't you just okay I mean I mean like like okay in, California California California California California California California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is you know know know know know know know okay well you know like like originated. I think that we need no well, like have have have have have have have you been watching United States? you know um um you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you you you you you you you they haven't like well I mean well uh so even taken taking my temperature. All All All All All All All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the experts so like so well well so we have have have have have have have here today to talk to us. So today we are joined by I mean um um um um um um um uh I mean um so dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the well um um um um um um um like you know you know well topic of today's newsletter is going to be be be be be be be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind you know I mean like like so um of of of of of of of interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well you know well my work and telling me how just in a short period of of of of of of of time. He's in well um um uh uh I mean a situation where I I I I I I I guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of like like so well well well well well well well like um getting a divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago ago ago ago ago ago ago. He found uh like like uh okay you know out she was having an an an an an an an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting uh okay um um um um um um um uh um well thing is he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with with with with with with with the divorce, you know um um I mean well I mean but the the the the the the the interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his his his his his his his like um uh uh um like wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital so so so so so so so okay I mean um well I mean podcast with only for The Scorch KO Yung Yung Yung Yung Yung Yung Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was okay uh okay like okay well engaged those those those those those those those things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward well you you you you you you you know you know uh uh I mean to getting some contest Soma Soma And it's it's it's it's it's it's it's actually been a long process a few you know so well I mean uh um um um um um um um when we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just okay well well well well well well well um okay you know so start a podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one one one one one one one is following a you know like uh okay you know um few months months months months months months months now and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually got like okay you you you you you you you know um okay well go to my I don't remember that day like yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday device right here is a okay um so I mean like okay kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of weird one were both jumping on the train and without a couple like like like like like like like okay you know uh I mean like of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't well uh um uh um I mean all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and and and and and and and nasty place and I don't care how you know uh uh uh well um tough tough tough tough tough tough tough you are. It will it will it will it will it will it will it it it it it it it will beat you to your knees and keep you well well I mean you know know know know know know know okay well there permanently. If you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you if you if you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit as I I I I I I I mean okay you know like well you know hard as life, but it ain't about how how how how how how how hard you hit it's about how hard you um okay like I mean I I I I I I I mean like can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and and and and and and and keep you know um you know you know uh okay moving forward. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're worth then well well well well well well well well like okay okay um go out and get what you're worth. But you you you you you you you but you but you but you but you but you but you gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta be willing to take like like uh I mean like I mean the hits hits hits hits hits hits hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because so you know know know know know know know you know like you know uh of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And And And And And And And that ain't well I mean so okay um okay you you better than that that that that that that that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep well like so okay you you you you you you you know well moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know know know know know know know I mean um uh well well um it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So So So So So So So let's get into it. And we're like you know um well um like I I I I I I I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the so the so the so the the the the the the the so the so the so the quick podcast quick well like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know turnaround in what three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. Yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for for for for for for for yeah for the viewers so okay um I mean um like that we will be be be be be be be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but I mean um so so so so so so so well you know well maybe Monday here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's to say Tuesday. Sorry well like well I mean like so. I got my week week week week week week week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, I don't so like um um well you know know know know know know know know what that means. It's something it's something it's something it's something it's something it's something something something something something something something it's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not it's not it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not super so like so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Tuesday. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like I like I like you know like like like like like like like um um uh believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to to to to to to to join okay okay well uh uh um this week because he is on spring spring spring spring spring spring spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What uh well um well you you you you you you you know um up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special special special special special special special guests you know okay okay so so I mean from Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher Fisher Fisher Fisher Fisher Fisher Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and well like uh I mean um um um um um um um well Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to park park park park park park park asked daily. Today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're we're we're we're we're we're we're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown you know so okay like um um um um um um um uh from the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state state state state state state state of Kentucky you know uh I mean like okay um. She was found on her her her her her her her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man uh well well you know know know know know know know well I mean confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to to to to to to to Betty Gale Brown that I mean well well um so uh night to hear more more more more more more more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or so so uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder murder murder murder murder murder murder case listener you know well you know like so okay discretion is is is is is is is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well um that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution for children under 13. On uh on uh on uh on uh on uh on uh uh uh uh uh uh uh on uh so okay so uh so an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer layer layer layer layer layer layer Aid um well like um well well conference which is happening for the third year year year year year year year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in Providence, you know you know so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely solely solely solely solely solely solely focus I mean you know like um okay uh on social engineering and open open open open open open open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and so so so like um so so so so so so so osint investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear hear hear hear hear hear hear okay you know so well you know like many of those stories through their presentations at at at at at at at the conference, but not every story can well like I mean uh uh um um um um um um um fill a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference conference conference conference conference conference conference which like like uh well well like brings us here. This podcast will only be be be be be be be stories told by the investigators themselves well I mean I mean um like um. No No No No No No No interviews. No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes like you you you you you you you know so I mean uh well some may even go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay stay stay stay stay stay stay or okay I mean well you know I mean um reflect those of the company company company company company company company and its management for their more the views and like uh I mean um um um um um um um like you know opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Julian Julian Julian Julian Julian Julian Morgan's so um okay so okay uh. This is the show that that that that that that that explores the far ends of human experience. And today I mean you know uh you you you you you you you know you know okay we're looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science science science science science science science experiments of the 20th okay like so you know well I mean century. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside uh so I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean so this enormous glass dome for two years years years years years years years just to see what would happen. And as okay okay so I mean so um um um um um um um you'd imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I you you you you you you you know so like uh well well think things started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely rarely rarely rarely rarely rarely rarely about the four to six month uh uh I mean okay so like Mark. I I I I I I I think we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to uh I I I I I I I mean uh okay I mean you know anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I like like like like like like like like you know I mean like um want to be your Canary. There's a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a final fantasy podcast. We We We We We We We um we um we um we um we um we um we um like you know know know know know know know I mean I mean so are coming to you from multiple States. Got it it it it it it it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos like you know like like like like like like like I mean okay well and it's time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love love love love love love love that when you say uh well like so like so it. You sound sound sound sound sound sound sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back okay so um um um um um um um uh okay so to another episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're not in you know like you know so well so the new studio studio studio studio studio studio studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you you know know know know know know know um well I mean so I mean watch the Vlog that we posted at by by by by by by by the time you listen to this a um well uh so I mean well few few few few few few few weeks ago we found Mice in our basement. So we so we so we so we we we we we we we so we so we so we had to put our well you know so so so so so so so okay uh you know project on hold for a few while we get rid of of of of of of of that. But in the meantime like like well I mean okay you know now, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three you you you you you you you know so well like well um different places. This is definitely the most comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable out of all of them so uh okay you know I mean um uh high so, so, so, so, so, so, so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week well like like like like like like like like okay I mean uh and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Okay. So let so let so let so let so let so let so let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
What is what is what is what is what is what is what is everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB well um uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so and this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures Adventures uh okay you know um well you know of Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and and and and and and and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't you know well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go go go go go go go through our you know okay so I mean so okay recap roundups. Our best best best best best best best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure okay uh you know know know know know know know okay uh um to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right right right right right right right now I mean uh well so okay well for a chance to win a a a a a a a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To uh uh okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh enter just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the the the the the the the you know so well like like well draw. We're extending this contest to the the the the the the the end of Riverdale season for so like so um I mean I mean well we we we we we we we have lots of time as always to or containing listeners in a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like okay um uh brand new ones. Thank you for joining us. Don't forget forget forget forget forget forget forget don't forget don't forget don't forget don't forget don't forget don't forget to like comment and and and and and and and subscribe to um you know you know um I mean so the channel. Let's get get get get get get get into the episode. Yo, let's yo, let's yo, let's yo, let's yo, let's yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, let's yo, let's get into it the season um uh um uh well um um um um um um um finale. What do you think? It was it was it was it was it it it it it it it was it was it was it was good? It was really you know uh so so so so so so so you know so well good. They're a they're a they're a they're a they're a they're they're they're they're they're they're they're a they're a couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin you know well well well uh you know bring on comedians to recap Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with well um um okay uh like like like like like like like Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated and uh you know so so uh um by women, I mean woman. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all okay like um like okay well week week week week week week week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This This This This This This This episode includes okay well like okay you know so discussions of drug use use use use use use use and violence that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution like I I I I I I I mean so I mean I mean okay for children under 13 on a summer summer summer summer summer summer summer day in the mid-1960s at Bass Lake the you know well well um um um um um um um um you know California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader leader leader leader leader leader leader. Our 30 year old Sonny uh okay well you know well um Barger strolled through the the the the the the the quiet Campground as president of the Oakland Charter. He was a I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean so so legend in his own right at least. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's what he'd say. As Sonny walked um so you know like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo so so so so so so so okay well so well um that had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity so so so so so so so well okay I mean um so and other religions and their sacred texts through the lens lens lens lens lens lens lens of Satanism and order to reinvent you know okay I mean um like well religion for for for for for for for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like I mean listening to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by by by by by by by shamash, which I highly like okay you know I mean uh so recommend for for for for for for for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in in in in in in in I mean uh I mean well like well my car. My current my current my current current current current current current current my current my current my current my current workload prevents me from getting it replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced. So instead uh I mean I mean so um like of Music I've I've I've I've I've I've I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only like well so so so so so so so um well uh coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because because because because because because because I'm not you know so well you know uh um the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um well I I I I I I I mean um so you know dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is is is is is is is by far anchors the best I mean um like um like uh way to to to to to to to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put it out like like like like like like like you know you know I mean you know um on Spotify put out on on on on on on on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's so okay uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so by far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and and and and and and and I'm so um like uh like you know uh happy I stuck with anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if you're uh well like like you you you you you you you know well interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, like uh like like I mean okay what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner well like like like like like like like you know well um like has another partner that person by the way, for for for for for for for those of you don't know um um okay like so I mean has a a a a a a a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like uh uh like partner. So your so your so your so your your your your your your your so your so your so your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with with with with with with with someone you're well okay you know I mean well so in a relationship with with with with with with with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want like well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay to know this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with with with with with with with them. Maybe you're really well okay um uh like well into kitchen table poly, which is is is is is is is the idea that you can be on such like okay um uh um like like like like like like like good terms with your metamour that the two of you could sit down like so like like like like like like like well I mean like in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and have have have have have have have a cup of coffee and hang I mean you know uh like so like out. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang up on your your your your your your your uh well um uh you know you know partner from time to time time time time time time time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's like like like like like like like um well you know uh uh in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white white white white white white white. This episode is all things travel during you know so like okay so so chasing an an an an an an an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique um like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay lifestyle and to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently he currently he he he he he he he currently he currently he currently he currently he currently has Brewing I I I I I I I mean um you know okay I mean like you may have previously known Zach is is is is is is is one of one of the OG Neverland boys um um okay I mean you know know know know know know know um a group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth youth youth youth youth youth youth that sounds amazing to so I mean I mean um okay like me. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the the the the the the the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach uh like uh uh okay you you you you you you you know and I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot lot lot lot lot lot lot so so so like so like of people these days. Yeah, you should Park Park Park Park Park Park Park ourselves off when our laptops and a like okay um uh okay I mean lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get get get get get get get Chapman figure I mean well well you know I mean well out. You got a few few few few few few few things in common. And here and here and here and here and here and here here here here here here here and here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show show show show show show show notes okay okay well okay uh like in a hotel room me they always have have have have have have have those Bibles and and I opened I mean uh uh I mean okay so so so so so so so it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to to to to to to to you you know uh um I mean well I mean saying all is well. They're from from from from from from from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of have well I mean uh okay you you you you you you you know uh that habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words words words words words words words. And so okay um I mean I mean I mean so okay. So what I'm getting getting getting getting getting getting getting at is are there good angels and bad angels and we I mean well I I I I I I I mean uh you know I mean want to remind you that that there is a stream stream stream stream stream stream stream of well-being which you um um so um you know like are allowing or not not not not not not not. And what we've noticed about any who for whatever reason um okay so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment alignment alignment alignment alignment alignment alignment with that stream I mean okay so um you know um of well-being well-being well-being well-being well-being well-being well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that is so you okay I I I I I I I mean I mean like well you know is so painful from that painful painful painful painful painful painful painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta I mean um you know um I mean I mean gibberish. I'll be your host host host host host host host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to like so um um okay so be be be be be be be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking waking waking waking waking waking waking okay you know uh like uh you know youth. How did I come up with with with with with with with this idea? And what and what and what and what and what and what and and and and and and and what waking youth is uh okay um you know uh well all about so over over over over over over over the summer I was listening to a lot of you know um well well well well well well well um you know so podcasts and I was thinking that I really wanted to work work work work work work work and focus on I mean um um so so I mean my creativity and when when when when when when when I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean Spain. I was also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very very very very very very very stressed and very you know like uh um so well anxious and I realized realized realized realized realized realized realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like uh so you know like like like like like like like uh like this because we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
Greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist survival survival survival survival survival survival survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement like okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic you you you you you you you know like uh I mean okay so podcast Network front leg is a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast community of everything romance and romance related as so so I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know, I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and and and and and and and Amelia you know um well you know uh well. Well romance is not necessarily her her her her her her her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds you know okay you know um um um um um um um like so of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the the the the the the the value of so okay I mean um so um self-care. So we're really excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to be a part of this community. If you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're into romance um um um well so well well well well well well well in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one one one one one one one of you know you know okay uh okay so my very favorite podcast smart smart smart smart smart smart smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's I mean so you know know know know know know know like okay uh super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world world world world world world world uh you know uh I mean okay you know of True Crime letting you you you you you you you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every well you know know know know know know know you know okay uh um week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion episode. We're exploring the most fascinating so like uh I mean like um True Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from you know well well well well well well well I mean well uh you know some of our most popular podcast Originals to help help help help help help help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation uh well okay um like so method and and and and and and and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so okay I mean you can find these original episodes for for for for for for for free on Spotify or wherever you I mean I mean uh um um uh listen to to to to to to to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in I mean well well well well well well well uh okay so I mean the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and and and and and and and you well okay like like so I mean here we've had some some some some some some some really cool guest on the podcast. So we so we so we so we so so so so so so so we so we so we hope you guys have uh like well um well well well well well well well you know enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in the well well well well well well well I mean like um well so morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We We We We We We We literally we literally we literally we literally we literally we literally we literally literally make the the the the the the the okay you know okay I mean um I mean goal every morning to to to to to to to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight uh like uh you know know know know know know know I mean okay. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and and and and and and and we just uh well you know so so so felt prom justified in sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping till 7:00. We do we do we do we do we do we we we we we we we do we do it everyday though. Sometimes eat we um um well you you you you you you you know so uh cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with so so so so so so so well okay like um uh us again. And it's the whole crew here today today today today today today today and we're going to do this so okay okay like you know I mean ourselves in in in in in in in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've uh well so so so so so so so like well I mean been at this for a year. Well, I think think think think think think think this is like episode 56 or well so like uh so um something. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean you know well you know us, you know, occasionally we do do do do do do do say things that are not correct often speak for yourself so uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so. Awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, we awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but but but but but but but that just okay so you know I mean you know like has because we do is is is is is is is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from wherever like well well I I I I I I I mean okay um we are and we sit down and and I think most of the the the the the the the time we do I mean well well so you know okay catch each other but but but but but but but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad okay okay um I mean I I I I I I I mean you know. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn. I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad you you you you you you you got well like you know like like okay me last week on Warfield and Whitfield Whitfield Whitfield Whitfield Whitfield Whitfield Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet mullet mullet mullet mullet mullet mullet. Yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially when you.
Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay you know like um. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent consistent but last week I came okay uh uh so um um to New Orleans my hometown hometown hometown hometown hometown hometown hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a like um uh well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean lot of stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days days days days days days days after but I mean like um uh you know I mean I had so much much much much much much much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get um like well um um you you you you you you you know my pap. Smear I have errands to run I was linking with people that you you you you you you you know you know so like so uh I see in a while. Basically, I really really really really really really really didn't have time and then I'm staying you know I mean so um like like like like like like like um in New Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here and and and and and and and um you know so well so like nephews and it be loud like I'm finally finally finally finally finally finally finally recording because now I'm finally in my I mean so you know okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay house and no one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well you know um okay well like trying to record before somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and my I I I I I I I mean um well um you know I mean name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw uh so okay I mean I mean um um um um um um um and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about so so so so so so so like I mean uh so okay scientific topics that might be controversial. So just just just just just just just so just so just so just so just so just so just be mindful mindful mindful mindful mindful mindful mindful of before blasting this okay well so uh you know so episode on speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers. Also, please also, please also, please also, please also, please also, please also, please note when when when when when when when you have a sample known truth because I like so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh said being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at at at at at at at Massaquoi lastly. Views well okay I mean okay like like and opinions expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed by our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um uh by us? Okay now that's weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
Hello friends hello friends hello friends hello friends hello friends hello friends hello friends friends friends friends friends friends friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple so um okay so so so so so so so like okay dips episode 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I I I I I I I um well you know I mean okay um was right. Yeah. Boom one for one one one one one one one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in so so like okay well so there there there there there there there wait for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro uh well well well well well well well you know you know you know okay next time. That's extremely room a numbers guy guy guy guy guy guy guy. We got we got we got we got we got we got we we we we we we we got that Patrick Marsh joining us so you know like uh so I mean via Skype in in in in in in in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so like to warm up out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's raining. So it's like almost almost almost almost almost almost almost always um well you know you know um um cloudy, but you can tell tell tell tell tell tell tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that you know I mean um um um um um um um so like um we're used to being known for out here. It's weird. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like like it's like it's I mean uh well uh um so been positive degree temperature every every every every every every every day for the last I think week something uh um um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like that. Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
Due to due to due to due to due to due to due to to to to to to to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know. This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this episode this episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise advise advise advise advise advise advise I mean so well um I mean okay Extreme Caution for children under under under under under under under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone okay so so so so so so so uh okay well uh home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in in in in in in in the air and okay okay uh so like so the snow-covered World feels like like like like like like like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic um so so so so so so so so okay you know you know architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with with with with with with with your roommate you swap stories um uh okay you know you know you know know know know know know know about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like you know like the idea of a walk to the corner corner corner corner corner corner corner store for more chips and jelly beans well well you know well I mean I mean. Seems Seems Seems Seems Seems Seems Seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line line line line line line line well um uh um well you know. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then then then then then then then moving I came back with hot dogs you know so well um uh um for for for for for for for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at well well well well well well well well I mean um um you know the space amusement park is one of of of of of of of my favorite memories of all of us. And I mean like well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We so so so so so so so we so we so we so we so we so we so so well well well well well well well like you know you know all know are you get what you have to watch watch watch watch watch watch watch funnel cake typically uh um well okay okay I mean. Yeah, I definitely remember remember remember remember remember remember remember that because you're the only person I know who uh um uh you know know know know know know know well uh loves funnel cake more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down um so um um um um um um um like you know well the top 31 Sports scandals of the past past past past past past past 31 years in today's episode we I mean you know well so you know uh go back back back back back back back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so well um um was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also also also also also also also had another trial um I mean you know I mean okay well two years years years years years years years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for I I I I I I I mean well like so well like more shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna Edna Edna Edna Edna Edna Edna special as always you can listen well like um you know you know um free on on on on on on on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered okay you know know know know know know know like um I mean okay for the main event nearly nine out of ten households households households households households households households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew brew brew brew brew brew brew well like you know uh like I mean ducky. Trey badass South African African African African African African African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy I mean um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last last last last last last last few like I mean okay you know well like precious minutes of Slumber before your your your your your your your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares well I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well again and again when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 uh uh so you know uh you know minute increments of sleep you you you you you you you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready um you know know know know know know know I mean I mean um well yourself you scroll through ooh your data stream oh oh oh oh oh oh oh you think I have a like so okay I mean you know um dentist appointment appointment appointment appointment appointment appointment appointment this week as you dress you ask your smart uh I mean I mean um um um um um um um I mean so speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed voice responds with with with with with with with the exact percentage chance you know uh um I mean so you know it will will will will will will will rain and the precise temperature you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees so you know so so so so so so so like so so feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday and and and and and and and dress accordingly you check I mean you know you know I mean uh you you you you you you you know your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name my name my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name is dr. Brian Havas. And And And And And And And today like uh you know uh uh well we have a very very special special special special special special special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and okay so like like uh um I sat sat sat sat sat sat sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like um waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now if you guys are not like okay uh you know like I mean aware aware aware aware aware aware aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend behind behind behind behind behind behind behind stem Genex uh like um so I mean uh he is the founder and and and and and and and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And well so uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the the the the the the the research that dr um you know uh well you know uh. Vallejo and vallejo vallejo vallejo vallejo vallejo vallejo vallejo and vallejo and vallejo and vallejo and vallejo and vallejo and his team have have have have have have have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the the the the the the the doubt uh um you know like um so Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the the the the the the the owner and operator of dialed you know um you know uh you know um Health, which which which which which which which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about uh well well well well well well well so I mean well well why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was was was was was was was sent in by an um you know well so so I I I I I I I mean underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed so so so so so so so uh well um uh you know that most of my Programs and pretty much all all all all all all all the workouts. I put out you know okay I mean like um like our mixed in in in in in in in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why that you know know know know know know know um um you know I mean I mean is. Is it is it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is it something that really is better for cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists. Is it just my style? What okay like so I mean well I I I I I I I mean is that? So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so we're so we're going to break down the science and we're also going like like like like like like like um you know well okay uh to break down some reality because you know, all all all all all all all the science in the uh um well you know you know you know world. Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't get around real real real real real real real life factors. I think so, we'll talk like um like I mean uh like about about about about about about about both and then really why I choose to do them and why I do okay so so so so so so so you know I mean like so believe that it is optimal for cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key key key key key key key well um like you know so well. And as you can see, my energy is is is is is is is on such a different level than it was okay I mean well you you you you you you you know you know uh for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had had had had had had had got so many um um you know you know uh like great compliments compliments compliments compliments compliments compliments compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app app app app app okay um well okay so um today and get access to thousands of free free free free free free free book and audio book summaries on personal you know uh uh you know you know like development development development development development development development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh like so work and get the key insights of books in minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes instead of hours uh well like um you know so. Go to go go go go go go go to go to go to go to go to go to Quick read.com app app app app app app app and download our app for free today. Summary of uh so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like the Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Alicia Alicia Alicia Alicia Alicia Alicia Laurie and quick uh um so like okay well read narrated by Alex Smith introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine deborah fine deborah fine deborah fine deborah deborah deborah deborah deborah deborah deborah fine deborah fine deborah fine was overweight shy you know um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean and often sat in visible in the back of the class class class class class class class. It was when so um uh so um um her third grade classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know you know experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well well so your own podcast, but you're not really sure how how how how how how how to get started. We'll anchor like um I mean um well so is the way to do do do do do do do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast so you know like like like like like like like I mean um you know. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was was was was was was was made on anchor we just download well like you know you know I mean so so so so so so so our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just just just just just just just hit go uh I mean I mean um like okay and anchor publishes publishes publishes publishes publishes publishes publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher uh so well well well well well well well like you know you know all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy easy easy easy easy easy easy and best of All it's well um you know like um uh free. So go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app um uh okay like well well well well well well well I mean on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we appreciate each uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well I mean okay I mean and every one of you guys listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to the show. We couldn't do this without uh well like okay um so you you you you you you you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh I mean um review join the Facebook group follow us us us us us us us on social media. I'll have I'll have I'll have I'll have I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll have I'll have I'll have all the like well you know um um well pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let well uh um I mean you know uh me explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and like I mean well so so well edit your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for um well well well well well well well uh um well well you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and and many more you can well um you know I mean I mean well make money from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make okay well okay so well um a podcast in one place download the free anchor app app app app app app app or go to Anchor okay uh okay so I mean I mean FM to get get get get get get get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag like like like like like like like like uh um well so podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for for for for for for for the bag. We I we I we I we I we I we I we I I I I I I I mean you know so I mean well well have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery Avery Avery Avery Avery Avery Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you have you you you you you you you have you have you have you have you have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do you know know know know know know know well I mean I mean okay so some workouts at home, if you you you you you you you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean okay to find the time or if you travel a lot then then then then then then then you need this um okay um well okay so plan. Now, I've now, I've I've I've I've I've I've I've now, I've now, I've now, I've now, I've now, I've just released on been Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again I mean um uh you know so so so so so so so you know. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a a a a a a a four-week plan which consists so uh like okay so like of three workouts every single week week week week week week week all different workouts. You also get access to um uh okay uh you know I I I I I I I mean the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every I I I I I I I mean so okay so um well single exercise on the plant. No equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment needed. You might you might you might you might you might you might might might might might might might you might need a sofa you might like um um so okay well get get get get get get get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that well well well well well well well so well okay well okay you can find around the house. And so if if if if if if if you answered yes to any of so you know well um so okay them them them them them them them questions at the start go and get the planet is also 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% 50% off at um like you know you know like okay the moment. Once Once Once Once Once Once Once again once again once again once again once again once again once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here here here here here here here we like so so you know um well go. So today came across something pretty special special special special special special special. Let's just make this one on so like like uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, hey, I'll like I mean well well uh uh take a break. I'll watch a a a a a a a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here oh, here oh, here oh, here here here here here here here oh, here oh, here oh, here we go. My okay okay uh um like I I I I I I I mean favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, you you you you you you you know The Rock okay I mean okay uh okay um was always been my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite wrestler since a young child mean my grandpa used okay you know uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, so the the the the the the the Can always okay okay I mean um so um been like a legendary character character character character character character character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
Gentlemen, this gentlemen, this gentlemen, this gentlemen, this gentlemen, this gentlemen, this gentlemen, this is is is is is is is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to share so I mean um um um um um um um I mean I mean okay something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of of of of of of of think it's kind of funny well I mean um I mean like you know actually actually actually actually actually actually actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever you want I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like you know um to call it one of my last pump pump pump pump pump pump pump and dumps that I dealt with before I like I mean uh you know well well well well well well well I mean went Monk. And a father to a woman about my age that that that that that that that I met on I mean you know uh I mean like um one of those those those those those those those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass fucking dating sites online I mean okay like like like like like like like so um you know dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the first first first first first first first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're um you know so I mean you know okay up to episode 17 which has has has has has has has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting through like you know so so so so so so so so uh I mean these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of different people uh so okay like you know you know. And today I have another very very very very very very very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle okay okay uh um well well well well well well well um of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for having having having having having having having so like okay like well so me. No worries at all. It's it's a a a a a a a pleasure. Come and talk you know I mean I mean you know um well to us us us us us us us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no no no no no no no I mean uh well uh uh like. Oh no find yourself Asians and find find find find find find find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace like um okay okay uh uh Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's well well well well well well well you know um okay like um about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that that that that that that that. We're nearing the beginning like like well I mean uh I mean of Doc season season season season season season season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will um you know um um um um um um um um I mean well be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I I I I I I I I mean okay so I mean um I mean really following that way gonna start start start start start start start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a okay so like okay you know I I I I I I I mean script shit, you know where else far far away where it takes takes takes takes takes takes takes us months to well okay okay so well I mean create new merch but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's finally arrived finally. It's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's here it's it's it's it's it's it's it's here Teespring.com and it's popping / so like uh you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys so um um um um um um um okay um you know I mean are super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L L L L L L L. We finally got our shit together so you know uh uh I mean you know. We We We We We We We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay you know so okay you. So fucking much. We love you. We We We We We We We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so there's so there's so there's so there's so so so so so so so there's so there's so many okay well well uh okay you know know know know know know know different types of designs. There is there is there is there is there is there is is is is is is is there is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love it well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean okay um there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can Can Can Can Can Can Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess vigeland like like like like like like like you know um well um you know the host of the think with Google podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. And in and in and in and in and in and in and in this show, show, show, show, show, show, show, we're going so okay uh uh um uh to explore the future of marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay um so um like um like ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops um um um um um um um well like uh you know well on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or or or or or or or wherever you listen to podcasts well uh uh like okay well. From Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm you you you you you you you know so uh um um okay going to tell you a story that I think think think think think think think you sort of remember but I mean okay okay uh okay I mean maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went to a um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean you know therapist because I was having hard time with with with with with with with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining you know uh uh you know know know know know know know well you know to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
Welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone to the the the the the the the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff uh I mean well well well well well well well well um okay Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for for for for for for for a talk to people well okay you know uh you know so much more interesting than than than than than than than myself. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined today today today today today today today by a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance um so like well okay so. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm on the first first first first first first first uh like you know well um um amount of often the focus. Thank you you you you you you you very much for having me alone. We so um well you know you know so so so so so so so were just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine because you you you you you you you you know okay you know okay you know um run around the world throwing my my my my my my my Mike's in front of people and go um okay uh so well well on. Give Give Give Give Give Give Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be somebody um um um um um um um okay well like okay so that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll give it give it my best real like you know okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning you you you you you you you were on the uh well I mean you know you know okay road. It It It It It It It was on a phone in or do you have to go to Studio uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay so so ever say it was a phone in from the house house house house house house house. So I was um uh like okay you know um reading up everybody who's who's who's who's who's who's who's with her International Women's Day events, and I was on really uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh okay well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door like okay well well well well well well well like um um and I'm here to tell you about our family what you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys the so okay um well you know so reason why you are listening to the the the the the the the guys next door. Anchor. This is a like well like so uh so an amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing platform for anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod well okay um um um um um um um so well like casting room get your voice heard out there. So if if if if if if if you haven't heard about you know I mean well like uh um anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain okay so so so so so so so you know so you know um it's free. There's Creation there's Creation there's Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation there's Creation there's Creation there's Creation there's Creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast like I mean uh um okay you know know know know know know know from your phone or your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh uh uh you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher wherever honestly and so I mean okay you know um so you can can can can can can can make money like I'm not even pushing you could really make money you know well um I I I I I I I mean like um from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you need need need need need need need to make a podcast okay you know like okay well so literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
Is the is the is the is the is the is the is the the the the the the the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come well so I mean um like like like like like like like like from today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO of the um you know okay okay like you know gradient a creative recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting platform before that. She worked she worked she worked she worked she worked she worked worked worked worked worked worked worked she worked in advertising agencies and on the brand side okay uh uh well well well well well well well um so at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a a a a a a a masters at Harvard well um okay like uh well Bennett leads marketing for the the the the the the the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter and then like well uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces a few few few few few few few months okay I mean okay um well um ago and we'll be launching launching launching launching launching launching launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here are like well you know okay um I I I I I I I mean a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start start start start start start start the um like so well so well gradient. And what we want to do is is is is is is is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just just just just just just just jokes listeners like like um like okay I mean before we get into this this this this this this this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank okay you know like uh okay um um um um um um um our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make um um um um um um um um well uh so like a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money money money money money money money. That's why we use uh you know um you know okay like it. There's a creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your I mean well okay you know know know know know know know um uh podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color color color color color color color distributes your so I mean um um okay well pockets for you can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you uh I mean like so you you you you you you you know uh can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything well well well well well well well like uh I mean um you know you need to make a podcast right in in in in in in in one place download the free a you know so well so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started started started started started started started. I I mean you know like I mean you know well don't know. Yeah, that that that that that that that works. That was good cool. I started I started I don't give well so so so so so so so okay well you know um a fuck. I started I started I started I I I I I I I started I started I started I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a a a a a a a uh well okay okay you know okay victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not not not not not not not victory the shroud of the dark side I mean well well um uh so so so so so so so Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the okay okay like like like like like like like you know so like last missions. This is a doing talking and Friends of of of of of of of the force. A podcast you know I mean well like well well series chronicling the the the the the the the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I mean so I I I I I I I mean um I mean uh I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very very very very very very you know like okay I mean like I mean very excited. It's 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean well um well okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh paddlers in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well like I mean okay Molokai to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the the the the the the the best foilers in the world um well uh well I mean like. He does a a a a a a a bit of everything. But the but the but the but the but the but the the the the the the the but the reason we wanted to chat with him today you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um is not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done done done done done done done some I mean I mean um so okay I mean amazing things off the water water water water water water water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome you know you you you you you you you know well so you know I mean to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having having having having having having having me. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm going to to to to to to to get here well I mean um okay um so. So you'd so you'd so you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the the the the the the the bit of wind coming um okay well you know so okay on the weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm really excited. It was I mean so uh uh well well well well well well well you know looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung swung swung swung swung swung swung around and they you know uh well you know uh um grinding going to be be be be be be be fun. I think I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name name name name name name name is you know well I mean uh so well AC. All right right right right right right right everyone. We're here. We have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have we have a crew here today. We have we have we have we we we we we we we have we have we have we have you know uh um you know you know know know know know know know uh Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an an an an an an an interesting podcast because this okay like um like like like is going to be take take take take take take take two because we so I was sick two weeks ago so well like uh like like like like like like like like. I was I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do one then and last week like um um um um um um um you know so um you know we did a podcast and you always have to to to to to to to have that one podcast where you um well uh uh so you know don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing doing doing doing doing doing doing it in you know like okay I mean like okay a Dugout canoe canoe canoe canoe canoe canoe canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men the men the men the men the the the the the the the men the men the men of Lewis and well um I mean you know you you you you you you you know okay Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks banks banks banks banks banks banks of the Missouri River. It well uh well I mean I mean okay was a a a a a a a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the sleeping men were so okay well I I I I I I I mean okay well like exhausted. They had they had they had they had they had they they they they they they they had they had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under the cover of of of of of of of Darkness like well uh well you know uh a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by by by by by by by bison meat that had been hung you know I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like up to dry. If it if it if it if it if if if if if if if it if it if it decided it wanted to snack on some humans. There would would would would would would would I mean um well like well you know be no stopping it unaware of the the the the the the the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
Guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know you know well well well well well well well like so okay okay that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If If If If If If If you haven't heard um you know uh okay so okay about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's like you know well okay so so so so so so so okay free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from so uh well I mean so I mean your phone or or or or or or or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we okay you you you you you you you know I mean I mean um like speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so it so it can be uh okay you know uh well well heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with you know know know know know know know I mean you know well like well no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't talk. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything you need to make podcast okay uh um so so okay in in in in in in in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F m-- so um so I mean I mean well to get started now now now now now now now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 so um well well well well well well well so um well coming at you. We're hitting you with a combine recap talking about how how how how how how how our boys well um so like I mean well the Hawks of this year did did did did did did did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like so like well okay like where we talk to you about how you you you you you you you can start and grow your hardscaping business I mean I mean uh like you you you you you you you know you know in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing week. That means that means that means that means that means that means that that that that that that that means so well okay like so um every day this week. You are likely going going going going going going going to get an episode based on the topic uh okay uh uh okay you know know know know know know know of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually actually actually actually actually actually actually this week is starting you know you know like like um um with today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. He works he he he he he he he works he works he works he works he works he works for I I I I I I I mean so well well so uh Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us us us us us us us about acquiring the right so okay you know okay um so type of Clients for for for for for for for your business not just any clients, but the best clients so okay like well like like like like like like like okay into your business. How do how do how do how do how do do do do do do do how do how do I identify them and how to get them into so so like like like like like like like I mean so so your business as leads and where to take it from there? there there there there there there So an awesome interview like well uh so I mean I mean coming coming coming coming coming coming coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is our interview interview interview interview interview interview interview you know you know like I mean you know um with Mark Morrison today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business development manager okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to to to to to to to make a podcast. Let okay um like well okay well me explain it's free free free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um I mean well well well well well well well like like you know right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you know um um I mean well so it can be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms. You can make like um um um um um um um uh so like well money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership is everything you need uh okay um okay I mean you know to make make make make make make make a podcast in one place. Base download base download base download base download base download download download download download download download base download base download the free anchor app or go uh okay um so so so so so so so well you know to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to the node node node node node node node or a um uh I mean like uh okay podcast is your host young row row row row row row row row the mayor holler at a player but so you know I mean well so okay I I I I I I I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is this? I don't have really well well well well well well well well so so like uh have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So you so you so you so you so you so you so you know like like like like like like like well like I mean like a big question that I get either via email or or or or or or or over on our YouTube okay okay well well um like channel is from people people people people people people people that are just getting started with their online store and um I mean uh you know know know know know know know okay like they want to know what they actually have to get done prior prior prior prior prior prior prior to launch um you know I mean okay uh well. So kind of of of of of of of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh I mean okay I mean a niche how to get suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You I mean I mean I mean like like like like like like like uh okay can learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll post a link so um um um you know uh to that in the the the the the the the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know well so so so so so so so so you know okay you know all that stuff and you kind of understand how to to to to to to to build the business then the um so I mean I mean uh well question is, is, is, is, is, is, is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you make well you know know know know know know know like so uh um that website on Shopify before you contact your first first first first first first first supplier before you get your first you know so um you know uh well sale? sale sale sale sale sale sale So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um you know um a couple different options you have and then let let let let let let let you know what I do uh you know well so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and what I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad human human human human human human human um like well so I mean uh being. I hope you enjoyed whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever it was you were doing. I did two very much I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um I mean you know so good. Yes good. I was a safari I I I I I I I wasn't so hi everyone so well okay well well okay. We are back back back back back back back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi I mean like well um um um um um um um I mean um Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good good good good good good good had a sizable break uh so I mean I mean like like like like like like like uh. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you so so so so so so so like like you know well okay had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our our our our our our our lesson like I mean well um uh okay on English to tell you a a a a a a a little bit about something called anchor anchor like like you know you know know know know know know know okay you know is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for for for for for for for you. So I mean uh uh like um you know if you are listening to me me me me me me me right now, it's because of anchor now. What like um well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to so so so so so so so so so so so like create and record and edit. Build your podcast right right right right right right right on your phone or your computer anchor you know um like so so you know distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes your podcast for you. So I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I so I so I don't have to track down apple and Spotify um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay like and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of well okay I mean well I mean I mean click the button and and and and and and and it goes all by itself. You can make money from like well you know know know know know know know okay I mean so these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now now now now now now now is an ad that like so you know you know well I mean I've I've I've I've I've I've I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of money money money money money money money um so so like like okay off of this podcast. That's why it's free, free, free, free, free, free, free, right? I can I can I can I can I can I can I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
The last the last the last the last the last the last the last Factor Factor Factor Factor Factor Factor Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of well well so um well uh the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We are uh you know uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova Villanova Villanova Villanova Villanova Villanova Villanova at um I mean I mean okay okay I mean Penn Georgetown at at at at at at at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean I mean Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Princeton Princeton Princeton Princeton Princeton Princeton Albany at Maryland um okay uh I mean I mean like. Yell at yell at at at at at at at yell at yell at yell at yell at yell at Michigan Penn State at at at at at at at Cornell. It is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it is it is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into okay um um like like like like like like like you know so this show here before I get into it as always be sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to like I mean okay uh well okay um subscribe hit the notification Bell Bell Bell Bell Bell Bell Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can um okay okay you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on on on on on on on that okay so um um well um every single day and then a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place uh okay well well you know like by far far far far far far far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
Yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the deus ex machina and and and and and and and there's a smoky no more like okay you know I mean okay uh okay hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha. They literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey like like like like like like like well um okay I mean well everybody. Welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try Try Try Try Try Try Try to Beth better spaced um well well I mean uh I mean apart my words because Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, like anyway, like anyway, like like like like like like like anyway, like anyway, like anyway, like anyway, like like um like so so welcome back back back back back back back to the enemies seven podcast. My name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name my name my name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your host for a conspirator a um you know well like like like like like like like like so this is my little kind of I guess you could say say say say say say say pod the caste. So um you know uh well so I mean I would would would would would would would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We I mean um um um um um um um okay uh okay like just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who who who who who who who knows so What is um you know you know um um uh this podcast about about about about about about about well, let me tell you as you can. See the see the see the see see see see see see see the see the see the see the name is conspiracy um well well okay like like like like like like like well a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going you know I mean okay okay well I mean to talk about a a a a a a a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from Brandi okay like like so so so so so so so uh so Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an an an an an an an open relationship like so uh uh uh like with that. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know how it will will will will will will will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the uh like um like okay um quickie quickie quickie quickie quickie quickie quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about you know you you you you you you you know um like um okay anchor before downloading it this time, it is the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast and I mean um like well you know um um um um um um um I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's free free free free free free free. It's free like so so well well uh to download is free to be be be be be be be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so okay okay okay you know you know why why why why why why why not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools that that that that that that that allow uh uh like like well okay you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right from your phone or your computer um like okay so uh like. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and um you know you you you you you you you know okay well you know Shay. I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I have I have I have just some random stuff. I want I want I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want us to talk about before before before before before before before we uh uh well uh uh like talk about like life. So last episode we we we we we we we both talked about how we were I mean okay okay you know well well well well well well well you know reading the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers. We like so I mean well well like don't have to say anything in in in in in in in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it you know so so um so so so so so so so okay Shea tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after after after after after after after reading um uh I mean uh you know so Jessica's back home - if if if if if if if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock like uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't follow him just like like like like like like like well well um like well to see if people were commenting. That's like like like like like like like the rabbit hole. I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I I I I I I I okay okay like like well so went down when I read this but that bad bad bad bad bad bad bad it's not that bad. I went to I mean okay well um I mean you you you you you you you know his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here here here here here here here with uh okay uh I mean so uh Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super super super super super super super excited to have her she's hilarious. I think you you know uh so so so so so so so so I mean so guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and I I I I I I I can't so I mean okay okay um like wait for you guys to to to to to to to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from I mean like I I I I I I I mean you know I mean like Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for for for for for for for having me like like okay uh um I mean feels like comfortable in somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm I I'm I I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I mean I mean like okay you you you you you you you know so sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my that's my that's that's that's that's that's that's that's my that's my that's my that's my that's my last name. Thank you so so so so so so so much for you know um I mean okay like uh coming. I like being here for for for for for for for many reasons, but first of all because I feel like you know okay well like like like like like like like like um you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an an an an an an an east coast and you know you know well so I mean you know I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic and cursing out so well well well well well well well so so you know I mean everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for so for for for for for for for so for so for so for so for so for this episode I I I I I I I mean uh like you know well okay This is actually going to be the the the the the the the heroes for Life show that we do once uh like so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just just just just just just just about to go I mean well like well uh like live with him right now now now now now now now. And this is what you're going to be hearing so okay well you know know know know know know know so well. So if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back back back back back back back on it like uh um uh like you know. So here so so so so so so so here so here so here so here so here so here we go. There There There There There There There he is now in so we're going to be I mean you know um I I I I I I I mean like okay able to get started in just a few seconds invited them to I I I I I I I not okay well well uh okay um connecting and there is what's up. Back again another another another another another another another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes up an uh I mean so so so you know embargo episode today. This has has has has has has has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So yeah, uh you know well well well well well well well I mean uh um March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly. Anyway so like well so you know you know Look similar Tayo with PLC. So So So So So So So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at uh okay like you know like okay all all all all all all all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan so so so so so so so I mean okay you know I mean I mean corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough. Here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's here's here's here's here's here's here's so like like so well I mean where we are at this very moment. We We We We We We We know that in the United States uh well like okay um so the death toll has has has has has has has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases are so well well well well well well well uh I mean well I mean based in Washington state at a nursing home home home home home home home in Seattle. Most have occurred. The number okay um so well well like of infections infections infections infections infections infections infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're scattered they're scattered they're scattered scattered scattered scattered scattered scattered scattered they're scattered they're scattered they're scattered they're scattered across um well I mean I I I I I I I mean like you know 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I I I I I I I mentioned that states getting hit you know um you know um um um um um um um uh you know very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing home home home home home home home outbreak apparently seated well you know I mean well I mean uh the first case case case case case case case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who had visited the Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington like well um well okay well State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah um I I I I I I I mean so like I mean you know. Yeah. Yeah the platform they will reason reason reason reason reason reason reason it up talk about things. You know, no rush like you know well well well well well well well so like uh. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things things things things things things things today we uh so I mean you know I mean you know go get into into into into into into into it. And basically we go talk about the system the system that's running so I I I I I I I mean like so so well the whole game around us right now. That's why you you you you you you you have a Mac bitter truth well like I mean um um you know to break break break break break break break it down and I'm going to get into it because a lot uh so like like like like like like like well um um of people said, oh my God, you break down this boy. You You You You You You You don't break you know like I mean so well um. Don't die dog. You You You You You You You don't get into certain things, but I get into what I know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean okay you know about. You know what I mean? mean mean mean mean mean mean We gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff that like like um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk talk talk talk talk talk talk club with Hunter uh uh well I mean you know okay all conus. And today today today today today today today and today and today and today and today and today and today we're joined with with with with with with with McKay Bryson who is actually talk about uh I mean well so uh okay but let's just just just just just just just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he came up well well well well well well well uh like I mean well um with that. He came up with a word word word word word word word awkward in our acronyms. So very so very so very so very so very so very very very very very very very so very uh I mean um okay I mean uh proud of that. Okay. Tell us a a a a a a a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, and I'm you know so so so so so so so so okay um uh a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information Information Information Information Information Information Information Systems, which is very um okay you know well um um technical out. There. Are you you you you you you you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where did you well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like um serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke spoke spoke spoke spoke spoke spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport with an air um like uh you know you know like of confidence. He nodded nodded nodded nodded nodded nodded nodded he nodded he nodded he nodded he nodded he nodded he nodded warmly warmly warmly warmly warmly warmly warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as he passed and like like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge. He He He He He He He was a uh you know um uh um I mean well-known figure in the terminal terminal terminal terminal terminal terminal terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel. He encountered Williams well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well okay approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to Miami Miami Miami Miami Miami Miami Miami. This okay this okay this okay this okay this okay this okay this okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um um you know wasn't unusual. It was it was it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was a common courtesy for Airlines to to to to to to to offer free tickets to all Pilots well you know okay you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look at at at at at at at his PanAm uh so well like um you know ID card and his certified pilot's license license license license license license license. He was quickly assured aboard the next available uh okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and and and and and and and welcome uh you know so uh you know okay to the passing shot Novak Novak Novak Novak Novak Novak Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to the okay well um like like like like like like like um um top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on on on on on on on her career. Everyone okay uh uh you know so well and welcome to the the the the the the the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans um well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going like well um um um um um um um uh okay um to be digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP ATP ATP ATP ATP ATP ATP and WTA tours and having okay uh um okay um okay a look. Was Was Was Was Was Was Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Aldo Calvino well like okay um I mean okay. The Oliver's I'm the owner and and and and and and and head instructor of CJ of Texas in Round Rock well uh I mean well so so so so so so so I mean my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and and and and and and and eventually um well so you know I mean I mean down to me in in in in in in in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named so like okay um um um um um um um okay well to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics topics topics topics topics topics topics uh okay I mean well uh so rarely taught by professors professors only show show show show show show show technique in the academy. They're great they're great they're great they're great they're great they're great great great great great great great they're great techniques, but um okay well I mean um you know rarely do do do do do do do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean okay okay name a few join me each week as I dive dive dive dive dive dive dive into these topics and much so I mean I mean okay um like more more more more more more more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
Hi, it's hi, it's hi, it's hi, it's hi, it's hi, it's hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs like like like like like like like um uh well I mean I mean Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will will will will will will will share a thought provoking conversations with okay like I mean you know I I I I I I I mean well business and Beauty professionals. Our goal our goal our goal our goal our our our our our our our goal our goal our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take so so so so so so so well well like well I mean your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to to to to to to to the podcast. I am like okay well so I mean um super excited to share today's today's today's today's today's today's today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie you know you know um well well well well well well well so okay Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada like like like like like like like okay okay I mean so um and she works on a variety of clients clients clients clients clients clients clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials um okay um so so so so so so so so you know and etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of of of of of of of those things you know like you know um so uh. She's a full-time makeup artist and I I I I I I I really enjoyed talking with her about what okay okay you know okay I mean uh it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss I miss miss miss miss miss miss miss I miss I miss I miss I miss I miss you guys. Hope I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh well uh so you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so so so so so so so far now before this episode like okay um well like so starts. I just just just just just just just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like I mean so podcast is called catch open me at the time time time time time time time that I started this podcast. I uh uh well um okay you know thought you you you you you you you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know um so so so so so so so okay you know uh well catch up with me sounds like a good title. But But But But But But But then but then but then but then but then but then but then as as as as as as as I recorded you know like I mean you know well um the past few few few few few few few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the theme of uh I I I I I I I mean you know so uh so this podcast should be. So if you know notice a a a a a a a lot of the things that so um I mean like like um we covered from from from from from from from the past few episode is about mental health growing up and things so okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well we deal with as a teenager or as a young adult. So So So So So So So with that said well well well like so um the new title of the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast will be basically growing up. I finally figure out so I mean well you know like like like like like like like like what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically growing up is is is is is is is going to you know uh I mean I mean like uh be having guess hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what they think well well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode its episode its episode its its its its its its its episode its episode its episode its episode 4 so okay you know like um um um um um um um so of the upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and and and and and and and I'm I mean uh okay well um well your boy Brett and the boys boys boys boys boys boys boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've like well like like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh got a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to to to to to to to get so well you know okay like okay into our AL East and at least least least least least least least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So okay like okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little well um like you you you you you you you know uh you know Daniel. Let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at at at at at at at him. He's there on you know um okay you know I mean um um um um um um um the floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let let let let let let let so um okay well you know you know me do this because he doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am okay okay you know I I I I I I I mean um okay going to talk about why we decided to to to to to to to buy an old house some of the uh so you know you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean questions that I get about buying an old house and some of the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um um like safety concerns and what to look for if you are are are are are are are thinking about purchasing an old house well I mean uh well I mean well well well well well well well and then make sure to stay all the way to the end end end end end end end because I um you know um um uh you know just started a new segment segment segment segment segment segment segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing I mean um uh like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay it where I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa mom I mean okay okay like um um of six and creator of the blog and and and and and and and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone I mean I mean um um so like like like like like like like join me as I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic so so so so so so so uh I mean I mean well um of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with with with with with with with my purpose in life. This okay this okay this okay this okay this okay okay okay okay okay okay okay this okay this okay um I mean I mean okay okay is something that that that that that that that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality you know um like like like like like like like so okay well is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're not always going to feel okay uh well like I mean like like things are are are are are are are going to work out in your favor. You're not always uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday someday someday someday someday someday someday is going to um so I mean so you know um be really great and and and and and and and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And well and well and and and and and and and well and well and well and well and well okay uh well I I I I I I I mean you know other days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't working out and you're like uh um okay uh so just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, dreamer, dreamer, dreamer, dreamer, dreamer, dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well so you know like your life telling you what a stupid idea idea idea idea idea idea idea that you've embarked on or that business okay so like uh okay uh you want want want want want want want to build or that career you want to have is just unrealistic for you. So So So So So So So like so like so like so like so like so like so like okay so so so so so so so okay like like I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This This This This This This This I this I this I this I this I this I this I mean well well well well well well well I mean um uh okay is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 4 and like we you know like well I mean uh um have have have have have have have described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on on on on on on on uh so like I mean you know I mean the show. And this and and and and and and and this and this and this and this and this and this is the first first first first first first first show that we are doing in the like well uh you know so so so so so so so you know greatest month that we have on the calendar and as I've I've I've I've I've I've I've always stated it is okay so so you know like you know the goal of of of of of of of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that like you know know know know know know know uh I mean uh you know he or she can get on a a a a a a a regular basis and you think about the idea of uh uh um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we we we we we we we have had in like like well well I mean okay our great country. History President President President President President President President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the great words of okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so I mean dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that that that that that that that brought me on the ride I mean like okay so um I mean over to to to to to to to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to to to to to to to a well like uh I mean so I mean motto and mother to four four four four four four four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also known so uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um as her a team and I wonder with all those a a a a a a a names do you know um like okay well um you get them all mixed up? up up up up up up She has she has she has she has she has she has she has has has has has has has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal I mean so you know I mean well well well well well well well um justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the the the the the the the beach coffee like uh I mean so okay okay with Friends shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband served like um well um um um um um um um uh well as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California California California California California California California. However, so okay I mean so so um she feels her greatest: is being a mother mother mother mother mother mother mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I am I am I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean I mean like here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? Alonzo Alonzo Alonzo Alonzo Alonzo Alonzo How is everything? How you know um well I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean are you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling well I I I I I I I mean um uh I mean so in your room or you really sad sad sad sad sad sad sad about it or what's going on? Your I mean um um uh so so first love love love love love love love is always like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium and um um um um um um um well um like okay okay together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's Life's Life's Life's Life's Life's Life's full of tough choices in it so I mean uh um well well. Oh and there's one one one one one one one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, but I don't you know know know know know know know I mean okay I mean well uh have I'm not asking much just a token token token token token token token really a trifle what I want uh you know well I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I have your looks your your your your your your your okay so well okay uh well pretty face and don't underestimate the importance importance importance importance importance importance importance of body language? Ah, there ah, there ah, there ah, there ah, there ah, there ah, there we go. Look at that.
Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are okay well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are are are are are are are here with so so um I mean uh I mean us today, and we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and uh so like like I mean um um um um um um um we're coming from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and um so so so so so so so like um okay I mean feeling so excited to share with you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to uh well okay um okay well true too too too too too too too true. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking so uh well you you you you you you you know you know um are true too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going going going going going going going to talk about you know like uh like well I mean our story for for for for for for for a minute. Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so so so so so so so yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How okay how okay how how how how how how how okay how okay how okay how okay how okay well you know I mean so so so so so so so um do we express this? How do we what do we think of what we title title title title title title title this? well like well like well like well like well like well like like like like like like like well like um um um so And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I I I I I I I would like to so well um okay I mean you know encourage all of you to to to to to to to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd so you know well like like like like like like like okay like FM to get started on this. It has it has it has it it it it it it it has it has it has it has made it. So easy guys, I did did did did did did did not uh uh well I mean I mean uh know, you know publishing podcast was so so so so so so so easy. If I had only known it um I mean so like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the the the the the the the I mean uh so well so like anchor. I have record my voice in in in in in in in it and just click post and anchor will um um well you know uh so so so so so so so do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean I mean okay well so okay sides. You know apps that are available and and and and and and and I do not need to do anything um well um like uh I mean else else else else else else else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make like um well um um um um um um um well I mean use of it. If you have a message if you have some some some some some some some come content, which you feel like uh so you know I mean okay that needs to to to to to to to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean um like sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to to to to to to to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log like you know uh I mean well well well well well well well so. I have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you well well well well well well well um you know um you know so enjoy this one. If you if you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you do make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to screenshot it and share it like you know okay um I mean well well well well well well well on social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's you know know know know know know know like okay you know so okay Facebook, it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if also if if if if if if if also if also if also if also if also if you're listening to us on on on on on on on iTunes, I would uh I mean uh well uh so love you to leave leave leave leave leave leave leave a review and I can't wait to see what I mean you know so so so so so so so um okay I mean you think of it. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers. This one um uh okay um like uh is with the lovely Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect those um you know like I mean okay okay of the company and its its its its its its its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests well like like like like like like like like so um uh and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's DJ's DJ's DJ's DJ's DJ's DJ's the regular program the um so okay well I mean um management and the network network network network network network network. Balala power. I'm programming I'm programming I'm programming I'm programming I'm programming I'm programming I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm programming is like a landline and um uh okay okay well I mean strict on but but but but but but but no by at go by in a module on barring I mean you know know know know know know know okay you know you know um my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror horror horror horror horror horror horror or Drogo. I know I know I know I know I know I know I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners you know you know you know okay okay you know running long strong and motivated. I'm your your your your your your your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been running for a you know uh uh um um well few years years years years years years years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my travels all uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know uh um across the country. This podcast is intended intended intended intended intended intended intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am so I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for joining today today today today today today today. It's a pleasure like well you know okay okay well to talk with you Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan likewise. So let's start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay you know Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an an an an an an an educator. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like so I mean well know, you can't explain. But you feel feel feel feel feel feel feel it. You felt it your entire life. That there's I mean okay well I I I I I I I mean uh okay something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we we we we we we we have so uh I mean well I mean you know our manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, I mean okay well I I I I I I I mean so you know my best friend good friends of ours and both of them them them them them them them - um I mean well well like well yeah, so we want to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to them because they are the key ingredients to um so well I mean you you you you you you you know you know this major event coming up in April April April. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry wait. The 20th April um well so well so like 26th 2020 the bear Barrel 5K 5K 5K 5K 5K 5K 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title so okay so like like like. Basically Basically Basically Basically Basically Basically Basically like a whole weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday you you you you you you you know like well like like like the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe 20 like like like like like like like um I mean well um I mean along with D4. And today we brought in in in in in in in a special guest from way back in you know like well uh okay like the the the the the the the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is. All All All All All All All right all right all right all right all right all right all right right right right right right right so I mean uh okay like like. So our special guest for for for for for for for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up I mean I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, long time you know okay I mean you know okay well no see yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot well okay so I I I I I I I mean you know you know minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I I I I I I I get to check up on um um like uh uh uh you every once in in in in in in in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and you know I mean so so so so so so so I mean well you know stuff like that. So not as much I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess for you and I but well like so like so well as far as as as as as as as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always amazed well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um so you know with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with with with with with with with your hosting skills um well uh um um okay. I mean, I wasn't really really really really really really really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already listened so you know like like like like like like like um like okay to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We We We We We We We have we have we have we have we have we have we have a lot you know know know know know know know uh um well you know okay of stuff to go over today. Not really because because because because because because because we just watch the same um um I mean you know like like teams play play play play play play play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks like like like like like like like you know I mean um uh I mean both of you on the ends. The fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck do I was listening back you know well um okay okay uh to the the the the the the the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right uh I I I I I I I mean I mean um okay well on this pan. So now so now so now so so so so so so so now so now so now so now you're actually targeting me during the the the the the the the podcast when I um well so like you know I mean saw you live say I I I I I I I did not that bad. But what but what but what but what but what but but but but but but but what but what I'm doing is I'm trying I mean so I mean so so so so so so so uh okay to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about about about about about about about it. Yeah hiring so well you know I mean well okay happy with my selections selections selections selections selections selections selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of um well you know uh well well well well well well well okay to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together so um um um um um um um like like uh well on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really really really really really really really are the creator of you know you know um okay I mean well your your your your your your your own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that that that that that that that you okay like uh um uh I mean are you are in the process process process process process process process of creating most of you two realities contrast I mean uh um well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater greater greater greater greater greater greater Source you know like um well uh uh. In other words. You are are are are are are are creating the reality of who you are as the okay so you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the process of of of of of of of uh well well okay um uh creating the reality of how you feel right now now now now now now now this red hot minute and okay I mean so you know like well we we we we we we we want those realities to merge and the only way that those realities can I I I I I I I mean um so so you know um merge is for you to come with us us us us us us us in other words because we're not so so um um like so going with with with with with with with you. We are not going to complain with you about the injustices well well well well well well well you know uh uh like well of your world because we see them not we we we we we we we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised so okay so so so so so so so like okay you know this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that that that that that that that some people may find offensive you know like well well so well. We advise advise advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia um well well well well well well well okay I mean uh you know ta was searching through her closet looking for something something something something something something something to wear to a graduation uh um so okay well uh party when she she she she she she she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was you know uh like like like like like like like I mean uh well From an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to to to to to to to Ellie didn't so I mean okay um um I mean know the other girl very very very very very very very well. They had just started volunteering together at um uh um well um um um um um um um um a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't want so I mean you know okay like uh to be rude. So she she she she she she she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was you know um well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh about to head out to a party Ali thought that would be the you know know know know know know know like like um you know okay end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to to to to to to to well uh well like well well the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi hi hi hi hi hi hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here you know okay uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has has has has has has has I mean like okay I mean uh okay. Hi guys. So good to see you you you you you you you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like you know blind. I Do's I Do's I Do's I Do's I I I I I I I Do's I Do's I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions reunions reunions reunions reunions reunions reunions. Ya betta um you know I mean well uh well is that that that that that that that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to you know like like like like like like like okay well well uh have the family all back together. So good to to to to to to to see everyone and seeing Nick I mean so uh I mean um like and Vanessa Vanessa Vanessa Vanessa Vanessa Vanessa Vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them them them them them them them sure. We've mixed we've mixed we've mixed we've mixed we've mixed we've mixed we've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and like like like like like like like like I mean well okay so is intended to communicate such events to the the the the the the the public in a dramatic manner any like um um like okay I mean reference reference reference reference reference reference reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in you know know know know know know know well so okay I mean um nature and is not intended to offend or defame defame defame defame defame defame defame as such all reporting is based um I mean um well okay well on on on on on on on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an an an an an an an well so well so well I mean opinion statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer producer producer producer producer producer producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster um uh um so I mean so so so so so so so bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my my my my my my my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my name is is is is is is is like I mean you know okay so well Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show you you you you you you you know well I mean okay uh so. Its heroines week and every day we're we're we're we're we're we're we're telling you the story of a heroine start like so like I mean you know know know know know know know so brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in in in in in in in the I mean okay you know uh so um chewing side each to delete. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's heroines week where we talk about heroic like you know uh well uh like women women women women women women women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped helped helped helped helped helped helped you know okay I mean I mean so um save America. We don't know know know know know know know exactly what happened. But this is the story that people like like um um um um um um um like I mean okay have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s 1700s 1700s 1700s 1700s 1700s 1700s before America was I mean like um uh well well called the United States States States States States States States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with with with with with with well like so like okay I mean Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built like I mean so well okay I I I I I I I mean to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on on on on on on on the road. They're okay okay so like like um smart and then there's Street Smart Smart Smart Smart Smart Smart Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape uh uh I mean well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. A chill achill achill achill achill achill achill blew through the Streets of London 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 August day in 1802 though like um uh uh like okay the wind blustered blustered blustered blustered blustered blustered blustered in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean was happening indoors inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the the the the the the the city uh well I mean uh okay I mean 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was locked locked locked locked locked locked locked in a battle with a demon Joanna uh well I mean like so you know braced braced braced braced braced braced braced herself as she felt an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of of of of of of of you know so well um okay uh life through the lens of the good the the the the the the the true and the Beautiful. I'm okay okay I mean like so okay your host Dustin Dustin Dustin Dustin Dustin Dustin Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay I mean diverse and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse Glimpse Glimpse Glimpse Glimpse Glimpse Glimpse the world Anew through like I mean you know you know um um um um um um um I mean each other's unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you you you you you you you can have a yes so I mean so I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean they did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most most most most most most most so you know okay you know well uh of us believe 40 years ago ago ago ago ago ago ago. However certain however certain however certain however certain however certain however certain however certain we we we we we we we were about them. We don't we don't we don't we don't we don't we we we we we we we don't we don't we're well you know okay you know I mean okay not certain certain certain certain certain certain certain about exactly the same things today. The world the world the world the world the world the world the world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight um well well well well well well well well uh um you know to you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish crawfish crawfish crawfish crawfish crawfish crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? Oh well well um you know well uh watching watching watching watching watching watching watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know know know know know know know well um okay so so uh I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to listen to two girls okay like so like okay you know and one one one one one one one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding so you know so um um um um um um um so well. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it it it it it it it is. Why you know well I mean like well you know or how was was was was was was was your day? It was good. Just gonna just gonna just gonna just gonna just just just just just just just gonna just gonna just gonna catch up on some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode this episode this this this this this this this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode of Beyond reality has has has has has has has been uh you know you know um I mean so divided into two parts. This This This This This This This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim Cohen's like so uh you you you you you you you know uh like book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim not only claims like so I mean you know um well. The Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions so you know know know know know know know uh you know I mean so. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support support support support support support support. The night may be long um um I mean so so well and the dark maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe deep but the answers are there to be found so you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in in in in in in in the right place. Let's well I mean like like well like go beyond reality reality reality reality reality reality reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know you know Antichrist in a cup of tea. We're going to to to to to to to be talking about that next. But like well like um okay like before we do do do do do do do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our uh so well you you you you you you you know okay well YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when when when when when when when you find it uh I mean you know I mean you know um hit the the the the the the the Subscribe button. There's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no no no no no no no there's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day day day day day day day um um like well you know I mean. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you you you you you you you all so much for joining me on like so uh like you know so the call call call call call call call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray you you you you you you you know I mean um you know like okay this one on this morning. I'm just I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just going to pray for for for for for for for your week. I'm just okay I mean like uh um well going to to to to to to to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out of it I'm I I I I I I I mean so uh I mean like so staying at home today, which is unusual unusual unusual unusual unusual unusual unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay home so like like like so well from from from from from from from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted uh well like so well like to make sure that I got on the prayer call before before before before before before before I went um uh okay uh like you know back to bed. So today I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of of of of of of of so okay um like okay okay Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press press press press press press press releases and feature films Millions have well like you know okay uh uh tried tried tried tried tried tried tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes like like like like like like like well I mean you know like um on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We like I mean so I mean um well tell the the the the the the the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories theories theories theories theories theories theories you know you know um well uh uh free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds midnight clouds midnight clouds midnight clouds midnight clouds midnight midnight midnight midnight midnight midnight midnight clouds midnight clouds flash past a dim uh well like um you know you know know know know know know know cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola with I mean you know so well you know I mean Brigade is sushil bhasin could could could could could could could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear like I mean um so so so so so so so like um separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome my um well um okay so okay hoodie. And how and and and and and and and how and how and how and how and how and how job my body Tomodachi Tomodachi Tomodachi Tomodachi Tomodachi Tomodachi Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat so I mean well well you know okay Karu Karu Karu Karu Karu Karu Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid kid kid kid kid kid kid okay okay like so so okay joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really really really really really really really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are are are are are are are there like so okay okay um well to be found whether it's the normal the the the the the the the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in um um uh okay uh okay the the the the the the the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm really really really really really really really uh I mean well well uh I mean excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's she's she's she's she's she's she's returning guest also a renowned psychic um um well well so you know. She believes believes believes believes believes believes believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like I mean uh willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission mission mission mission mission mission mission in helping Humanity. Let I let I let I let I let I let I I I I I I I let I mean uh I mean like uh so go of whatever stands in their their their their their their their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on so like you you you you you you you know okay okay okay reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having having having having having having having me back hug daughter so you know okay uh like um of mine. You sound sound sound sound sound sound sound like you might be getting over something you doing? Okay like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay I mean. Yeah. I live I live I live I live I live I I I I I I I live I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay uh uh okay at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune so tune so tune so so so so so so so tune so tune so tune so tune out if well I mean um okay like like like like like like like so you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I I I I I I I um you know um um so so reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn Auburn Auburn Auburn Auburn Auburn Auburn filming something with a production crew you know so like okay so you know Link Link Link Link Link Link Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated speculated that Maddie okay well uh you know uh I mean was certainly going going going going going going going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that well that well that well that well that well that that that that that that that well that theory is officially dead because uh okay so um um uh Claire Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight straight straight straight straight straight straight I mean so um well like I mean. Maddie was filming something weeks after after after after after after after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette uh I mean well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any like like like like like like like so so well I mean you know other reason Maddie would have been filming this this this this this this this is unconfirmed. But as of right now well um um well uh uh I see see see see see see see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down well well well well well well well um uh I mean um okay in the comments below. That's all I've got for for for for for for for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if uh okay so okay you know well you're you're you're you're you're you're you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today well so so so so so so so like like so like. So check that out on this channel and make sure you you you you you you you check out our I mean like uh well uh okay Bachelor after show live live live live live live live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready ready ready ready ready ready ready for well like well um I mean uh the word of God and and and and and and and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker sister well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh okay Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle Brielle Brielle Brielle Brielle Brielle Brielle and Ashland um um I mean um um so. She works alongside her her her her her her her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban you know I mean well well well well well well well well so you know Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole whole whole whole whole whole whole committee. She serves on uh okay um I mean well so the committee. That That That That That That That would that would that would that would that would that would that would be quite quite quite quite quite quite quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and uh um you know like like like like like like like so um events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
Hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a he's a he's a a a a a a a he's a he's a he's a he's a okay I mean uh like so so so so so so so okay CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this this this this this this this I mean uh like like I mean you know podcast, we've had some prior episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably um you know like okay so you know know know know know know know the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded episode to you know uh I mean um I mean well date. We also also also also also also also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode like um so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75 75 75 75 75 75 75. So the okay like uh I mean so um people who listen to our our our our our our our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas um so so so so so so so um I mean well so of the world. So we're going to keep finding people people people people people people people who know them well to okay so like um I mean okay explain explain explain explain explain explain explain them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons. I'm well I mean um well um I mean one of your hosts riverbed us with with with with with with with me. This week is a lie - I mean um well uh uh like like like like like like like man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating creating creating creating creating creating creating character um you know okay like um okay hooks as well as connecting campaigns campaigns campaigns campaigns campaigns campaigns campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions so so like okay you know well well well well well well well again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So So So So So So So send so send so send so send so send so send so send send send send send send send so uh you know you know so I mean those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll do it next time but before all that Ali okay uh okay so well so are are are are are are are you games this week? So since the first time since we started okay you you you you you you you know I mean so okay you know playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D D&D D&D D&D D&D D&D D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you you you you you you you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you okay uh like okay I mean well haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a lot of of of of of of of blood-borne so so uh you know okay um and Minecraft but aside from from from from from from from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make a podcast. Let um let um let um let um let um let um let let let let let let let um um I mean um um I mean me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your um so uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you. So uh well I mean well well well it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can make so well uh you know so like like like like like like like money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in you you you you you you you know I mean so I mean like um one place. Download the free anchor app app app app app app app or go to incurred on FM you know okay well okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on health health health health health health health and you know well I mean well I mean well wellness a podcast hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician um okay so so so so so so so okay like well with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with you know like like like like like like like so well okay okay Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's built it's built it's built it's built it's built it's built it's built to help help help help help help help so you know you know I mean like like you outsmart some of the obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and like well you know well well well well well well well okay okay then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today is Wednesday, uh um okay you know so uh March 4th 2020 on this this this this this this this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior okay so you know I mean so so so so so so so uh college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after after after after after after after she hitched a well okay well uh well like ride late. One night night night night night night night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings well well like like like like like like like like like um now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday so so so so so so so so you know like okay like night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing doing doing doing doing doing doing the history series and also Snow so well uh you know you know like ending ending ending ending ending ending ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm I I I I I I I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean um okay pouring and now I always try to put together something as as as as as as as I like so uh I mean so so mentioned the other day. I'd only only only only only only only I'd only I'd only I'd only I'd only I'd only I'd only time I ever ever ever ever ever ever ever write anything down is Is so well so you know okay okay there something something something something something something something going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim well uh well well well well well well well so uh I mean believe it or not? Because they always write a five or or or or or or or six or seven page Arturo whatever well like so you know you know uh couple couple couple couple couple couple couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, you know you know know know know know know know like like I mean uh you know know, you know, you can't remember what you're you're you're you're you're you're you're saying. So I have a text in front well you know uh well well well well well well well well uh of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from from from from from from from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little little little little little little little bit of so okay um okay well uh how we started with here on anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor and one of the best things about I mean um like okay like like like like like like like like anchor it's free. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is this is this is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a lot like like like like like like like like okay I mean you know I mean of creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your you know um I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the free free free free free free free anchor up or you know well um okay um well go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F m-- to get started check it out. It's like I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to sick parvis you know well like okay you know well Magna podcast. It means means means means means means means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's to you know know know know know know know like okay well so okay talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't mean you you you you you you you have to be a um uh um like okay okay CEO doesn't mean you have to to to to to to to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit visit visit visit visit visit visit our website at wwwallaboutdoorscom well you know um so um well. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's today's today's today's today's today's today's talk. Let me just ask you how many of so well uh uh well well well well well well well you know you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I I I I I I I see you know uh I mean well so okay your hands? Wow, I'm Dom Dom Dom Dom Dom Dom Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good well you know well well well well well well well I mean okay okay. You how about those who do not want to to to to to to to admit their age 30 well I mean so okay okay so above so so so so so so so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow um so so so so so so so okay well okay you know it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? you you you you you you um like okay so um I mean Okay, what's up guys? My name my name my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name is Andre. You're listening to this this this this this this this. You already okay I mean um um um well know who I am. I'm in the the the the the the the car with Logan. So guys, how's it uh okay okay I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention mention mention mention mention mention mention I mean okay well um um you know McMurray the rest of this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about so um like like like like like like like okay you know I mean the only school we went to but we are are are are are are are currently driving. Back to Abilene for I mean I mean you know okay I mean you you you you you you you know alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have any other so you know well okay I mean like excuse. Yeah. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know why we going. All right guys before we jump into this so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean okay episode. I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you haven't heard of Banker uh like I mean you know you you you you you you you know you know. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you you you you you you you need is I mean well you know so uh um in one place place place place place place place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you here here here here here here here like like okay okay well uh today. I am I am I am I am am am am am am am I am I am I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory and kind of well well uh so you know um like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really know I mean you know know know know know know know you know so you know okay what to say about myself, but I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess I go to school with um okay uh so like you know a Brielle Brielle Brielle Brielle Brielle Brielle Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I like well okay uh um um um um um um um I mean consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage engage engage engage engage engage engage in a so like well uh like um polyamorous lifestyle. So and what how would would would would would would would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is so uh so okay so so so so so so so so the ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
Spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out I mean like like like like like like like you know like like well if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that like well well you know know know know know know know like you know Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production production production production production production production crew Link in you know um you know okay I mean so the the the the the the the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was was was was was was was um so like well so like certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that that that that that that that theory is officially dead because Claire well okay you know okay I mean okay Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie I I I I I I I mean so um well um um was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's she's she's she's she's she's she's not the Bachelorette so uh like like um so um she has to be be be be be be be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other you know like okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as but but but but but but but as but as but as but as but as but as of right uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh you know now I see no other explanation unless y'all have have have have have have have other theories. Let me know your okay so well so uh uh thoughts down down down down down down down in the comments below. That's all that's all that's all that's all all all all all all all that's all that's all that's all I've got for today on Bachelor News well so so so so so so so uh I mean so um Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I I I I I I I just did a deep dive so so like you know so I mean on her her her her her her her earlier today. So check so check so check so check so check so check check check check check check check so check that out on this channel and make uh you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 pm pm pm pm pm pm pm. Pacific like well you know like um like on AfterBuzz TV. I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been your host chef chef chef chef chef chef chef Graham. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on so um um um um um um um so I mean uh I mean. It's just like I don't know what what what what what what what it is. Like the power of I mean so okay well uh uh music is is is is is is is a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so well okay have never met a lot of the three babies we we we we we we we have he is the well like you know uh okay so one he is is is is is is is the one that loves music so much he will walk by the you know know know know know know know like like like so like what is that and home pod? And he will point point point point point point point to it. I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick pick pick pick pick pick pick him uh like you know I mean I mean so up. He'll touch it it it it it it it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved um you know know know know know know know um like like um music so much to the point where if he can't touch touch touch touch touch touch touch it like he will like like so well like I mean start screaming screaming screaming screaming screaming screaming screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, so so so so so so so so um uh well I mean I was kind of in like a a a a a a a are we going? Yeah, we're going like okay um well okay okay to how we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like like like like like like like so okay like like um like are you a little upset? So So So So So So So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye eye eye eye eye eye eye I mean you know I mean you know um well open. Sweet cool. Got it it it it it it it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again calling so like um um you you you you you you you know um in because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, we okay well okay uh well um have a restraining order each of us us us us us us us have ever starting order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello I mean okay um I mean you know you know. We're here. We're here today today today today today today today talking to each other to discuss are both of so okay so I mean um um um um um um um um ours top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I I I I I I I not so um okay well like okay soccer he plays hockey and baseball. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball okay okay you know um you you you you you you you know I mean and hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want want want want want want want me to start off? you know so I mean well like you know All All All All All All All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first um so so so so so so so you know I mean uh okay injury from way back when I was in eighth eighth eighth eighth eighth eighth eighth grade. It's written soccer and this one so like well like well so. This wife wife wife wife wife wife wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Gathering Gathering Gathering Gathering Gathering Gathering Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm so so so so so so so so so so okay okay Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink drink drink drink drink drink drink or you could just so well okay okay like well keep doing what you're you're you're you're you're you're you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat I mean uh like you you you you you you you know like uh with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get get get get get get get started like uh so like okay like. Hi Jenna. Hi Beth. So good to to to to to to to see you my friend. It's been it's been it's been it's been it's been been been been been been been it's been it's been too long I mean okay uh I mean you know um. Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell me about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you know I mean you know I mean okay you know excited to introduce sister on on on on on on on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth uh I mean uh uh like like like like like like like um. It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for for for for for for for me. I'm okay you know I mean okay well like just thrilled to see see see see see see see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She just so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and and and and and and and her best friend category. Probably you know well um well you know uh really really really really really really really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well you know I mean well spreading faster than the coronavirus are these these these these these these these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony okay you know uh so like well Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy you know I mean uh um I mean um. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh uh it and I are not good at finishing each other's other's other's other's other's other's other's sentences. We just well I mean um okay you know okay discovered that in in in in in in in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality uh so so so so so so so you know like okay well with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is a place where people wanting I mean well I mean so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens religion you know okay you know like uh so New Age stuff Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows okay like like like like like like like you know okay okay well will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and and and and and and and new discoveries. In other in other in other in other in other in other other other other other other other in other shows will like so like you know you know um have have have have have have have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join okay like like like like like like like you know well so like me on this journey as we discuss in open open open open open open open up about what spirituality in today's okay so so I mean uh so world world world world world world world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork breathwork breathwork breathwork breathwork breathwork breathwork so um so like I mean so facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't um well so you know you know um have a business but with with with with with with with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't have um like you know know know know know know know okay you know okay customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to to to to to to to close up shop. Here's um okay so okay um I mean what to do. If If If If If If If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know well make your offer more appealing and to get back back back back back back back in search results ultimately winning like okay so I mean you know I mean you more bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red into into into into into into into well well you know um well you know the black with your air B&B B&B B&B B&B B&B B&B B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated and I mean um so okay well well well well well well well uh let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are um so so so so so so so uh so um like being the family these eight strategies will get you more more more more more more more bookings and I'm going to I mean okay um uh I mean you know order order order order order order order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence. Some of of of of of of of these so well uh I mean so so are going to be super simple to implement implement implement implement implement implement implement. They're just going to be a okay um like you know so uh couple of of of of of of of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well uh well might even require a little bit of investment and this this this this this this this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this well well well well well well well so um uh okay like episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape rape rape rape rape rape rape and abuse that some people may find uh well okay uh um I mean offensive. We We We We We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly well like like like like like like like uh um I mean like was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had had had had had had had dragged her to this like well so so um you know cramped office office office office office office office. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy well well well well well well well well like okay you know like Jeff. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, Jeff's anyways, Jeff's anyways, Jeff's anyways, Jeff's anyways, Jeff's anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response response response response response response response. He said he said he said he said he said he said he said okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay you know okay I mean Lisa you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled rolled rolled rolled rolled rolled rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled I mean um okay I mean um well his his his his his his his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not I I I I I I I mean so uh you know um um just what we get to Define. Its Its Its Its Its Its Its how God calls us to himself. He is I mean I mean well um uh well well well well well well well the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so you know uh you know know what you're talking about. I don't understand understand understand understand understand understand understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry well sorry well sorry well sorry well well well well well well well sorry well sorry well sorry well you know uh you know um uh be more more more more more more more that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well so okay so of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, music, music, music, music, music, music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic uh so you know uh um well at my name is is is is is is is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is you know uh well well well well well well well okay uh I mean not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin begin begin begin begin begin begin in the name you know so uh so well well of the father and the son son son son son son son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's called a like so well like okay uh mind mind mind mind mind mind mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue by which which which which which which which so um um so um you know we desire the kingdom of heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing all well like like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but on on on on on on on the help of the well well like um uh well grace of the Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive for Holiness we strive I mean um you know know know know know know know okay like well to become a saint as something which is possible but not yet yet yet yet yet yet yet guaranteed. And there are three like I mean well well okay like conditions needed needed needed needed needed needed needed for the virtue of Hope first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't you know you you you you you you you know like well well well heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make make make make make make make a podcast. So let so well you know um um okay me go ahead and and and and and and and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free so you know like like well well well well well well well so to do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right I mean um I mean um um so from your phone or computer. So So So So So So So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor okay um uh you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. And well um I mean uh well you know so many more you can also also also also also also also make money from your podcast with no minimum well I mean okay so uh so so so so so so so listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this this this this this this this you know uh so like well uh is our podcast. I wanted I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to thank you for joining joining joining joining joining joining joining us today. I prayed this you know uh um okay I mean um word increases increases increases increases increases increases increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean um I mean God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't go I can't go with well you know okay you know you know so this this this this this this this one. Can you can you can you can you can you can you can you is is is is is is is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is uh uh uh like like so so so so so so so it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles chronicles chronicles chronicles chronicles chronicles chronicles you know um I mean so well uh 7 and 14. We're going to finish finish finish finish finish finish finish this series the series next time like um so so okay I mean next next next next next next next Sunday. I want I want I want I want I want I want I want want want want want want want to I want to do this. I got I got I got I got got got got got got got I got I got I got to teach uh okay well okay so okay this word word word word word word word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so like uh. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month month month month month month month today and which I um like okay you know I mean you know really really really really really really really really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on okay um like well well well well well well well I mean uh the first of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity. Thank like you know I mean uh I mean so the Lord you are here here here here here here here. There are so many people that didn't see out last like you know I mean you you you you you you you know uh I mean month and you've got to be grateful that you you you you you you you are here you are present well like well uh okay well you are able able able able able able able to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last okay well well well well well well well um well well well month and you can make a difference and I want want want want want want want you to see that as something you know you know so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know Really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for for for for for for for because sometimes we like I mean like okay uh I mean just take things things things things things things things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find find find find find find find um well like uh okay um out it's like well don't look at me me me me me me me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good I mean so I mean you know know know know know know know okay um. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting setting setting setting setting setting setting which you'll Be uh okay so uh um um announcing shortly. We will will will will will will will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well uh We have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you you you you you you you both? Yeah for well okay uh so uh uh the good week. We've been we've we've we've we've we've we've we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been busy lots to to to to to to to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, uh well okay like well okay you you you you you you you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So first so first so first first first first first first first so first so first so first so first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
The 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles well so so so so so so so so well so uh Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture counterculture counterculture counterculture counterculture counterculture counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The I mean you know I mean okay you know okay summer summer summer summer summer summer summer of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um I mean like killer knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter Roy and it's time to learn some so like like um so uh true true true true true true true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic topic topic topic topic topic topic like I mean I mean so okay okay um the headline-making Zodiac murders murders murders murders murders murders murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so okay okay so their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Ted Ted Ted Ted Ted Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this okay so um you know I mean you know week week week week week week week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again once again once again once once once once once once once again once again once again once again to the project e you know you know know know know know know know like uh um uh podcast. My name is Mahmoud and I am your host host host host host host host. So one of the you know you know well like I mean you you you you you you you know things that I wanted to do when I started this podcast is is is is is is is explore topics uh I mean okay uh uh like that I am interested in in in in in in in and I want to learn more about and one of well so so so like like like like like like like well those things is Ecommerce businesses. How do how do how do how do do do do do do do how do how do how do you start an e-commerce business? How do you you you you you you you get well well I mean uh okay I mean the necessary licensing here in in in in in in in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of well well I mean you you you you you you you know you know uh the things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce e-commerce e-commerce e-commerce e-commerce e-commerce e-commerce business should Consider before starting you know um okay well so like their business business business business business business business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um I mean so you know seven one agency created nine seven one one one one one one one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert like you know I mean you you you you you you you know I mean I mean digital agency here in the Middle East they work with with with with with with with local and international brands in the so so okay I mean so I mean Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal L'Oreal L'Oreal L'Oreal L'Oreal L'Oreal L'Oreal so uh like uh I mean okay Julia shares with us today. Have Have Have Have Have Have Have you have you have you have you have you have you have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will learn learn learn learn learn learn learn um uh well okay um I mean from stories experience trials and errors to to to to to to to live a more measured life with less well so okay okay I I I I I I I mean uh cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut cut cut cut cut cut cut twice podcast. I'm uh well you know um uh you know your host Seth Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense no offense no offense no offense no offense offense offense offense offense offense offense no offense no offense old and friend so so you know like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say you you you you you you you know I mean like well I mean uh wisdom comes with age. Not always the the the the the the the case. Do you say that? I okay so uh so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean don't know who said that I heard it in the song one time. I think think think think think think think I mean uh uh so like okay Bobby Joe and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
This is this is this is this is this is this is this is Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, okay you know like so so so so so so so so like let's begin in the name of the father and the son son son son son son son and the holy spirit okay uh you know uh well like. Amen was called a a a a a a a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think okay I mean um um um um um um um um well so the most exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God God God God God God God already had okay you know um you know um I mean you and I I I I I I I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan okay um um um um um um um um um well well of history that no other person can or ever will take we were were were were were were were designed for well okay so I mean you know um this role and and and and and and and only we can fulfill it and if we don't no uh so so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know one will Father favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us us us us us us us are well I mean um um I mean well alike. God saw a specialty in US US US US US US US eternally, it was this specialty which okay um well well you know so he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean um okay you know introduce to you the love below. This is is is is is is is our new podcast. It's an idea that you know you know uh um I mean like like like like like like like we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it it it it it it it a um I mean uh well like I mean reality now. Yeah, now yeah, now yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, now yeah, now yeah, now yeah, now yeah, now we're bringing his baby to to to to to to to the world. So here we are okay uh like so like I mean welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of just like like like like like like like okay um okay like okay want to talk give you an Insight of you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, what made us I mean you know so I mean okay like start this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually and okay you know know know know know know know so um okay well kind of what we want this podcast to be about and and and and and and and so yeah, uh I mean well um so you know it's an introduction to us us us us us us us. Yeah. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you guys liked getting to know so like I mean I mean so I mean us us us us us us us. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Andrew colvard so like uh okay I mean like. Elmer old is back back back back back back back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I okay I okay I I I I I I I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay so you know like okay like like like like like like like think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean okay um I mean in the house Nick how we doing exceptional? exceptional exceptional exceptional exceptional exceptional exceptional How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally uh you know um like like like like like like like um so. Well really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for for for for for for for the good so well like okay well well good good. Now you you you you you you you now you now you now you now you now you now you called me me me me me me me you have a little bit of a well so okay so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean gripe about the results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to you know like like like like like like like um I mean okay okay get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival selections um okay I mean so okay uh going today free now, which which which which which which which is the first day starting off with grade 1 okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've we've we've we've we've we've we've currently got uh um you know well so like itchy feet at 9:00 to to to to to to to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home well like okay so so so so so so so well well at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got got got got got got got mr. Fisher still listed and seven so I mean you know well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one for he okay you you you you you you you know you know so um well later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's RSA band Now by Willie Mullins easy game you know I mean uh I mean you you you you you you you know um black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 and and and and and and and so on so forth uh so okay well well like. I think it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not really a race. I've looked into much myself personally as in like um um um um um um um like well I mean like going for a horse to the back, but if if if if if if if I was going to pick anything, I'll you know you know I mean so you you you you you you you know uh probably probably safe. So this so this so this so this so this this this this this this this so this so this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the the the the the the the ESP on the TV um well like um well uh talk now. We were off last last last last last last last week. Really do really do really do really do really do really do really do your your your your your your your technical difficulties? So I mean you know I mean okay so uh I apologize. I know know know know know know know we had so many people hit us up saying where you know I mean so well well well well well well well uh uh is the after show? So we figured on the week off? off off off off off off We're not like um you know like so well actually having an episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch okay okay you know know know know know know know you know so uh up. Have a good night. So what's so what's so what's so so so so so so so what's so what's so what's so what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining joining joining joining joining joining joining us. My name my name my name my name my name my name my name is Candice Cruz join, but.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first you you you you you you you know um okay okay I mean well podcast of the of the app speaking for for for for for for for the bag. Yeah, in other words I mean well so so okay well well well well well well well Natalie deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't I mean well so well you know so know how to work anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I okay I mean you know so so so so so so so you know well was just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as as as as as as as you press the like I mean okay like um uh trash can which which which which which which which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past. We um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh um can't figure out how this works. But hello, I am am am am am am am I'm I'm let me give um uh you know well so okay you you you you you you you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're wondering why you I mean you know you know so so I mean never heard heard heard heard heard heard heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no way like like like like like like like you know I mean okay well well shape or form in any. Any circle of of of of of of of any group of people and popular I'm okay I mean you know uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill you you you you you you you know like so so like okay average high school 16 year old girl. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This is I mean like well you know like like like like like like like okay a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't like like like like like like like I mean so okay so uh podcast that just talks like it's not like the the the the the the the NPR Podcast or something. They're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're like famous it.
Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell that that that that that that that uh um you know okay well well devil who you are today. I woke I I I I I I I woke I woke I woke I woke I woke I woke up and I told the the the the the the the devil who so uh I mean like I mean um I am in Christ. I I I I I I I am complete in him who is the head of all like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean well principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am free from the the the the the the the law of um well you know so uh well sin and death. I am far far far far far far far from oppression and the enemy cannot come near me okay well um well you know know know know know know know you know. I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I I I I I I I Am well like okay so like okay Without Blame before him in love. Love I am am am am am am am in right standing with um uh you know I mean you know uh the the the the the the the father. I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God that well I I I I I I I mean uh I mean um I mean surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in in in in in in in me than he that is like like so um like uh in the world world world world world world world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I have I have I have I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I mean you know I mean you know know know know know know know so you know put up the old and put on the new I have have have have have have have been given and it's like uh you know well okay you know been given to me. I I I I I I I have no lack for my God shall supply all my needs like well um um um um um um um uh you know uh. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
All right. It's another it's another it's another it's another it's another it's another it's it's it's it's it's it's it's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying well I mean um like so so so so so so so I mean all the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past past past past past past past couple weeks well like so well you know you know. This will not not not not not not not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long okay like I I I I I I I mean I mean okay so discussion because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which which which which which which which means it's probably uh uh well well like you know To be more than one episode episode episode episode episode episode episode at least two episodes for us to get well so I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean through all this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How How How How How How How about you? I'm um I mean well okay so um good. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so well to make every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco Flacco Flacco Flacco Flacco Flacco Flacco go on right Michael. How you like okay I mean um uh you you you you you you you know doing? Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on on on on on on on well like uh so uh uh Nam im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
Today is today is today is today is today is today is today is is is is is is is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's I rosenberg's rosenberg's rosenberg's rosenberg's rosenberg's rosenberg's rosenberg's I rosenberg's I rosenberg's I rosenberg's I rosenberg's I rosenberg's I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean uh Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today today today today today today today nearly 70 years after the okay you know okay so well you know trial the rosenbergs rosenbergs rosenbergs rosenbergs rosenbergs rosenbergs rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean like today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Vanessa Vanessa Vanessa Vanessa Vanessa Vanessa Richardson. And today and today and today and today and today and today and and and and and and and today I'm covering the like I mean okay I mean okay you know 1951 Espionage Espionage Espionage Espionage Espionage Espionage Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were considered uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh um okay um. So heinous so heinous so heinous so heinous so heinous heinous heinous heinous heinous heinous heinous so heinous so heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime crime crime crime crime crime crime I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean um of the the the the the the the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm near near near near near near near a all and this is the near and far podcast you know okay um um um um um um um like I mean um. This podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show show show show show show show. I do a you know so um okay um I mean few things. I I I I I I I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your like well like so so so so so so so so so behavior. I interview authors of books. I enjoy and from from from from from from from time to uh well so well so so time. I devote I devote devote devote devote devote devote devote I devote I devote I devote I devote I devote episodes to answering your your your your your your your questions. If you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if you want to ask me a well uh I mean I mean you you you you you you you know well question visit the podcast page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask ask ask ask ask ask ask uh well I mean well well uh me a question by leaving a review. I I I I I I I promise to read it and Possibly so okay I mean you know um you you you you you you you know include your question a future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the episode so you know well like you know like and for more you can can can can can can can always visit me at near and far.com. How I mean so well you know know know know know know know okay you know to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Choi for near near near near near near near and far.com meditation so um uh uh like you know like any healthy habit takes takes takes takes takes takes takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod okay uh so um uh okay. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook your Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook conversions might be much much much much much much much lower than okay you know okay I mean well well you think HootSuite launches launches launches launches launches launches launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I think I think I think they uh I mean so okay uh so have YouTube launches launches launches launches launches launches launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors like I I I I I I I mean well I mean I mean I mean and putting other people's ideas into their their their their their their their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam like so like um um you know know know know know know know. Here's what here's what here's what here's what here's what here's what here's what what what what what what what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've so you've so you've so you've so you've you've you've you've you've you've you've so you've so you've done what a good like well well like so okay digital digital digital digital digital digital digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay uh pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the social social social social social social social platforms like Facebook and everything so okay I mean um um like is within your your your your your your your control. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything everything everything everything everything everything everything I mean I mean you know well well like from Hardware to software in the world of of of of of of of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you you know um like um well um can can can can can can can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode is um okay um um um um um um um well like okay brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We wanted to you know okay okay uh okay um figure out the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they give like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean um you everything you need in one place for for for for for for for free and you can use it from so okay so I mean you know so so so so so so so your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like about like like like like like like like you know um okay like um anchor they have some creation tools that allow you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast. They'll like like well so I mean um um um um um um um distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere and they have some ways ways ways ways ways ways ways like you know like like I mean um for you to make money on your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you well you know so I mean well well well well well well well well want to give it a try and make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children children children children children children children. Listener discretion like I mean you know you know okay you know is advised especially for for for for for for for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about to so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay well hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about about about about about about about leimia. Today's episode combines elements I mean like so like I mean well from from from from from from from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give you like well so um um um um um um um so okay the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves waves waves waves waves waves waves lapped um um I mean I mean uh you know upon the smooth Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many pests dried you know like like like like like like like so like um so himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision decision decision decision decision decision decision some exercise squeezed in before like uh like you know well okay today's boring studies studies studies studies studies studies studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got got got got got got got Andy on um you know well like you know you know which means we we we we we we we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you okay I I I I I I I mean like so like well. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of of of of of of of days my back was much so like so okay um well better. But now now now now now now now it's really bad again might have been because I try to train I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay you know okay legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I I I I I I I mean are you I okay I mean so okay uh so didn't even do that before before before before before before before I hurt my back you're as you see you're one of like okay um um um um um um um um you know um these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to to to to to to to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've okay so so uh okay I mean learnt from from from from from from from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon as well well well well well well well uh uh um uh I mean it feels better again. I will be doing doing doing doing doing doing doing the same thing, but I am using so okay so um you know uh this this this this this this this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's going well like like like like like like like like you know like you know to improve things for me ideal ideal now if if if if if if if you don't be a good uh so um um well okay good start First First First First First First First question. Okay is okay is okay is okay is okay is okay is okay is is is is is is is quite a long one. And normally and normally and normally and normally and normally and normally and normally I make excuses that it's not.
All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh you know like I mean melody our I'm my name is Future and and and and and and and baying are your host today? And we and we and we and we and and and and and and and we and we and we uh so like uh I mean uh have a special special special special special special special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know uh uh um your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm so you know uh so um uh just I'm just just just just just just just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day you know like like like like like like like okay I mean um uh at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here with the legendary. Dairy um so you know um you know you know know know know know know know future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star. Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary well um I mean um uh uh Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in in in in in in in Vietnam. Welcome to today and True um uh okay uh uh okay Crime app are are are are are are are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well so you know advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering covering covering covering covering covering covering I mean okay well so so I mean the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then Then Then Then Then Then Then 61 years old who was found guilty of initiating okay um um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a a a a a a a um so I mean well well you know time what a time to to to to to to to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March um well um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay and if you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay you know uh I mean do celebrate the beginning of the new new new new new new new year in Spring and spring is coming um well so well uh well up up up up up up up. Can you believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because because because because because because because winter okay like uh well I mean so I was just writing this in in in in in in in my journal winter is always that period of deep um you know like um you know know know know know know know okay transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host like so so so so so so so um um so I mean Jonathan Brown and today I have a special guest guest guest guest guest guest guest with me name is Josh character like so uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of of of of of of of South like I mean uh so I mean okay Carolina amongst a lot of things things things things things things things. Would you like to tell us like okay like well um uh some of those those those those those those those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so okay you know I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm well well well well well well well like like well so uh your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The The The The The The The first thing I want so like okay uh so well to go over today is a fortnight fortnight fortnight fortnight fortnight fortnight fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter I mean so um I I I I I I I mean uh like 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight competitive team I mean okay okay uh um you know calling all operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit about well well well well well well well uh uh like um uh anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a you know um um I mean um um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record uh so so so so so so so um uh I mean so and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer and anchor will distribute your um um uh like um um podcast for you. So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many well um like I I I I I I I mean like um more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you know so you know like so you know you need to make make make make make make make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or like so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is it is episode or or or or or or or of the you know um okay so you know so game chat pod cast cast cast cast cast cast cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
Today is today is today is today is today is today is today today today today today today today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court Court Court Court Court Court Court of the um uh well you know um uh United States upheld the murder murder murder murder murder murder murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to today okay I mean so I mean like like like like like like like so and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's decision decision decision decision decision decision decision not to hear like uh uh uh so so an appeals case for the the the the the the the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back to the well okay like I mean you you you you you you you know you know morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas. Richard Burr um uh um you know um you know sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
Hiya.
Due to due to due to due to due to due to due to to to to to to to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is um you you you you you you you know well um okay so advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On On On On On On On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed you know I mean um uh um you know Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above you you you you you you you know um uh so I mean okay the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was was was was was was was a hot day but the sun was um you know uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an an an an an an an like well you know uh I mean you know effort to combat. Thousands of small small small small small small small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of I mean you know so well okay you you you you you you you know the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and he and he and he and he he he he he he he and he and he and his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Service Service Service Service Service Service Service like well well you know so so had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt Halt Halt Halt Halt Halt Halt the fires, they were overworked and understaffed okay okay you know well like you know know know know know know know. But many but many but many but many but many but many but many many many many many many many members of the service still believe the situation was under control but Pulaski so so so so so so so you know you know like I mean um worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect uh uh so I mean uh uh those of the company and its management management management management management management management for their more the views and opinions well like okay so like um um um um um um um of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know I mean okay the regular program the management and the network network network network network network network by Leila Patterson and programming and well okay well um so uh and strict strict strict strict strict strict strict on but no by at go by in a module on my so uh so so so so so so so uh okay like adding my messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra Terra Terra Terra Terra Terra Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something something something something something something something to um like you know so you know you know say but don't have the the the the the the the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that I mean uh like like like like like like like um well well mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor has simplified well you know you know like you know so the podcast World World World World World World World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do well so you know know know know know know know um like um all the work for you. It's the only opt opt opt opt opt opt opt out there that lets you create well so so um like like and host host host host host host host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what so what so what so what what what what what what what so what so what so what are you waiting for download I mean like like so so so so so so so you know uh now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
together growing together growing together growing together growing together growing together growing together growing growing growing growing growing growing growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel uh so so so so so so so like I mean uh well how Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how how how how how how how in the following day he so like uh okay you know um gets up up up up up up up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God uh well so so so so so so so so you know I mean to be with the father in prayer. And And And And And And And when you had gone up so I mean okay okay well uh to be be be be be be be with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter comes you know I mean uh uh well uh to him and he says to him him him him him him him we've been looking for you and Jesus I mean so um okay so I I I I I I I mean says while I needed to be with the father but also need need need need need need need to go somewhere well okay so I mean I mean uh else. They something absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um um so okay of Jesus in picking the day. He He He He He He He begins it by being with God the father in okay like uh um um um um um um um I mean like prayer. He begins it. By taking by taking by taking by by by by by by by taking by taking by taking by taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would we we we we we we we would we would we would we would we would we would be talking like like like like like like like uh okay so you know um about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and and and and and and and I would be your host for you know um I mean um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the session. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have heard this term. If If If If If If If you know uh okay so okay um not, very likely that you will will will will will will will hear it soon programmatic advertising is in automated buying well okay so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more effective effective effective effective effective effective effective streamlining the like um uh so uh um process and consolidating your digital digital digital digital digital digital digital advertising efforts in one technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 you know well well well well well well well okay you know well like years American global Awakening to the New World War War War War War War War II American artificial intelligence American um um like so you know uh. Do you you you you you you you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree mr. Tree mr. Tree mr. Tree mr. Tree mr mr mr mr mr mr mr. Tree mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave okay so okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going going going going going going going well like well okay you know so on everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work work work work work work work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah okay hallelujah okay hallelujah okay hallelujah okay hallelujah okay okay okay okay okay okay okay hallelujah okay hallelujah okay like well um okay like my best program, but whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night uh you know know know know know know know so um well you know. We have we have we have we have have have have have have have we have we have we have some issues got on their hopped on had had had had had had had a couple of I don't um so so like I mean you know know know know know know know know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars. It It It It It It It was well uh okay I mean uh I mean fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is this is this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is your Checkmate your Bohemian you know know know know know know know you know well you know so like guide to economics and everything everything everything everything everything everything everything. Let's gonna let's gonna let's gonna let's gonna let's gonna let's gonna let's gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you know um well you know like um so so so so so so so critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in all all all all all all all so okay like you know okay like sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that that that that that that that you should after reading an article go I mean like you know okay okay like. Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted to um um um um um um um I mean so uh so you know say Force but Source critical thinking to to to to to to to me. So actually thinking not just critically about um like you know you know know know know know know know uh I mean the things that you receive but critically about everything to be be be be be be be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history like like like like like like like like um I mean like okay of song titles. It is the horse hustle hustle hustle hustle hustle hustle hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I mean so so um okay so I I I I I I I mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey Harvey Harvey Harvey Harvey Harvey Harvey on okay well I mean um I mean um for 2000 album stories stories stories stories stories stories stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a number like I I I I I I I mean so uh you know I mean for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify. Orig the 500 with Josh Adam um I mean uh well I mean so me Myers, Myers, Myers, Myers, Myers, Myers, Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you guys for joining me well well um so you know I I I I I I I mean on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of of of of of of of the 500 uh I mean um well you know okay Greatest Albums down to one one one one one one one. There are times that I look over this like uh I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well list to see what's coming up and I get excited because because because because because because because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
All those all those all those all those all those all those all those those those those those those those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a I'm a little boy models podcaster starting um like um um um um um um um um you know okay real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dry dry dry dry dry dry dick a poo pants AKA like well uh okay you know okay garbage face face face face face face face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls um you know know know know know know know like well you know I mean AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize I I I I I I I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize if if if if if if if I missed any please write me uh I mean well so well okay if if if if if if if I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last week week week week week week week like uh like you know uh so. Apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently the apparently the apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like so uh um podcast with me David Moore and as usual, usual, usual, usual, usual, usual, usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly um I mean you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave. Hey well so okay you know I mean you know them very well. What an an an an an an an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down down down the so um well uh um well top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 years in 1996 week, one of the like like like you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The excitement the excitement the the the the the the the excitement the excitement the excitement the excitement the excitement of thousands I mean okay I I I I I I I mean you know I mean uh quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled filled filled filled filled filled filled with nails exploded for more shocking sports events I mean so well I I I I I I I mean um like from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness special listen. On okay like okay you know um well Spotify or wherever you get your your your your your your your podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week I mean okay okay um you you you you you you you know I mean of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the energy in in in in in in in the city was buzzing so okay so so uh so at Centennial Park Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to The echo echo echo echo echo echo echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the um um so like like like like like like like like I mean division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do do do do do do do division I mean okay uh like um um stuff such as this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel I mean I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh um and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of the the the the the the the you know um uh um I mean um day is habitually spelled h h h h h h h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over the eat like like like you you you you you you you know you know you know despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know know know know know know know the meaning of this word. Even like you know uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like like like like like like like and is I mean well I mean uh okay so related to a handful of of of of of of of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have okay like you know like like like like like like like well well it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a a a a a a a place as in like um like okay okay okay the aspiring painter was was was was was was was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for like I mean like so so so so so so so you know you know someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as as as as as as as pool rooms bars like uh like like uh like or used bookstores. Are you you you you you you you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today. We are I mean uh you know you know so so discussing communism in the family family family family family family family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited okay so um like like like like like like like well well to get into this work. But first but first but first but but but but but but but first but first but first but first of all, we'll go through and and and and and and and do like um okay like okay so our names and pronouns and And we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon okay you know uh um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh is. My name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that like like like like like like like well okay so so well old Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, the one where they've got the the the the the the the I mean I mean I mean uh like I mean main employees like like like like like like like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy like like okay you you you you you you you know okay uh and a lot of fun. My name my name my name my my my my my my my name my name my name my name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well like okay okay 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender well like you know I mean so uh. Skip Skip Skip Skip Skip Skip Skip at skip at skip at skip at skip at skip at skip at a matter of of of of of of of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean Spotify original peasants. They tally they tally they tally they tally tally tally tally tally tally tally they tally they tally they tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast of the uh you know uh so well so transgenders by the transgenders exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring. The unexplored the unexplored the unexplored the unexplored the unexplored the unexplored unexplored unexplored unexplored unexplored unexplored unexplored the unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia Mia Mia Mia Mia Mia Mia is back from um like like you know like I mean Japan, but she she she she she she she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but today's topic well I mean um um um um um um um uh you know I mean is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As As As As As As As always this information on this like well like I mean uh uh podcast is is is is is is is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition. It's for it's for for for for for for for it's for it's for it's for it's for it's for information purposes so I I I I I I I mean um you know well well only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please Please Please Please Please Please Please seek please seek please seek please seek please seek please seek please seek advice advice advice advice advice advice advice from your Healthcare I mean so like uh um um professional. Before making making making making making making making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha okay well well well well well well well well like well like babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um well well top. Now, let now, let now, let now, let now, let now, now, now, now, now, now, now, let now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the the the the the the the after Bush I mean I mean like well I mean um show for 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and I would like like like like like like like to I mean okay so um uh I mean introduce you to to to to to to to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we There's a lot so I I I I I I I mean so like you know I mean I mean prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy Stacy Stacy Stacy Stacy Stacy Stacy has a question for us later on I mean so okay uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh our special segment and Ashley. We just we just we just we just we just just just just just just just we just we just gone we're vibing providing has actually uh okay so uh okay okay hiding hiding hiding hiding hiding hiding hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
Hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and and and and and and and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is D. Rho Graham I mean okay so like like like like like like like you know um with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here here here here here here here so okay um uh well you know today on the 5th episode and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're really excited to speak today and have this uh uh like uh well like conversation and and and and and and and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid you know know know know know know know like like so uh so open conversation and to real you were talking a a a a a a a little bit with me about your uh so so so I mean uh body embodiment and and and and and and and I thought This has been a really great topic for uh uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like us to speak about and so my question for you just just just just just just just to get right okay you know I mean so you know okay into it because because because because because because because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings okay understandings okay okay okay okay okay okay okay understandings okay understandings okay understandings okay understandings okay understandings okay uh so like well well is is is is is is is my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and and and and and and and let you know uh you know I mean you know like you know how much it it it it it it it came and I enjoy using anchor for our podcast. We okay like so you know know know know know know know you know you know love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two two two two two two two. There are creation I mean um so um I mean um tools that allow you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your I mean so so so so so so so like uh like uh computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify I mean like so so you know uh Apple podcast and and and and and and and many other platforms number four you can make money from Podcast I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well um um you know with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need need need need need need need to make a podcast all in uh okay you know like I mean so one place place place place place place place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, this this this this this this this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well you know and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he he he he he he he come from? It's a crossover episode um uh well okay okay well. Yeah, it's a a a a a a a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered here you you you you you you you know well I mean okay um I mean today to have an orgy. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's basically your mother listen to our podcast to no okay so like I I I I I I I mean like you know no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here to like I mean you know uh well um talk about atrs the movie movie movie movie movie movie movie but before we get into Addresses when I get uh like um um um um um um um well uh I mean this out of the way a quick plug or or or or or or or big plug we are now on okay uh so like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like share subscribe follow so so so so so so so um so okay like uh retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per per per per per per per episode, which is um you know you know well I mean well one of of of of of of of my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys. What do do do do do do do um you know like uh so um you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance rather um um um um um um um uh you know I mean well okay than from a place of fear and resistance resistance resistance resistance resistance resistance resistance and anxiety because at the end of the you know like I mean well well well well well well well like uh day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It It It It It It It just has um I mean so um okay um to be full full trust trust trust trust trust trust trust full full surrender and know that you will be like uh uh um well well legio legio legio legio legio legio legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to doing um so you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
Hi, POTUS. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I hope you're doing well. Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode today's episode is when did disability become so taboo? you know so so so so so so so so um um like So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler Butler Butler Butler Butler Butler Butler who is a fitness influencer like well um well uh um and also a wheelchair wheelchair wheelchair wheelchair wheelchair wheelchair wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh okay I mean okay or to have a disability. And also the way way way way way way way that the World perhaps disables like so uh you know uh uh us more than injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do which well you know I I I I I I I mean you know uh you know might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's basically the idea uh okay like so so uh of ableism and how the the the the the the the world is set up for people who are so uh okay I mean I mean like like like like like like like able-bodied as opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way way way way way way way. It uh okay okay so like uh was so inspiring to people Sophia, and and and and and and and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I like well uh okay like so really hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome like I I I I I I I mean you know you know so like to a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My My My My My My My name my name my name my name my name my name my name is Carl Carl Carl Carl Carl Carl Carl Donnelly comedian father to so I mean I mean I mean okay okay Bay Wells vegan coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like on the outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've so so so so so so so well okay okay so um been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a a a a a a a well uh so okay like like small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living cell um okay okay you know you you you you you you you know I mean. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy energy energy energy energy energy energy if I mean like like so well like blood glucose levels are too high. This This This This This This This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which is so I mean um um well well well well well well well okay the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows flows flows flows flows flows flows I mean um well you know you know um through the pancreas. The The The The The The The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough I mean like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean blood glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the the the the the the the pancreas releases the okay well I mean I mean so uh hormone insulin into into into into into into into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of so like like like like like like like like you know like okay insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as as as as as as as a form of glucose that so like I mean I mean okay uh is insoluble and can can can can can can can be stored for later. Use this process continues until the um uh uh you you you you you you you know well I mean pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today you know know know know know know know like um um I mean like. This is actually an interview that I did with with with with with with with cave on Divani on um so you know okay so um his total Bitcoin show show show show show show show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice like uh uh you you you you you you you know okay okay guy been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin a lot of great people okay I mean so I mean well well well well well well well so on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them them them them them them them. So you know so well well okay I mean I thought I'd share with with with with with with with you guys here as well just to note the first um I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um half there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So So So So So So So the I mean um okay well um you know the audio was spotty in places, places, places, places, places, places, places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you okay okay um okay well I mean want want want want want want want to follow cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his his his his his his his Twitter I mean okay uh like uh well handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of of of of of of of March um uh okay you know so I mean 2020 with split expectations going going going going going going going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in the morning. Hoping well well you know like like like like like like like um um that the RBA would come to the table with a rate cut cut cut cut cut cut cut the bank of um um so like uh um Japan announced early in the data data data data data data data. They would be starting a new round of asset well so you know so I I I I I I I mean well purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut the the the the the the the cash rates like um okay so like uh by half a percent. Oh for oh for oh oh oh oh oh oh oh for oh for oh for oh for oh for the big Banks quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly passed on the right you know okay um like like well cut with Westpac Westpac Westpac Westpac Westpac Westpac Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump um so um um like I I I I I I I mean tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they they they they they they they have the you know I mean I mean um uh you know Federal Reserve Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points. This is um um um um um um um like so uh okay so the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime uh so you know well like um podcast in this week. We are on episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 13 of To this is the uh well okay okay okay you know secret today. We We We We We We We have we have we have we have we have we have we have the episode directed directed directed directed directed directed directed by Denny Gordon and then written well I mean uh you know so well by by by by by by by. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are are are are are are are uh well you know you know like I mean back in the mid-2000s mid-2000s mid-2000s mid-2000s mid-2000s mid-2000s mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views views views views views views views or um well well um so I mean comments participant skip any personal experiences or or or or or or or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, well I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know but I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, here, here, here, here, here, here, but you well um like so uh uh came on my personal experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast so um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and and and and and and and opinions discussed in the you know okay okay you know I mean um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Do not do not do not do not do not do not do not reflect the the the the the the the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator I mean you you you you you you you know okay um you know well of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon salmon salmon salmon salmon salmon salmon covid is it Brittany like um like like like so American humor then he he he he he he he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so uh so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host host host host host host host like you know so so well uh Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here um uh okay I mean um well to talk about South Carolina's Carolina's Carolina's Carolina's Carolina's Carolina's Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi you know you know I I I I I I I mean you know um so State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did and uh okay okay you know know know know know know know okay well it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got up up up up up up up big you know okay okay I mean um well early and then they squandered almost every every every every every every every single ounce of that lead going into uh um uh so well um halftime and then then then then then then then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know um so like didn't Coast because you know, they only won won won won won won won by 12 and most of the you know you know you know uh you know know know know know know know uh time they were up by like six or something like that but it felt felt felt felt felt felt felt comfortable in okay you know so okay so I mean South Carolina did it it it it it it it without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot of good I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean well well performances from a lot of different areas and as as as as as as as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult well well well well well well well so you know like so so subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma Trauma Trauma Trauma Trauma Trauma Trauma. It may not be suitable well so um like uh you know for for for for for for for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up so so so so so so so well uh you know uh I mean something about sex with an adult. It's not not not not not not not usually even in their experience okay so like uh um uh unless it's it's it's it's it's it's it's happened to them. This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this is this is a public service announcement from 1984 uh so I mean you know know know know know know know uh like. It was made by activists on a mission to make public public public public public public public the secret scourge of child well uh I mean uh well um abuse and this PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers well I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well therapists doctors popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at at at at at at at Crescent so well you know um you know like Adam Telfer in the news news news news news news news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 has like I mean okay okay um um um um um um um I mean been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets Markets Markets Markets Markets Markets Markets um you know you know uh uh I mean by sensor Tower Tower Tower Tower Tower Tower Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games like you know uh well well well well well well well well I mean industry dot Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million million million million million million million series GT so uh uh so well okay LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued valued valued valued valued valued valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you you know you know so like like like like like like like okay um guys doing? All right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going going going going going going going to rush through this so I mean I mean um like uh one, one, one, one, one, one, one, right? I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start with well well well well well well well so I mean so well well updates and I've got three quick updates. First of of of of of of of first of first of first of first of first of first of all got got got got got got got to give a shout you know well um I mean so so out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm well well well well well well well well you know well um I mean Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We We We We We We We are talking about what we I like okay well like um you know well well well well well well well to call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and and and and and and and well um so like uh okay we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano mano mano mano mano mano mano this week. We will also like you know you know well you know I mean of of of of of of of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week week week week week week week so I mean I mean so okay like we're going with something a a a a a a a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um so well exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
Today is today is today is today is today is today is today is is is is is is is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old you know know know know know know know like so you know so I mean Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced forced forced forced forced forced forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her well okay you know like okay um um um um um um um family out of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast so okay well um um um um um um um like okay original today. We're covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by by by by by by by I mean uh okay like okay okay Edward Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring politician politician politician politician politician politician politician with designs on the Turner uh um you know well well um family fortune. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My um um um um um um um my um my um my um my um my um my um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean like uh name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and we um um like well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets of well well well like okay I mean a salon owner, which is all about about about about about about about funny stories that focus of us have heard over um okay uh okay um well well well well well well well the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are we are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are going to bring to well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so well like you all of the funny stories you guys Us so so so so so so so if you've got any I mean okay uh so you know uh funny stories, please do do do do do do do email us and we'll give you the email address like um uh so so so so so so so you know you know at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy Lizzy Lizzy Lizzy Lizzy Lizzy Lizzy who's telling the first story? I will uh okay um so well so start with with with with with with with my first two because these are the these are the ones from you you you you you you you know well uh uh like so when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast um um um um um um um um like like so like called three days later, which if you know us we we we we we we we are the days like so uh I mean well you know with three beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to like uh like you know know know know know know know so okay bring them home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with with with with with with with our uh so you know uh well like three boys, and this is is is is is is is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every like so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh day almost every day. I get a text message from somebody that that that that that that that says hey, I uh so uh well I mean like have a friend friend friend friend friend friend friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them like okay um um um um um um um so you know I mean your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And well um um um um um um um um well so okay this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, and shh, and shh, and shh, and shh, and shh, and please keep in mind mind mind mind mind mind mind uh okay I mean uh I mean well. I do study Vedic astrology which which which which which which which is different than Western astrology. If I mean you know okay you know well well well well well well well well you were born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology well um um um um um um um uh you know okay I mean. And so if you simply Google the difference difference difference difference difference difference difference between Western and Vedic astrology, uh okay okay I mean well so there is a wealth of of of of of of of information on the internet. And so if You were like okay uh okay okay well well well well well well well to nakshatras a way to put it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay you know you know but I'm joined by as always League League League League League League League to go machine Martin grin and the okay you know okay well you know know know know know know know uh self-styled bad boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and and and and and and and mr. D'andr uh uh you know you know you know um Alpha. All right. But But But But But But But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all um I mean um um um um um um um um okay well know Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time big-time big-time big-time big-time big-time big-time manager in well so you know well well I mean the 80s probably also also also also also also also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on you know um I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around all-around all-around all-around all-around all-around all-around good guy um okay uh uh well okay. This is this is this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is from his book a lifetime's Obsession Obsession Obsession Obsession Obsession Obsession Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter well so I mean you know well I mean. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start start start start start like so like um um okay brushing on the top of your mouth on one side side side side side side side and brush a little circles you know so like I mean um um around each each each each each each each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay you know story of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped uh like I mean you know well you know know know know know know know Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat I I I I I I I mean okay you know uh so like that grew up in California and a a a a a a a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father his father his father his father his father his his his his his his his father his father uh so like you know uh I mean worked on a a a a a a a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family uh uh so um um um um um um um like okay didn't have much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew grew grew grew grew grew grew up and became um you know well like um like a school teacher. Switcher Switcher Switcher Switcher Switcher Switcher Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um like you know you know not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant manservant manservant manservant manservant manservant manservant nor his maidservant nor his well um um um well uh cattle nor anything that is is is is is is is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh so I mean Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for for for for for for for they do not interpret so uh like you know well um them as referring to to to to to to to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above okay um so like well you you you you you you you know they also thought that they had kept all those when they had done done done done done done done or not well you know like um I mean like done. The external act act act act act act act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it uh you you you you you you you know I mean okay I mean I mean be esteemed as Sin and forbidden forbidden forbidden forbidden forbidden forbidden forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where the the the the the the the uh okay well um um well Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter by um um um well like like like like like like like like Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in in in in in in in you know um so like um okay the short story lamb to the slaughter. This This This This This This This book was written by the prestigious okay I mean okay well well okay Roald Dahl. He He He He He He He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He like I mean so so so so so so so you know you know so is most famously known for writing Charlie and the the the the the the the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda well uh so like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a what a what a a a a a a a what a what a what a what a legend now, let's so like I I I I I I I mean like I mean like talk about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is is is is is is is waiting in her house well okay well like I mean okay for her her her her her her her husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual unusual unusual unusual unusual unusual unusual. He's drinking he's drinking he's drinking he's drinking he's drinking he's drinking he's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to you you you you you you you know like so um so uh say that you guys have been awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the um like so like like well well well well well well well reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I I I I I I I so so okay well uh you know wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story story story story story story story to send it off, but I wanted uh well like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 1081 1081 1081 1081 1081 1081 the two guys okay um like okay you know okay that didn't do a good good good good good good good comment, but I mean, hey they have their opinions like um so like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys you guys you guys you you you you you you you guys you guys you guys you guys have been amazing so I mean you know know know know know know know I mean uh well. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been I've been I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year year year year year year year. So a good like like you know well um like five months almost or or or or or or or more than five months. I'm not really sure but so well you know well um um um um um um um okay I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi everyone. It's you know so well okay um okay me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody and we'll uh uh you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt that they they they they they they they so okay uh I mean well like don't make Bulls go to to to to to to to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin you know like um uh you know you you you you you you you know Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of well so uh well well well musings with mr. Munsch. What's been what's been been been been been been been what's been what's been what's been what's been what's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might I mean you know know know know know know know well okay you know well have been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother Brother Brother Brother Brother Brother Brother. There is Sean Stephenson like um uh uh uh so. That's a that's a a a a a a a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a bit silly talk sports sports sports sports sports sports sports. Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, silly silly silly silly silly silly silly talk sports here. And we're uh you know uh like like so back. Once again again again again again again again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you like um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh around another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your your your your your your your Friday arvo little I mean you know um well I mean so bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob well I mean um um um um um um um um I mean like Thomason. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep keep keep keep keep keep keep going. Hey um okay I mean well like uh want to give a shout out out out out out out out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks well so like I mean um um um um um um um um. We actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this this this this this this this and we you know okay you know like I mean I mean were were were were were were were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet uh so so so so so so so you know you know you know okay and we've actually had a lot of people people people people people people people we don't know listen to um like uh you know I mean like it it it it it it it and people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis you know I mean you know well like well things for the first time time time time time time time. So thanks for caring if you want to send I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean you know us an email where he would love to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so um uh like you know know know know know know know like so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here I'm here here here here here here here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know um tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor you know so well okay uh I mean it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free like you know uh um you know um um um um um um um. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh like like like like like like like uh uh you know well phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for you, so it can be heard you know like well um you know know know know know know know um on Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well um uh um like um with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a podcast in one place uh okay so um okay well. Download the free anchor app or or or or or or or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello um like you know know know know know know know well okay uh and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast so so so so so so so like uh like um so. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I I I I I I I wanted I wanted I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know know know know know know know about the easiest um uh well like so so way possible to start start start start start start start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know I mean uh um actually having a service to host and distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute the show as well as software you know so like well okay well to record record record record record record record each episode for the longest time. I actually I actually I actually I actually actually actually actually actually actually actually I actually I actually I actually paid money to host okay okay I I I I I I I mean uh well um the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different different different different different different different podcasting platforms while okay like I mean you know I mean you know also using using using using using using using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives gives gives gives gives gives gives me like um um so well you know everything we need to record host and and and and and and and Ribbit our podcast for free either from um um you know uh so like my computer computer computer computer computer computer computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us like you know know know know know know know like I mean like I mean the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If If If If If If If you're serious about starting um like you know okay like so your own podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the okay uh uh I mean so so so so so so so okay anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
Welcome. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to to to to to to to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting like uh so like like like like like like like well so topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters meters meters meters meters meters meters cheater you know so like um I mean so cheater pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants liar liar liar liar liar liar liar pants liar pants liar pants liar pants liar pants liar pants per hire hire hire hire hire hire hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's no, it's I mean I mean um I mean well so / higher. Anyway Anyway Anyway Anyway Anyway Anyway Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here yeah, here yeah, here yeah, here yeah, here yeah, here yeah, here here here here here here here we are. Welcome back to another live stream so uh you know like well um um um um um um um / podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I mean you know know know know know know know I mean okay well I mean want to thank you. As if you're listening on a a a a a a a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
How's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it it it it it it it how's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode episode episode episode episode episode episode um okay like like well uh 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone Milestone Milestone Milestone Milestone Milestone Milestone and I'm okay you know so so I mean you know just so so blessed blessed blessed blessed blessed blessed blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all so um like like like like like like like like I mean um of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and and and and and and and this is episode uh so okay um okay you know 48 and today's subject is is is is is is is growth or Comfort. This is one you know so so like so well of of of of of of of his favorite subjects. You can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you you you you you you you can't you can't have both you have to make a choice. So okay well well well well well well well so okay uh like I can't wait to get started. This is my business partner partner partner partner partner partner partner. Mr. Alec science guys so uh well I mean um well. Welcome to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 48 48 48 48 48 48 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real um um so so so so so so so I mean uh okay estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last last last last last last last four years have built plenty I mean well well I mean you know you you you you you you you know of other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate fortunate fortunate fortunate fortunate fortunate fortunate like like um you know I mean um and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want like like like like like like like well well okay well I mean to thank you for your support and listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to each episode and I hope well well um I mean uh okay you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this one. If you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to uh so so well so um make podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's it's it's it's it's it's it's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your I I I I I I I mean so okay uh uh uh podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you know okay so uh so um you. So So So So So So So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more okay like like like like like like like you know so um well you can also make money from your podcast. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a so uh okay well uh uh successful podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like you know um at every touch point of you doing business with with with with with with with your customers give them 10 uh you know I mean you know so um times the the the the the the the value that they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five um like like like like like like like um okay okay okay AM Club. I spent I spent I spent I spent I spent spent spent spent spent spent spent I spent I spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote I rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote I rewrote I rewrote I rewrote I rewrote I rewrote it over over over over over over over so uh well okay you know you know 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the the the the the the the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this you know um like like you you you you you you you know okay is your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American American American American American American American money management, like you know uh I mean like um and I'm the lead lead lead lead lead lead lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought well uh well like um um um um um um um okay this episode was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a a a a a a a bunch of okay okay so um um um things that happened this week. So this this this this this this this so this so this so this so this so this so this is going going going going going going going to be a portfolio update episode so well like you know like well. Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, Obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay I mean um We've got Bob Iger. He's out he's out he's out out out out out out out he's out he's out he's out he's out at Disney and we also have into into into into into into into its so okay okay I mean so uh seven billion dollar purchase of of of of of of of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in I mean like um um um um um um um um um uh this podcast for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions well like well well like um of American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment investment investment investment investment investment investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private so uh like okay well you you you you you you you know accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush Bush Bush Bush Bush Bush Bush and employees well uh uh you know well well of amm in the the the the the the the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They so well well well well well well well okay I mean you know uh said that when Lee was running very fast and and and and and and and Tonto quite nervous that people are uh I mean I mean okay like like like like like like like um going to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one one one one one one one well like so well um I mean of us. I don't know. I think I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think it's in the souls souls souls souls souls souls souls of our DNA you know you know um um so like. We believe we believe believe believe believe believe believe believe we believe we believe we believe we believe we believe that there is is is is is is is this life we can live that that's just uh um I mean uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh a little bit further than where we are that if we get enough power we we we we we we we uh um uh well well uh can we can live this life that is extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary. And and and uh uh well so like uh so Way Way Way Way Way Way Way we think about this as we kind of got if I can give well well well well well well well um I mean I mean so uh all of myself and be disciplined enough in in in in in in in that career or that's Portal that okay I mean uh like you know know know know know know know you know hobby all that way of life. Then maybe then maybe then maybe then maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe then maybe then maybe then maybe I can get there and be okay like like like like like like like um um uh uh extraordinary. It's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind kind kind kind kind kind kind it's kind it's kind of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast series is based uh um so so so so so so so so okay like on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Publishing House like well um I mean uh I mean and youth Ministries websites websites websites websites websites websites websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay okay okay in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily daily daily daily daily daily daily time with him. Remember your remember your remember your remember your remember your remember remember remember remember remember remember remember your remember your daily so I mean I mean uh so uh devotion matters. March March March March March March March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 you know okay um um um um um um um okay so like through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices voices voices voices voices voices voices and cried and the people okay uh uh okay you know you know know know know know know know wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and and and and and and and the whole uh um I mean I mean like okay congregation said to to to to to to to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that that that that that that that our I mean um okay well you know like podcast is supported by by by by by by by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's okay I mean um so so so so so so so like well the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let let let let let let let me let me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools well you know I mean I mean um so that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or well okay you know uh okay well computer. I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um uh so okay distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts well um like I mean so uh and and and and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum well like like like like like like like well um well uh listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make podcast in one place download I mean well so like so like the free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now now now now now now now you know I mean so uh uh so back to the show. Wash up up up up up up up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat for episode 96 today over okay uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy from Dayton Dayton Dayton Dayton Dayton Dayton Dayton Ohio a um okay so um like okay guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on on on on on on on the okay well I mean um uh you know ups and downs we face in in in in in in in our lives as parents some humor and a I mean well well uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi and and and and and and and hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and and and and and and and like I mean okay I mean so so welcome to the parenting in in in in in in in the thick of it show. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your host Louise uh so okay you know okay I mean Clark a a a a a a a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as a mom you know I I I I I I I mean okay so you know like to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably probably probably probably probably probably probably been there done that and heard it all trust me, um uh well well well well well well well well okay you know they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand firsthand firsthand firsthand firsthand firsthand firsthand. I created this podcast because like okay uh like so okay I just love to to to to to to to help moms like you find ways to navigate life in the so I mean like like like like like like like okay you know you know thick of it and find a way out of of of of of of of it. You cannot you cannot you cannot you cannot you cannot you cannot you you you you you you you cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always always always always always always always writes uh you know okay you know uh you know after they get out of of of of of of of school about how they couldn't do their taxes well uh I mean you know know know know know know know like so and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why why why why why why why didn't somebody um you know okay uh uh well teach them do their taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes what you were taught that in school. It's so you know like so you know know know know know know know uh called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to to to to to to to add and like uh um you know so like subtract numbers. That's how you you you you you you you do taxes. You line you line you line you line you line you line line line line line line line you line them up in a column you I mean um um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is is is is is is is you were taught how well so I mean like you know so to follow directions directions directions directions directions directions directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed to read well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay like them. You read those directions and you follow them. So So So So So So So you were taught that uh I mean well okay well uh in in in in in in in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions you you you you you you you know uh um um um I mean and do simple math doesn't mean that you you you you you you you weren't taught that in school okay so uh I mean well like. It just just just just just just just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners you you you you you you you know okay okay so like you know may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially especially especially especially especially especially especially for children under 13. The small okay well well well okay you know wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within well well well well well well well um like like so like and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Mother Mother Mother Mother Mother Mother Leeds was in labor with um like you know so you know well her her her her her her her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that that that that that that that so um I mean uh okay uh she was a witch. She could barely feed the the the the the the the 12 pairs of eyes that watched so um like um um I mean on in in in in in in in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another this I mean like like like like like like like like um okay uh labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
Fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week the fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The world's number um so I I I I I I I mean okay okay like one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know know know know know know know his mother since I I mean uh okay okay so uh must mother has has has has has has has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend um so um um um um um um um so uh so. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked asked asked asked asked asked asked me a son well I mean uh um uh like you are doing this this this this this this this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very bad son well okay like like like like like like like you know well um all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this podcast bro. 31 episodes well well so so well you know bro. That's Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 a so well so uh you know know know know know know know like dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for for for for for for for all I mean well so like so well neighs now today. We have a very very very very very very very special guest now. I know it's a lot of um so okay uh um well well well well well well well you who've been listening. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been I've been I've been wondering when in this season I'm going to you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in sitting in sitting in sitting in in in in in in in sitting in sitting in sitting in my hotel getting ready so well you know so so so so so so so uh so to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and and and and and and and had a had a okay well okay well well like thought want to get out out out out out out out of my brain. Working on working on working on working on working on working on working working working working working working working on some you know functioning I mean uh I mean okay well well well well well well well well on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone message message message message message message message um well well you know I mean um me on one of my social channels channels channels channels channels channels channels about you know, struggling with a decision uh okay uh you know like um. They They They They They They They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get into um okay I I I I I I I mean so you know okay RN school and they just got accepted but the the the the the the the acceptance was was not ideal. They were they were they were they were they were were were were were were were they were they were going to have to travel. A couple acouple acouple acouple acouple acouple acouple hours commute the schedule.
Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are we are we are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are doing episode 2 uh um um um um um um um um um uh I mean. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't do that last like you know you know um like I mean time. My name name name name name name name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind I mean I I I I I I I mean like so like okay of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and I mean I mean I mean you know so so so so so so so uh with bedre, I am an actor. And I would say I'm I I I I I I I would classify myself an uh I mean you know okay like so artist because I imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing Margot. Robbie is robbie robbie robbie robbie robbie robbie robbie is robbie is robbie is robbie is robbie is robbie is you you you you you you you know um so I mean you know um emerging we can confirm. Yes, so so so so so so so I am an actor but I also delve into so so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast video okay okay so so so okay series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off. Wow well like um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has been it um um um um um um um um well I mean I mean I mean seems like all cards in general have have have have have have have gone up and a lot of the specific like well um uh so well cars that that that that that that that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone up significantly. So well I I I I I I I mean so um uh like let me break through those purrs with you because because because because because because because I think that's actually really interesting um I mean so you know well okay last last last last last last last week on the episode. I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was I was I was talking about how Luca don't you just base prison okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well I mean well PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was was was was was was was February 27th. Currently the last well uh uh well okay um three sales have have have have have have have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter it'll matter it'll matter it'll matter it'll matter matter matter matter matter matter matter it'll matter it'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
It's Alright it's Alright it's Alright it's Alright it's Alright it's Alright it's Alright Alright, Alright, Alright, Alright, Alright, Alright, Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your so I I I I I I I mean well okay well I mean host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm fucking pumped uh uh okay I mean like um right now dude, I'm so pumped right right right right right right right now here with me. We have a I mean you know you you you you you you you know well um um we have g hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back back back back back back back your job Mateo okay I mean well okay so well. Yeah, and he got Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, um um uh you know I I I I I I I mean um so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played podcast uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean like well well with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the the the the the the the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the referee for now now now now now now now and until eternity um so you know um you know um now long. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Stan I I I I I I I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey so well um like um um um um um um um um. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's uh well so so so so so so so well you know you know at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
Hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, hey Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners uh you know like so I mean I mean before we get into into into into into into into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor so you know so well well well well well well well uh you know. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way way way way way way way to make a podcast okay you know like I mean so well. It's free free free free free free free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know uh like tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from your phone um you know uh um like uh and computer makes it very simple and and and and and and and color distributes your pockets for you can be uh okay like like so uh heard heard heard heard heard heard heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with with with with with with with um uh okay so you know like no minimum listenership and it's everything you need need need need need need need to make a podcast right in well okay so like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F I I I I I I I mean well I mean like so like m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely just just just just just just just want to um well okay okay you know you know thank everybody for the support support support support support support support and for showing us so much love. It was it was it was it was it it it it it it it was it was it was uh like I mean okay um uh really appreciated and and and and and and and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic. Which is like like you you you you you you you know you know I mean you know which is my insecurities have anxiety. So So So So So So So you're probably why I asking like what okay well uh well so you know know know know know know know in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities having xiety? xiety xiety xiety xiety xiety xiety Well, like well, like well, like well, like well, like well, like well, well, well, well, well, well, well, like I mean uh like uh uh there's a lot of topics that go go go go go go go under insecurities and I feel like a okay well well okay okay um lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of people kind of take that in just one way which is like how how how how how how how I mean you know like so well you know you look compared to everybody else and and and and and and and like what you do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for for for for for for for okay like well well well uh the come. Follow me lessons of the Church Church Church Church Church Church Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints okay you know I mean so like so. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This like this this this this this this this like this like this like this like this like this like uh well um um um um um um um uh um episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom mom mom mom mom mom mom uses to make this podcast so so um well well uh. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting I mean well well well well well well well I mean uh well like. Anchor is free to use and they have have have have have have have a creation tool that allows you to so you know um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will will will will will will will also distribute I mean uh so okay like uh your podcast for you. So it so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it so it can be heard on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more well so like okay uh well podcast platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place you know I I I I I I I mean so uh you know like. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap Pratap Pratap Pratap Pratap Pratap Pratap FM to get like um I mean um um so started this week's week's week's week's week's week's week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be be be be be be be going through a uh well like uh you know um kemetic meditation. So the the the the the the the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying I mean uh uh you you you you you you you know you know uh down on your back with your legs lengthened out out out out out out out arms at your sides. You can um like okay uh okay um also do this this this this this this this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want to like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay I mean make sure that your back is flat up against against against against against against against your chair or a wall if uh um you know okay you know um you you you you you you you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have like uh so so so so so so so well like so your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees knees knees knees knees knees knees. So once you okay like I mean like uh so find either you're sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you to uh okay well well well well well well well like well I mean find your navel. So with so with so with so with with with with with with with so with so with so with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV well well well well well well well I mean so okay well uh top now let the buzz. What is up up up up up up up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our okay okay okay you know okay you know dare dare dare dare dare dare dare me after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode so so so so so so so uh so like well I mean 9 fog of War. This is the the the the the the the penultimate episode of this season things are I mean I mean like like like like like like like like okay uh getting so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Taylor grades okay you know so you know like like and I am joined by by by by by by by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have we have we have we have have have have have have have we have we have we have Ashman like you know like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon moon moon moon moon moon moon a hello winning in I mean well um uh um I mean that jean jacket jacket jacket jacket jacket jacket jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the you know um um um um um um um well well well uh adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm in the back. A so aso aso aso aso aso aso you you you you you you you know well uh um okay monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of of of of of of of this episode? This was I mean um well um uh um so emotionally thrilling there there there there there there there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat chat chat chat chat chat chat like uh so uh so you know. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to to to to to to to church Boy chat. I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I am I am Laura and today you um like okay I mean um um um um um um um um get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat oh cat oh oh oh oh oh oh oh cat oh cat oh cat oh cat oh cat is so great um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um um uh. I just want to let you know that she's one of of of of of of of the most loving and complimentary you know uh okay like well I mean people I've I've I've I've I've I've I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her with anything. I I I I I I I you know uh like uh okay okay am amazed by her constantly. So it's like like like like like like like Laura knows. My number one. Love language is I mean like well um um um um um um um uh okay words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures the best because full you you you you you you you know you know you know you know um I mean disclosure. This is the third third third third third third third time when you're trying my section and this is gonna so well okay you know you you you you you you you know I mean be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it real here here here here here here here so uh uh like like like on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real real real real real real real I mean so okay uh like I mean quick was just absolutely not no no no no no no no just try to see if I don't like you um um you know you know know know know know know know like like that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well you know you know you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to couple things with Sean okay uh I mean I mean okay okay and and and and and and and Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are well well well well well well well well uh okay so like excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of of of of of of of requests for people to clarify what like like um like well uh it is is is is is is is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages you know I I I I I I I mean well you know you know well So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, Languages, Languages, Languages, Languages, Languages, Languages, what ours are and why we I mean you know so okay you know um um um um um um um think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't mind writing writing writing writing writing writing writing the like so um um you know so show and subscribing to it it it it it it it on whatever platform you're listening that really helps us so I mean like like like like like like like like like like out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? I I I I I I I mean you know uh okay well like I'm good. How are you? I'm so good good good good good good good. So so good. It's been it's been a okay you know um okay like okay pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we recorded okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so uh um this coming episode. This guests this guests guests guests guests guests guests guests this guests this guests this guests this guests this guests really really early. We did we we we we we we we did. This is well okay you know okay like uh actually hints to everybody at at at at at at at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after I mean um so so so so so so so um okay like your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on on on on on on on a you know um uh okay well well little bit earlier this week week week week week week week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that like like so um uh like like like like like like like you know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro intro intro intro intro intro intro after like I mean uh like like okay we record the actual episode. Typically. We We We We We We We like to record the intro this I mean well you know okay you know know know know know know know uh this snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just just just just just just just the way um um well you know okay so it works. So So So So So So So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step the you know um um um um um um um you know like well I mean set this guess we didn't have time to yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
Hi everybody. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here here here I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast like okay so so so so so so so like well well hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a One-Stop shop when it it it it it it it comes to okay okay you know well well like Distributing your podcast to to to to to to to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You you know okay uh um um um um um um um I mean you know name it? They've got a way to distribute to it it it it it it it on top of you know um well well uh like that. They have editing tools tools tools tools tools tools tools baked right into the website makes life so much you know so um okay so like like like like like like like simpler back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay well well had to know how to record it where to to to to to to to record it how to upload it you know so I mean uh like like like like like like like like pay for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook I I I I I I I mean well you know I mean like you know you up with advertisers so so so so so so so that you can make money download the anchor app or go like like like like like like like um uh like so like to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to the tenants like you know um you know I mean well on the the the the the the the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean okay I mean uh Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access access access access access access access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you know so like I I I I I I I mean well you know you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean like like so favor. If you're interested in either of the the the the the the the two books that I have written and well well uh well so uh I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truth.com books books books books books books books uh well um um uh uh there. You can learn about both books one of of of of of of of which is free and you you know so uh uh you know okay can can can can can can can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released and how how how how how how how you I mean like uh like well you know can get it. I would would would would would would would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. What is up, okay so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. What is okay I mean so you know uh um this episode 98 of the the the the the the the podcast if to left to get to a hundred so um like uh okay you you you you you you you know. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I I I I I I I uh well like um okay uh don't know if it's going to work out but but but but but but but I'm trying but that's good. It's um like um I mean well um going to be be be be be be be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to rant a uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like so like little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This you you you you you you you know you know so so well so is fun to speculate a podcast where we we we we we we we speculate about wild and crazy ideas so I mean like okay so I mean. And And And And And And And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of of of of of of of okay you know like like I mean well fun to speculate. I'm your host host host host host host host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer Vlad you know you know know know know know know know well well okay I mean. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick sick sick sick sick sick sick last for the last you know you know uh so uh well episode. That's right. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually been I mean well well well well well well well you know you know okay I mean a while since we like sat here to do do do do do do do and episode 2 because um so you know I mean uh you know we recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like so like I mean nice little break in between and now we we we we we we we have to catch up and record one um like so like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love I I I I I I I love I love I love I love I love I love uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know you know this show. I love this show. I I I I I I I want this show. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I hope everyone well um I mean you know okay like in the world listens to to to to to to to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope uh um um um um um um um you know well you know okay a lot of people enjoy it. I I I I I I I hope we keep the topics coming in good um like okay so um uh thought-provoking thought-provoking thought-provoking thought-provoking thought-provoking thought-provoking thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is is is is is is is like okay okay I mean like well in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Denison's Denison's Denison's Denison's Denison's Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This so um I mean um uh um is is is is is is is episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm here to give um like okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you the scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests guests guests guests guests guests guests writing okay so you know you know you know uh me this week to to to to to to to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill well like you know so so so so so so so like like. Welcome guys. Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a sophomore sophomore sophomore sophomore sophomore sophomore sophomore like okay um so um well here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just just just just just just just an hour east of Campus. I'm on well uh you know I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an an an an an an an like I mean well okay okay okay admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago you know well so so so so so so so okay like okay. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man aye Man aye aye aye aye aye aye aye Man aye Man aye Man aye Man aye Man Gordon here today uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh okay okay with my friend and some fruits at your Dana as as as as as as as band. I were I were I were I were I were I were I were were were were were were were Dolph so you know you know um um well today is Brock Holt Samus game game game game game game game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot um well okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. It's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so hard for for for for for for for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined um I mean um uh you you you you you you you know um us on this journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and and and and and and and Bounds that so like you know um um so your dad and I I I I I I I could have imagined from the beginning when we set out okay you know well I I I I I I I mean okay uh to do this. Now before we go any further. We must tell you you you you you you you okay I mean so uh okay um we have to correct the time. Me of our our our our our our our virtual CM on Sunday, March uh I mean um you know I mean okay 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th 8th because we missed the fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean uh your personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring a special individual I mean you know so you know um um who also is is is is is is is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name his name his name his name name name name name name name his name his name his name is Alex Sheen like like uh so um like like like like like like like and he is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of of of of of of of like you know like um uh uh the charity is to give people the the the the the the the resources and accountability. They need they need they need they need they need they they they they they they they need they need to live with so I mean so uh like well courage courage courage courage courage courage courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would in so so so so so so so so uh I mean like I mean the interview, but for now, let's learn learn learn learn learn learn learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises so so okay well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need we need we need we we we we we we we need we need we need we need to make promises only um uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary Dictionary Dictionary Dictionary Dictionary Dictionary Dictionary A promise like uh well you know uh like is a statement telling someone someone someone someone someone someone someone you'll definitely do something or something will certainly happen in well like you know okay like like like like like like like so the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't really get surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised. I like so I mean well you know so guess there was a time. I think think think think think think think it was my 18th birthday that um you know you know so okay um that I had had had had had had had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed like you know well like like like like like like like uh you know it out a little bit the day up. But for but for for for for for for for but for but for but for but for but for the most part very very very very very very very like like um you know I mean you know few things surprise me. It is is is is is is is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples like you know okay well well well well well well well I mean I mean must. Have felt here towards the end of chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter 20 and the Book of John well like uh well I mean okay starting starting starting starting starting starting starting in verse 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean you know well you know of the week when the disciples were were were were were were were together with the doors locked for fear of the you know I mean uh so so so so so so so so you know Jews. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with with with with with with with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for for for for for for for Kingdom of the like you know okay um uh you know Giants.com today is is is is is is is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick Smith to gives it it it it it it it home so well uh okay so uh for the Belfast Giants 3 points or or or or or or or when a loss in overtime but a okay so you know so like uh little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of a better return to what we used to last number of like like so so so so so so so uh uh um weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn turn turn turn turn turn turn around We'll so um I mean you know well like see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of you know uh um um okay you know wisdom from the ancient philosophies of of of of of of of Greece and Rome. I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am I am Massimo pigliucci um uh like well like like a professor of philosophy at the City City City City City City City College of New York, and I I mean well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh will guide you through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on on on on on on on okay I mean I mean uh well um Cicero de finibus 331 The chief got got got got got got got consists in applying to the conduct of like uh I mean um like you you you you you you you know life and knowledge of the working of natural causes choosing what is in accordance accordance accordance accordance accordance accordance accordance well I mean you know okay okay you know with nature and rejecting what is is is is is is is contrary to it? In other in other in other in other in other other other other other other other in other in other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do do do do do do do you know okay you know like well I mean a meditation for the the the the the the the blue river in China. Now water now water now water now water now water water water water water water water now water now water has the ability to um well okay okay like you you you you you you you know carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to to to to to to to a body okay okay you know uh okay you know of water by healing healing healing healing healing healing healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as our guy I mean okay you know know know know know know know you know um uh. These consist mostly out of water. People who are are are are are are are connected with his water will also receive um like um uh um so the the the the the the the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to help people in China China China China China China China you know uh you know I mean so like to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this this this this this this this uh okay um okay you know I mean week. Okay, we're not even done done done done done done done with the I know you didn't watch the show, I mean so well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this okay, this okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, this okay, this okay, this okay, this okay, this has nothing to do do do do do do do you know so I mean I mean I mean um with anything we've ever talked talked talked talked talked talked talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened um like I mean like like like like like like like okay like to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, but but but but but but but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, I've been watching Love Love Love Love Love Love Love is Blind um okay um well you know so within the Pilar alert. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, okay so you know you know know know know know know know you know um me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past past past past past past past two days. We uh like well okay um okay were up till like o'clock in in in in in in in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren I mean um uh okay like like like like like like like uh. I'm emotionally I'm emotionally I'm emotionally I'm emotionally I'm emotionally I'm emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her her her her her her her drink okay uh I mean uh so I mean her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I um like like I mean um like do do do do do do do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just you know know know know know know know I mean well you know okay like he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man man man man man man man and but but he loves her very much uh you know uh okay like like like like like like like so. However today we made it to the last episode. We have we have we have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee with down okay like I mean okay I mean uh today. I've got got got got got got got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session of so you you you you you you you know okay so uh okay the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the coffee uh okay um you know so well first and then then then then then then then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and well so you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh where we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on on on on on on on a well okay I mean so uh you know Friday and I've got you a a a a a a a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're so you know like you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay in this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's okay, there's okay, there's okay, there's okay, there's there's there's there's there's there's there's okay, there's okay, there's a bit of a bar called so well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so Holly house in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I I I I I I I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out out out out out out out of like you know well so like uh your day to join us as as as as as as as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to well okay I mean like like like like like like like like um hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our I I I I I I I mean okay you know uh I mean you know investment team. Please note that this this this this this this this podcast is for educational purposes only career or well um like um okay okay investment ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well okay so I mean University the degroote School of Business or our partners partners partners partners partners partners partners all career and investment I mean like so um like so risk risk risk risk risk risk risk is undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay you know uh about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to um okay well you know so so make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, there's I mean well um I mean um so a lot of creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from so like like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So it you know like like I mean uh okay could be heard of Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there uh I mean so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and and and and and and and there's no minimum I mean I mean you know okay okay you know. Ownership required is is is is is is is everything you need to make a podcast all in one place? So uh so like like like like like like like I mean okay uh check out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- you know okay okay well like okay they have all the information information information information information information information there for you right there. So do it, like like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever just do talk uh like um you know you know okay about that for for for for for for for like that like mid break part where you put like an uh well well well well well well well you know okay okay uh ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and and and and and and and then you do the thing and um you know like I mean well uh then we we we we we we we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been you've been you've been you've you've you've you've you've you've you've been you've been you've been you've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Potter podcast like like you know uh you know well. We've been drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name Charles uh I mean well well well well well well well well so well and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood childhood childhood childhood childhood childhood childhood book that this well uh like I mean like uh time with added added added added added added added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 & 6 I I I I I I I mean I mean um uh so you know of Goblet of Fire. Correct name name name name name name name we discuss. Things that I can't remember at this moment okay well you know um um um um um um um well okay in time, but it's funny. I know I know I know I I I I I I I know I know I know I know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, okay yeah, okay yeah, okay yeah, okay yeah, okay yeah, okay yeah, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh so I mean and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make make make make make make make the strongest cocktail. You can drink uh I mean um so like you know know know know know know know it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is is is is is is is okay well okay okay I mean I mean Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are are are are are are are joining us from last week's episode. We okay we okay we okay we okay we we we we we we we okay we okay we okay so so so you know okay completed the first first first first first first first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make uh well like well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you fall in love and Soon into it. We realized we realized we realized we we we we we we we realized we realized we realized we realized that it was going to take uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well um you know a long time. So we split it up into two episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes and here you know I mean well you know I mean you know we we we we we we we are back for part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We We We We We We We you know so uh uh so you know give a little bit more more more more more more more context and I think what we've determined is that the okay you know know know know know know know uh like well well questions are getting more and more intense as they continue their their their their their their their broken into three sets I mean uh um uh uh uh. Definitely and definitely and and and and and and and definitely and definitely and definitely and definitely and definitely and we're in the middle middle middle middle middle middle middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my you you you you you you you know um I mean you know um like goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't know uh uh I mean well well like like Barbara Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann. Yeah, which yeah, which yeah, which yeah, which yeah, which yeah, which yeah, which everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, I mean uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mush mush mush mush mush so um you know um uh so mush mouthing the lyrics I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's yeah, it's one of one of uh um well so okay you know Jack's favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive um like like like like like like like you know um okay uh repetitive in like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh Josh Josh Josh Josh Josh Josh. This is like well I mean well you know I mean Tiffany Walling McGarity McGarity McGarity McGarity McGarity McGarity McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our listeners like you know know know know know know know um so so um voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone phone phone phone phone phone phone call to the you know um uh um uh I mean pitch room isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch okay so you know know know know know know know you know uh you know the likes of which we've never had on the show before before before before before before before. What does it pitch sound like so um like so like like before any any any any any any any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder so okay you you you you you you you know uh um I mean has is an idea and a gut feeling that that that that that that that that idea could turn into a well you know well um okay okay big business business business business business business business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all you have well like like like like like like like okay um you know well are a few scratches on the back of of of of of of of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This uh uh well so you know uh is the the the the the the the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join join join join join join join with I mean like uh you know like I mean me as Matthew Landry Landry Landry Landry Landry Landry Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win and like so so so so so so so I mean I mean um uh seems to duck out on me when Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama loses so glad to uh so um you know I mean um have you back back back back back back back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know like um here good to get a win so I can actually actually actually actually actually actually actually record today. So it's pretty so well um uh well so good pretty good good good good good good good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes like like like like like like like I mean like well like so but especially after losses. But today we're glad glad glad glad glad glad glad to be joined by Blake level well uh so like uh uh who's who's who's who's who's who's who's the host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter well you know so you know um well at Blake level and he he's someone that that that that that that that is Alabama fan by day uh okay I mean so I mean you know Auburn Auburn Auburn Auburn Auburn Auburn Auburn fan by night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and so so so so so so so well okay um okay I mean does a great job of covering SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How like like like like so uh are you you you you you you you doing boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after um um um um um um um so okay um so okay a win. What about me? I've got I've got I've got got got got got got got I've got I've got I've got I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions like uh so I mean I I I I I I I mean okay. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week week week week week week week has been like uh so uh well you know very interesting for me. I I I I I I I also like I've been dealing with some issues one you know um I mean so so so so so so so okay I mean can say towards in terms of anger in terms terms terms terms terms terms terms of when people would say like I mean uh like like well like Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be able um so so so so so so so um okay uh okay to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the the the the the the the positivity that um uh uh well I mean uh I also have inside. We all all all all all all all go through that I guess so how you know you know so you know know know know know know know uh so deep it does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like like like like like like like it's something um like I mean okay I mean well that like I sort sort sort sort sort sort sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
Good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good good good good good good good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be your your your your your your your like um well I mean so I mean host for our daily devotional a time time time time time time time for us to rethink refocus and to renew um I mean you know so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the and the and and and and and and and the and the and the and the and the memory verse is taken taken taken taken taken taken taken from okay um like so so you know John 7 verse 37. And it it it it it it it says on the last and greatest day of the so uh you know well so so so so so so so like festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who who who who who who who is thirsty so so you know like uh okay come to me and drink when we we we we we we we view the invitation to come to Jesus Through you know like well you know so so so so so so so I mean the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction well um um um um um um um um um well you know for Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we we we we we we we have a puppy you know you know okay like well well and he likes to to to to to to to get up really early. But today's a little bit different um so okay like like like like like like like like you know. I keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her her her her her her her story is going so so so well well well to resonate with so many of of of of of of of you out there. I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I want I want you to listen. This one this one this one this one this this this this this this this one this one this one okay so um you know well well all the way way way way way way way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know you know know know know know know know so um you know well like her pretty well at the end of this half half half half half half half hour episode this half hour goes so so um you know um uh by by by by by by by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't like like like like like like like you know um uh like um please share the episode people need to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear her story. They need they need they need they need they need they need need need need need need need they need to hear about um well you know um so so her her her her her her her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different storms that um um um um um um um um you know okay you know like have taken place in her life. Thanks for for for for for for for listening. Please let me know what you well I mean so um so so so so so so so okay think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about about about about about about about uh um like um I mean uh anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you you you you you you you are so missing out. Anchor is the easiest way um so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There There There There There There There are creation tools that will you know uh well I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your your your your your your your um um uh like I mean um computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So you um I mean um like um I I I I I I I mean can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything uh um you know uh I mean well. You need to make a podcast all in in in in in in in one place, so don't If uh well well uh I mean uh we anchor up up up up up up up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get like I mean I I I I I I I mean so like okay started. Alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome uh okay like you know I mean well back back back back back back back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so um um um um um um um you know you know um like so crazy to think that we've been doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this together for four weeks. I guess what um okay uh so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at at at at at at at least I mean you know um well I mean okay it's true for me. I I I I I I I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like so um uh music Joe. We're recording now start with me me me me me me me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the okay so you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean so like um in the show now usually might go go go go go go go we say hello and introduce the well well like well I mean I I I I I I I mean podcast and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have have have have have have have a guest uh uh well uh okay okay today. We're going we're going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to introduce him and let's let's let's let's let's let's let's go. That's right there now and now like um I mean I mean well well well well well well well uh should I play the music? Yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me uh uh you know okay um um explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your you know okay I mean um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast well well well well well well well well like like I mean well for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can um okay so so I mean okay make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make a podcast um um I mean uh well okay in one place. Hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped I mean like um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back to the the the the the the the like like okay you know um so galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to to to to to to to be here with you all. Whoo. Now okay like um um uh so the the the the the the the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes. It's well well well well well well well uh okay you know you know I mean been a while a long long long long long long long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be back. Thank so so okay um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so far well well well well well well well I mean uh you know I mean um and don't forget to And suggestions, we love love love love love love love getting feedback and getting suggestions as so like okay like um so far as as as as as as as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd like us I I I I I I I mean okay uh so okay okay to discuss. So we are in mind that that that that that that that if you are sending suggestions that there I mean okay um so so so so so so so so uh that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think think think think think think think you're being ignored. There are there are there are there are there are there are there are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna just wanna just just just just just just just wanna just wanna just wanna just wanna just wanna Just Wanna praise okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay so uh you. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy I mean um I mean so so you know. So their focus is all all all all all all all about execution of strategy. Okay, many okay, many okay, many okay, many okay, many okay, many many many many many many many okay, many people come you know uh um um like so up with great ideas. Great Great Great Great Great Great Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean okay countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till till till till till till till business plan or even set of like like um um well okay strategic plans and sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the okay uh like like like like like like like so um so problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why why why why why why why because they don't um like you know well so um really put extra effort effort effort effort effort effort effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
So I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of so so so so so so so so so well you know you know all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my my my my my my my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so anyway, so so so so so so so anyway, Mike like well okay well so okay I'm gonna ask you a a a a a a a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay uh like you know um so so so so so so so like. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking kill like uh okay like I mean like you because I was looking in in in in in in in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, you well uh um like like like like like like like like okay fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove prove prove prove prove prove prove the Earth is so okay so okay okay uh flat. He said he he he he he he he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He said I mean so I mean I I I I I I I mean like uh I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went went went went went went went off of it. Like here's I mean so uh uh okay I mean the rocket the the the the the the the pair she fell out class as we could have been a I mean um like um um um um um um um well you know fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a a a a a a a whole well you know I mean like okay so rocket bro. That's like we like like like like like like like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm be be be be be be be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl Izzie Izzie Izzie Izzie Izzie Izzie Izzie like okay uh you know uh like Wilson about time management and how she she she she she she she does it. So is he do you so you know well well like um find find find find find find find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay uh I mean very tricky to balance my time between the the the the the the the a-levels bought everything else had girl um um you know you know uh so so so so so so so duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when when when when when when when doing gcses uh I mean so I mean like like and a-levels. So I have have have have have have have some days where I meant to be in three meetings uh well you know know know know know know know like uh um at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need need need need need need need to have ways of um okay like I mean I mean so getting around that that that that that that that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an an an an an an an EF down. So well I mean well so um um happy to be be be be be be be here with you today the music in the background, you know, it's well so so so so so so so um uh you know so from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you grab a copy of so like so okay okay uh his new new new new new new new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you for um uh well well well well well well well like like um your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean okay um um to send your love prayers. And if you you you you you you you would like to donate to help um like like okay you know like them it's it's it's it's it's it's it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on they on they on they on they on they they they they they they they on they on the show is one of uh I mean you know okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay my favorite the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people people people people people people people so um well you know so so that were writing in our space one one one one one one one of my favorite friend. She's just she's just she's just she's just she's just just just just just just just she's just she's just hilarious I mean I mean I mean you know well I I I I I I I mean Melanie Shankle. She's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's she's she's she's she's she's she's a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so I mean so you know last week if called on the bright side side side side side side side and it is excellent. We jumped you know um um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like right in we haven't caught up in a little bit and and and and and and and I think I mean so uh well you know so you're going to enjoy just to to to to to to to proper catch up between good friends. So here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's a conversation with.
Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This I mean I I I I I I I mean uh like you know so is episode 7. I'm a to McFadden today today today today today today today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So um so um so um so um um um um um um um so um so um so um you know like I mean like I mean these these these these these these these are two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in college college college college college college college well well so um so well and we're all very different people but but but but but but but we get along like great and the thing is um well well you you you you you you you know I mean okay what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all all all all all all all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have uh so you know so um you know different different different different different different different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if anything that like like like like like like like um like like I mean um I mean makes our friendship what it is. So So So So So So So anyway nollie. If you could go ahead and I mean okay I mean okay you you you you you you you know so please tell me about your background how which like of course Walter My Religion Religion Religion Religion Religion Religion Religion I mean you know so okay okay I mean because I practice theravada theravada theravada theravada theravada theravada theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is okay so so so so so so so um well okay you know Ann Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I I I I I I I don't know you know like like well uh so why I made there be be be be be be be so many words in explaining what it is, but uh so so um um um um um um um you know so I think I've explained it properly in every episode so far far far far far far far. So in season one, so uh uh so so uh we were looking at at at at at at at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which so um I mean like you know know know know know know know okay is sort of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder so so so so so so so uh okay um uh I mean people this season we're looking at women leaders and how how how how how how how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
