6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show I mean like like like like like like like like uh I mean you know okay like start brushing on the top of your mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth on one side, but don't brush well okay so you know you know okay um um um um um um um um too hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about about about about about about about about different heroic I mean well I mean like like well okay women from history tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of I mean uh okay um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times times times times times times times times there was a so like you know okay I mean um okay kingdom in Asia called the the the the the the the the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called you know okay well well well well well well well well okay like so uh the cons and could a union was the daughter of the the the the the the the the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good good good good good good good good like you know you know um well uh like form before we get to talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts so so um okay so like okay. I I I I I I I I got to give a big thank you to the man on the phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone. His like um well okay so so um name is Don Brown. He is the senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior director of marketing Innovation you know uh uh I mean so um so for for for for for for for for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know know know know know know know know Don like okay so well well I mean like that you have a lot of of of of of of of of product not just in the Gulf side, but um like you know like um um um um um um um um you know so true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am I am I correct so so you know um okay okay so on all this before? before before before before before before before Before we get going. Yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that that that that that that that that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that is correct. So okay well well uh well well well well well well well well well so true Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Timber Timber Timber Timber Timber Timber Timber Sports until about so I mean like well um well so the middle of last last last last last last last last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I um I um um um um um um um um I um I um I um I um I um I um well so well well well well well well well well well well well lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it it it it it it it it okay okay okay uh uh okay um made sense for the parent company recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper okay so I mean uh I I I I I I I I mean you know like sports or to Templars were really just our golf golf golf golf golf golf golf golf division. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, we make a wide okay uh um like I mean like like like like like like like like you know range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff uh you know uh well well so okay winner and former General Captain Josh, right? right right right right right right right Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to the podcast been a while um well so um I mean so well well well well well well well well. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view you've gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone from 3/4 well um like you know you know like you know it goes to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, you know been very rare. You're not you're not you're not you're not not not not not not not not you're not you're not you're not you're not been on the scoresheet what's changed you know like you you you you you you you you know okay like okay well for you and your career since In a few few few few few few few few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting you know um um um um um um um um I mean I mean um I mean I mean down the top 31 Sports scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back uh I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay well to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles seles seles seles seles seles seles seles monica seles monica seles monica seles monica seles monica seles monica seles monica seles seles seles seles seles seles seles seles was only uh I mean um like so so uh two games away away away away away away away away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open uh well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know okay or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of of of of of of of of her problems as a crazed so okay okay so so uh so fan with with with with with with with with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is celes is celes is is is is is is is is celes is celes is celes is celes is celes is career for more shocking sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports well um you know uh okay like like events from history tune in in in in in in in in right here every day to our March Madness special well you know so you know know know know know know know know I mean um you know. Listen free listen free listen free listen free listen free free free free free free free free listen free listen free listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your your your your your your your your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals um like you know you know so so so so so so so so so like of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark well well well well well well well well I mean you know I mean well uh you know the podcast where a a a a a a a a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for so well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh like some reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we we we we we we we we are shifting a like um well okay I mean so okay little bit. We are are are are are are are are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but I mean like uh okay you you you you you you you you know okay okay we're going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping okay uh like like you know like well them out at the moment boys thing you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know about this episode is so like you know uh you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call call call call call call call call from okay well so like like um like a listener, even though this isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't life and we must stop what we're doing you know uh uh okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you you you you you you you you guys are um okay okay I mean well well so swept that is this If If If If If If If If is this the quad point is this or we getting cold so like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know like. I feel like this - I think this has the makings makings makings makings makings makings makings makings of a stitch-up you know okay you know you know you know so uh. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel chapel chapel chapel chapel chapel chapel chapel just as uh okay um you know like okay you know you just smack it down down down down down down down down six months because I it's been nagging us uh so okay I mean like um um um um um um um um uh for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough signal well you know well uh I mean well you know and like like like like like like like like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured structured structured structured structured structured structured structured okay uh you know you know okay so you know walks. It has helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think duration work okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so um uh like in general helps dogs anxiety. I think I think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think teaching a a a a a a a a dog how to do nothing so like um uh so okay um for long periods of of of of of of of of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a like you know well I I I I I I I I mean uh um I mean huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about about about about about about about about exercise on the well well uh okay uh okay I mean show, but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge so so you know like like like like like like like like okay like uh advocate of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed raw, but um uh like well uh you know well there's not too many good. Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a you know okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well well great how to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website website website website website website website website that you you know um well uh um well um can buy. It's like 1999 and you can can can can can can can can download it and and then we're big on well um well so okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay engagement games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog. Remember we're well um I mean so I mean well you know pet dog trainers trainers trainers trainers trainers trainers trainers trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we remember we remember we remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember we remember we remember we remember we remember we must share everything together together together together together together together together. Ladies um you know uh um well um okay and gentlemen, go go for for for for for for for for a wild wild ride with the want to see well like you know well okay you you you you you you you you know so cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your your your your your your your your for your for your for your for your for your for your for for for for for for for for your um well um well um um like own safety seen Faster Pussycat kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this on this on this on this on this on this on this this this this this this this this on this week's episode of the show. We have we have we have we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have a 3 Rojas Anthony is so so so so so so so so like um okay uh like so someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene. He has been on the podium so so you know uh you know know know know know know know know okay you know. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying like so I mean uh well so I mean to think of topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like you know wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my my my my my my my my wife. It's because I mean you know uh uh I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water water water water water water water water pouring in so like um um well um um a glass. What's up mother fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start so uh so I mean okay um um um um um um um um well this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We We We We We We We We we just you know so like like like well so started. It's actually been been been been been been been been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah like well you know know know know know know know know well like okay I mean. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to due to due to due to due to due to due to due due due due due due due due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this this this this this episode includes like like you know like um um I mean discussions of of of of of of of of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise so okay like like like like like like like like like okay well like Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was was was was was was was was a good okay you know I mean uh like like so day for fishing fishing fishing fishing fishing fishing fishing fishing though. The sky the sky the sky the sky the sky the sky the sky the the the the the the the the sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow melt you know well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so like from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's eLD Oregon's eLD eLD eLD eLD eLD eLD eLD eLD Oregon's eLD Oregon's eLD Oregon's eLD Oregon's eLD Oregon's eLD Oregon's long Tom River with with with with with with with with oxygen-rich water. It well it well it well it well it well it well well well well well well well well it well it well well like um you know well you know was was was was was was was was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in the the the the the the the the um well you know uh okay okay you know cold muddy water searching for a a a a a a a a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled down so so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like you know the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface surface surface surface surface surface surface surface something large uh so well uh okay um so bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so well so okay well trafficking this episode is going to be about about about about about about about about adrenochrome. And if and if and if and if and if and if and and and and and and and and if and if that has actually played so so like um like I I I I I I I I mean well a huge part in the human trafficking that we see in in in in in in in in America today. So we're well like like you know you know like you know actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about so so so so so so so so like so uh well I mean um how adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as as as as as as as as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We you know uh well you know know know know know know know know um like okay are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after after after after after after after after these you know I mean I mean you know well like you you you you you you you you know sponsored messages. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you you you you you you you you have heard okay like okay you know you know like I mean about anchor is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain I'll explain I'll explain I'll explain I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll explain I'll explain I'll explain I'll explain real quick and um you know you you you you you you you you know uh you know like like let you know that it's completely free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's these creation tools that allow you to well well okay um okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest so so so so so so so so I mean um uh uh okay okay friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better well so well okay you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a a a a a a a a well well like um so so well podcast where we sit with ourselves each other other other other other other other other and special guests to share uh okay I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um the Journey of going from said, bitch. That bitch in in in in in in in in this first episode Jay and I mean okay like I mean like um um um um um um um um you know I roll around the ideas. We have about relationship to others and and and and and and and and relationship you know okay well well uh so uh to sell for six years. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind so so you know you know know know know know know know know um I mean okay of have to go through and learn things over again again again again again again again again. It's the you know like so uh um like well world is because because because because because because because because you kind of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I mean so you you you you you you you you know so uh so I mean that's not really the real life. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been been been been been been been been I mean I mean you know you know like uh um told I have have have have have have have have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath okay I I I I I I I I mean um uh you know you know I mean the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful enough together uh um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um well to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push push push push push push push push it the I mean like so um well uh well other way tile friends. If If If If If If If If you want to change for better in this industry, okay okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like uh if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you you you you you you you you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi met Javi met Javi met Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi met Javi met Javi met Javi met Javi our job subsea up. Next I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh like you know like uh podcast is really puts fastest fastest fastest fastest fastest fastest fastest fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active Navajo you know know know know know know know know like um you know you know I mean well may be both active but healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on that like I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like well hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who who who who who who who who showed a well you know um like so you know uh total Bachchan Cooper Cooper Cooper Cooper Cooper Cooper Cooper Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the um like well so um um um um um um um um okay um trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay um uh um with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to unplug a so um uh well like so like podcast series were a child with with with with with with with with interesting people about their careers and their life and I mean I mean well well well well well well well well um like so like their families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So So So So So So So So make so make so make so make so make so make so make so so so so so so so so make sure that you stay tuned and follow you know I mean um you know know know know know know know know like uh um me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the the the the the the the the end and you know so I mean so like well you you you you you you you you know follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you you you you you you you you miss a um well well uh um well you know week Weak don't worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry. You can always come back. So make sure that you subscribe well um well well well well well well well well uh okay well okay that you shared this video this episode to your friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends your family to like okay I mean you know like okay uh anyone who has has has has has has has has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be more like you know know know know know know know know well I mean you know okay well than happy to send you a gift gift gift gift gift gift gift gift of more podcasting. So let's get I mean so I mean well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know like like like like like like like like you know so well so um well podcast. This is no l am am am am am am am am speaking. And today. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I'm going to talk about giving uh I mean you know you know know know know know know know know I mean uh you know up Perfection or this idea of perfection for for for for for for for for progress. And for peace. I think um well well so well like I I I I I I I I mean I think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that I I I I I I I I mean so okay like you know okay um. We are imperfect like Just it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's The Human Condition. I want you to you know well uh you know so so so so so so so so you know like know that every single person on planet Earth is not getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting it. All right, okay I mean well so I mean you know so so so so so so so so they may look like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of of of of of of of of their life uh okay um so okay so um that they're really focused on and and and and and and and and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm so uh uh you know well well well well well well well well well okay gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Well, like well um okay like okay like actually it's not not when you use use use use use use use use anchor anchor is a free app that allows like like you know you know like like like like like like like like so I mean you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need need need need need need need need is an idea. They've well uh I mean so I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need including including including including including including including including well um uh um okay okay like music to help you make a professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone um well well okay um well okay or or or or or or or or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM to I I I I I I I I mean like um like you know uh uh get started. In this episode we look look look look look look look look at very simple things. You can do in 5 minutes like you know know know know know know know know so I mean you know okay you know per day to start changing your your your your your your your your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cheese made um well I mean well you know um okay with only the freshest freshest freshest freshest freshest freshest freshest freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for you know okay well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big big big big big big big big ol should be you know well okay well so um so the only subject for for for for for for for for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia philadelphia philadelphia philadelphia philadelphia philadelphia philadelphia philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has been uh well um um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet Juliet Juliet Juliet Juliet Juliet Juliet Juliet lime. And today I'm okay uh I mean um uh uh um joined by Craig gains gains gains gains gains gains gains gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor I mean so you know know know know know know know know um okay you know like. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the the the the the the the the fucking Sun not just don't um so like well you know so um send him send send send send send send send send him off the Earth. What is what is what is what is what what what what what what what what is what is what is what is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you uh like like like like like like like like okay well well uh I mean note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say say say say say say say say cuz I love uh you know well so so um uh them a lot of of of of of of of of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do do do do do do do do well okay okay I mean um I mean well see Triple do see you want to to to to to to to to shoot podcasts. You want you want you want you want you want you want you you you you you you you you want you want to talk about like well okay um you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh some things you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and and and and and and and and okay so um okay well I mean I mean be a comedian. You just just just just just just just just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to uh okay well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know your mobile device is free and it's easy to use. You You You You You You You You can record while you're well I mean okay um so I mean so at home home home home home home home home. You can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can you can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work like like like like like like like like I mean uh well okay I mean like and you travel far distances, you can can can can can can can can record while on the road you don't um um okay I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well have to do it at home and it's easy to use you just just just just just just just just recorded episode you you know um um I mean well uh so publish it. It uploads all all all all all all all all the platforms that you want to use uh you know uh I mean um like well well well well well well well well it to and boom. You've got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are are you are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers uh well so I mean well you know okay your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show show show show show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth on one I mean well well well well well well well well well uh uh um uh side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we we we we we we we we talk about heroic okay I mean like I mean I mean okay well women from history history history history history history history history today. We have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we have we have the story of two heroines Helen Keller and well so so so so so so so so well um okay like you know Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who who who who who who who who are blind and deaf. Helen I helen I helen I helen I helen I I I I I I I I helen I helen I helen I mean okay uh okay um okay um um um um um um um um Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was was was was was was was was blind so like like uh uh so like and deaf which means she couldn't see see see see see see see see or hear her world was dark and quiet so like okay um um okay like Helen's Helen's Helen's Helen's Helen's Helen's Helen's Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't learn I mean you know I mean so so I mean I mean to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in in in in in in in in case we so you know so okay well so okay need the visual house is trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes I mean like well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad. We couldn't have um you know well um okay like okay we we can't publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because I mean you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um you know It's part of it is like the visual visual visual visual visual visual visual visual is at least you know, 30% so okay um uh you know so well of it. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to tell well well you you you you you you you you know so uh okay you know ya but the the it was still funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of well you know well well well well well well well well okay I mean you know uh March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all all all all all all all all about the latest in um uh um well you know so well video games and and and and and and and and entertainment recorded each. Week from week from week from week from week from week from week week week week week week week week from week from New York City and bounce around well like um okay well well well well well well well well like okay cables and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device device device device device device device device of choice I mean well well you know well I mean um. As As As As As As As As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know well like uh like copy but what my one and only co-host is is is is is is is is back. Yeah brizard yeah brizard yeah brizard yeah brizard yeah brizard yeah brizard yeah brizard yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah brizard like Chase Carter in so okay like you know like uh I I I I I I I I mean the house. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to to to to to to to to chase you um you know I mean you know okay like so guys that that that that that that that that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again for like um well well well well well well well well I mean um um well yeah step in there. It was it was dope dope dope dope dope dope dope dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber the the the the the the the the so you know well I mean um um like fateful day had finally arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived. His first child was about to be born as you know so uh I I I I I I I I mean like um well he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder thunder thunder thunder thunder thunder thunder thunder and a deluge like so so like well okay okay of rain spattering against against against against against against against against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of a prophecy you you you you you you you you know well I mean so so um so. He'd heard years before if if if if if if if if you do. Do this evil thing you shall have well so um like like like like like like like like like like well an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers of of of of of of of of blood so um okay you know okay you know I mean will flow. The heads heads heads heads heads heads heads heads of the mighty will fall your cities will be devoured by Flames. He shook shook shook shook shook shook shook shook uh uh uh I mean like like like his head. He couldn't think about about about about about about about about those words now his sin had already been you know like I mean you know I I I I I I I I mean like uh committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you you you you you you you you I mean like uh um um uh you know so much for tuning in listening. We We We We We We We We hope you like it. We I mean you know um I mean like like well well well well well well well well hope you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe to well okay well I mean okay you know I mean our podcast that will will will will will will will will really help us out especially here in the beginning okay well um okay um well well well well well well well well well. We're trying to grow this thing. This first this first this first this this this this this this this this first this first this first this first this first one really is just us talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about some like okay so uh you know I mean you know stories going to to to to to to to to get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing I I I I I I I I mean uh um well like you know uh with this. We hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope you like it. Also a also also also also also also also also a also a also a also a also a also a also a big big big big big big big big shout out to Eric so like you know like um okay I mean case case case case case case case case dude. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us well well well well well well well well um um so like um uh past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I I I I I I I I think we're on the well you know um uh like okay I mean right track track track track track track track track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's so um um um um um um um um so uh well well like something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure out how to well so okay well uh well well edit it and smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you you know so um um um um um um um um um you know you know so can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the the the the the the the the you know well okay um um uh I mean easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their um like well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone well um well okay so you know well or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer through their app. They will they will they will they will they will they will will will will will will will will they will they will distribute your podcast on anchor so that okay I mean um um um um um um um um I mean I mean um so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and and and and any other streaming service you can really well okay uh like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything you uh so uh so so I mean uh need to make a a a a a a a a podcast. In one place just on their app. So guys okay um like like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f m-- to get started like um like okay um you know um. What's up, everybody? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are glad and excited to uh well um you know know know know know know know know like I mean you know be back for episode 2 we out here recording just just just just just just just just having a good time. We well I mean you know uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today today today today today today today today like okay uh you know okay you know so. My my guest is Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City Royals um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well okay so you know and we are we talked about who who who who who who who who he thinks is going to win the okay uh okay you know uh well well well well well well well well well BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the the the the the the the the Royals and more so like uh uh I mean well um. It's another short one one one one one one one one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's segment um well uh you you you you you you you you know okay like um is going to be about five minutes, but the whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole thing's a whole I mean okay well uh you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But But But But But But But But well um well so well um like before we get into that, I'm just just just just just just just just going to cover. The oh, the oh, the oh, the oh, the oh, the oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, the oh, the oh, I'm just going like so well so you you you you you you you you know like like to run give you a rundown of the all the the the the the the the the games this weekend and I will I'm like um you know you know know know know know know know know well uh I mean going to talk about something else as well. So first game and and and and and and and and the Wolves beat the uh like um um uh I mean so so so so so so so so flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick you you you you you you you you know you know so um uh like um minute and talk about one of of of of of of of of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about well um you know so well well well well well well well well like okay anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me me me me me me me me explain like well you know you know well uh um it's free. There's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like I mean well from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for you. So it okay so so I mean like well like can be heard on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also uh you know you know know know know know know know know like you know you know well make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship Starship Starship Starship Starship Starship Starship Starship which is pretty huge you guys you know so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place place place download uh I mean like okay I mean okay well the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started um I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like I mean back to the show. Hey there, how are you? I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I hope you are having uh um um uh like well like an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly, really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to like okay well you know like you know okay all of our favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a like uh um okay like like like like like like like like you know uh premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on on on on on on on on every imaginable topic plus you so I mean I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users users users users users users users users can download well so okay like I mean like well episodes to listen to to to to to to to to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to uh so so so so so so so so okay so well you know uh with your friends on Instagram, so if you you you you you you you you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to well um okay okay you know I I I I I I I I mean so download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or browse podcasts like so uh well okay you know um in the your your your your your your your your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you you know uh well well well well well well well well uh so um you know never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This This This This This This This This is Optimal Health daily episode 949 you know so you know so so so so so so so so so um I mean mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um so um you know uh. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please please please please please please please please well okay okay uh you know um uh find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get get get get get get get get I get I get I get I get I get I get I get get get get get get get get you know well I mean okay like I mean well cornered into being the the the the the the the the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take well um okay uh um um um um um um um um so you know this opportunity to make a confession. I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't what I do have our our our our our our our our convictions. I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I have uh you know like well well well like theories. I have questions. I find find find find find find find find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't so um like so um like I I I I I I I I mean stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my my my my my my my my journey. It's I it's I it's I it's I it's I it's I it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's I it's I mean uh I mean well well I mean so become evident that that that that that that that that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to um uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um um become reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation visit Mike um you know well okay like you know you know Myers Myers Myers Myers Myers Myers Myers Myers show.com Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're so so so so so so so so you know so well okay you know um going to talk about Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want I want I want want want want want want want want I want I want I want I want I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni Jenni Jenni Jenni Jenni Jenni Jenni Jenni it's Jenni it's Jenni it's Jenni it's Jenni it's Jenni it's Jenni it's Jenni Jenni Jenni Jenni Jenni Jenni Jenni Jenni and uh well I mean like like uh you know I am ready to to to to to to to to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who has you know well well well well well well well well I mean like I mean okay uh just been arrested this week for the the the the the the the the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow um well I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so me at all then you know, I have said since day one the the the the the the the the beginning that okay you know you know I mean um so okay she was guilty get. T they they they they they they they they tthey tthey tthey tthey tthey tthey tthey call RT guilty, yes, we all knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew okay you know you know so uh well you know she did it it it it it it it it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be be be be be be be be brought so I mean like uh like um um to justice for what she she she she she she she she has done and be arrested and it has like I mean you know well well well well well well well well you know um so finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like uh um um well uploading it and putting it online. But now now now now now now now now we do it was kind of complicated like so so like I mean you know like like like like like like like like and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we went so so so so so so so so okay um okay um um I mean through a few different platforms, but but but but but but but but eventually we found anchor dot f m which is uh I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so I mean awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's got creation tools that allow well um so um like um like you to record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will you know know know know know know know know okay uh well I mean well well also distribute your podcast for you so it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify apple like you know uh um like like like like like like like like like you know pie. Podcasts all podcasts all podcasts all podcasts all podcasts all podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts all podcasts all podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum so okay okay uh well um uh listenership. So if if if if if if if if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess what you can so I I I I I I I I mean okay uh okay so well um make a couple of bucks from that and I I I I I I I I think it's worth it all you know like okay um okay like I mean the other other other other other other other other sites make you pay to upload your podcast and do not okay uh so so so so so so so so well well okay well get you money in the process. So it's everything that that that that that that that that you need to make I mean well like uh you know um uh a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot well so well well well well well well well well like um so so f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to to to to to to to to the one you know well so um I mean so you know Bitcoin show. Today is is is is is is is is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the 2020s uh you know know know know know know know know okay so um okay okay baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some some some some some some some some 80 percenters were talking about I mean so um you know uh so like it it it it it it it it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on confiscated Bible low low low low low low low low okay you know okay well I mean um like my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally have uh uh so so okay well okay Koozies in my nightstand in my my my my my my my my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies know send so well well well well well well well well like okay okay okay you know me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've like I've like I've like I've like I've like I've like I've like I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've like I stole that from Krista, so so you know like okay you know okay I I I I I I I I mean don't take it there. She'll take she'll take she'll take she'll take she'll she'll she'll she'll she'll she'll she'll she'll take she'll take she'll take she'll take it back. I know make sure you you you you you you you you give I mean like well I mean um okay so me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, Kuzey, Kuzey, Kuzey, Kuzey, Kuzey, Kuzey, Kuzey, please I will okay, and also I have TVs on um well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um uh my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they also have have have have have have have have random so I mean okay so like well you know Koozies from like friends weddings weddings weddings weddings weddings weddings weddings weddings that you've gone to I dig it. I dig I dig I dig I dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig I dig I dig I dig I dig it uh well like uh um um um um um um um um okay uh. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's it it it it it it it it may it may not okay um okay I mean um uh well even like like like like like like like like been friends. I don't know. I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding um well okay well like you know you know we did a koozie were who who who who who who who who could steal the most Koozies and Monty uh um you know um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and and and and and and and and we uh um um uh uh so well are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim aim aim aim aim aim aim aim our aim our aim our aim our aim our aim our aim our aim is to to to to to to to to provide you with well um you know um so okay um like research in sight sight sight sight sight sight sight sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean like okay I mean work and love yeah, we're just just just just just just just just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and um you know okay you you you you you you you you know um uh like everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just just just just just just just just wanted to introduce ourselves I mean okay um uh I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look like um um um um um um um um uh um okay so um well and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So So So So So So So So why should you listen to me? um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um you know um like okay you know know know know know know know know So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we we we we we we we we are okay um um uh okay um so what kind of identities we hold and and and and and and and and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh like like like like like like like like uh uh I mean well um so my God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific I mean well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think think think think think think think think he's okay. I'll go um uh um um okay okay well first because I I I I I I I I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see um so so so so so so so so well so okay um you know all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known known known known known known known known I mean uh so so so okay uh as polyphonic and you're listening to to to to to to to to horns and wings the podcast where we read uh well uh so you know uh so through through through through through through through through Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the um um um um um um um um I mean like you know I mean okay I mean question. Will we will will will will will will will will we will we will we will we will we will we will we make a a a a a a a a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He I he I he I I I I I I I I he I he I he I he I he I mean okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh okay said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still still still still still still still still works. Okay, okay okay I mean well you know I mean uh that's fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long okay you know know know know know know know know like like I mean um like was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Well, give well, give well, give well, give well, give well, give well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, give well, give me the name of so so so you know like like like like like like like like okay uh this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This This This This This This This This is a good well uh well um I mean so you know book book book book book book book book. I just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love you know know know know know know know know uh like uh like well well this cover this. You know what? No No No No No No No No joke, no joke, no joke, no joke, no joke, no joke, no joke, no no no no no no no no joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit we've hit we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've hit we've hit we've hit we've hit we've hit we've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U so so so so so so so so okay well so okay like uh s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here like uh like you know okay well you know for season 2 of of of of of of of of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a so um so um like like like like like like like like like so sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days days days days days days days days away from opening weekend. How well so well um okay okay so is your off season season season season season season season season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed well okay like like like like like like like like like like so like ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was um um um um um um um um so uh you know okay you know um like we're about to kick kick kick kick kick kick kick kick off and I was like, oh good like like uh um you know so like good good good good good good good good thing I woke up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing you know like um okay I mean well like God. I set my alarm. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy so uh well okay so so so so so so so so like so was like a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed showed showed showed showed showed showed showed I showed I showed I showed I showed I showed I showed I showed up up up up up up up up and I was like, I mean um I mean okay like you know well whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, we're like it's like what's happening? This is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is happening there soon as they you know know know know know know know know well so um uh um well beat Montreal. I was just like yeah, we're back back back back back back back back in the swing of things. We well we well we well we well we well we we we we we we we we well we well we well um um I mean I mean uh you know are are are are are are are are good for real back in the swing of things were back back back back back back back back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before before before before before before before before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted I wanted I I I I I I I I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to give you you you you you you you you I mean well I mean well like um well guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your like well like um you know well you you you you you you you you know favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account account account account account account account account necessary well so I mean um you know okay I mean Spotify has a a a a a a a a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to so so so so so so so so so um well uh okay you know right now and you can follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you know um you know know know know know know know know like um um so you can share what you're listening to with friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends on Instagram. And if and if and if and if and if and if and and and and and and and and if and if you are a so um you know you know well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where where where where where where where where you you know you know okay like like um I mean are. So if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify okay so uh um well well well well well well well well uh um app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab Tab Tab Tab Tab Tab Tab Tab and I mean um okay like I mean like um give us a follow. So So So So So So So So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's you know uh um okay you you you you you you you you know like you know see what we've got on The Ledger today. This This This This This This This This is optimal relationships daily okay uh so well um well like episode 647 what I I I I I I I I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like uh like uh I mean podcast with your host Michael piccante. My My My My My My My My name is Jordan sigh it and in this like I mean uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle gain, I mean okay I mean I mean you know you know um um um um um um um um essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that that that that that that that that they're well so um well well I mean you know building muscle as as as as as as as as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael um I I I I I I I I mean you know so I mean um like. This is not a one-take show show show show show show show show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute into you know so you know know know know know know know know like um I mean um the podcast and then I realized that we have have have have have have have have a little bit of a new setup I mean um like like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around around around around around around around around the I mean well uh so uh well so set up and I realized realized realized realized realized realized realized realized that I hadn't set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if if if if if if if if you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay so so um I'll say this till till I die. You only only only only only only only only you only you only you only you only you only you only you only have the the the the the the the the next breath. That's like you know like like okay uh I mean all you have. The current current current current current current current current the current the current the current the current the current the current the current heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat and the next breath. That's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all all all all all all all all that's all that's all you got. What's so um okay well you know uh well well well well well well well well up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for well well well well well well well well uh you know uh I mean so okay the people watching on YouTube for for for for for for for for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 uh uh I mean so like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay episodes on your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music music music music music music music music uh like like um okay like well. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 year 11 year 11 year 11 year 11 year 11 year 11 year uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well like you know like so old patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital hospital hospital hospital hospital hospital hospital hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He uh well like uh well like so would die die die die die die die die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean you know uh like to today and true-crime a par cast original original original original original original original original due to the graphic nature of today's uh like um you know uh well I I I I I I I I mean crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today. We're like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're like like like like like like like like we're like so well well like okay okay discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's Britain's Britain's Britain's Britain's Britain's Britain's Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later well so like I mean so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what hey, what hey, what hey, what hey, what hey, what hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, what hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's 's 's 's 's 's 's 's you know well okay okay um uh well I'm pretty energized right now. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just got off the back of doing some live well I mean uh okay okay um um um um um um um um um training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the um you you you you you you you you know like I mean um I mean well power of the internet and amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in well well you know I mean well well well well well well well well you know you know four places at one time. So very very exciting stuff and and and and and and and and that's kind of inspired um okay well okay I mean uh well. Is this little podcast that that that that that that that that I'm putting together for you today? But before but before but before but before but but but but but but but but before but before but before but before we get into that, um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so so you know uh I want to give a shout out so so so so so so so so over the last couple of I mean you know like well like like like like like like like like like um weeks. I've been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for so for for for for for for for for so for so for so for so for so for so for anyone that leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves a so uh uh okay like uh like review on iTunes and sends me over over over over over over over over a screenshot. I will enter them into a draw well okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like to win a little little gift from me. So I so I so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean you know um okay um spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling and aligned with their purpose. I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am I am I am I am your well um like okay okay I mean well well well well well well well well host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light light light light light light light light and awaken uh I mean you know um so um um to your truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share well I mean you you you you you you you you know so uh I mean so stories and deeply dive into what it means to to to to to to to to be a soul having a human experience you know well um so so uh you know know know know know know know know. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and and and and and and and and you know so you know you know uh okay okay healing energy emanating through through through through through through through through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I so well like um so so so so so so so so like like am back. So it has been about a month since my last episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode but I went so well like well you know I mean well off off off off off off off off to have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I was broke unemployed. I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I was I was I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement well well well well well well well well you know so you know uh uh well on my mama's new couch couch couch couch couch couch couch couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well so like. It all a money like my last girl. He He He He He He He He knees he knees he knees he knees he knees he knees he knees he knees knees knees knees knees knees knees knees are shot. The I mean I mean like okay um you know well top graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put put put put put put put put so I mean um you know you know okay like the ram in the ram slots driving the the the the the the the the larger Bay topped it off too so well I mean um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly cruelly cruelly cruelly cruelly cruelly cruelly cruelly assemble a well so like um okay um uh rig like a BP BP BP BP BP BP BP BP engineer. My friends and family smile is so um I mean you you you you you you you you know so well like working on make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat their words I mean like you know um okay uh I mean because because because because because because because because I don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining so so so so so so so so okay like um well okay I mean corn in my underwear. I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes okay so well uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick Rick Rick Rick Rick Rick Rick Rick me and digital well you know well like well uh like wallet for for for for for for for for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we just like like like like like like like like you know I mean um okay well I mean say that each week? We'll be bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing you a spooky tale. So you create some atmosphere um uh you know uh like well well well well well well well well um light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get in in in in in in in in this ghost okay I mean uh well so you know like pants or maybe some some some some some some some some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort done okay um I I I I I I I I mean you know well I mean so done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the the the the the the the the hell this is all you uh you know I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean like like to talk about my life experiences as as as as as as as as a model share my best tips and so well so I mean I I I I I I I I mean um uh advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity in uh like like um so well well the industry and so much more more more more more more more more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today so today so today so today so so so so so so so so today so today so today so today so so so uh um okay uh I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it it it it it it it it well okay well so you know so you know my Korean Courier. Well, first well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, first well, first well, first well, first well, first well, first well, first of of of of of of of of all, thank you so much for being here well well I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um and listening to my very first episode. I am so excited. I had had had had had had had had been thinking like you know so well well well I mean about doing a a a a a a a a podcast for over a year now and kept pushing uh so you know um um um um um um um um like so um it off, but I just had to do it Korean situation right right right right right right right right now is okay well okay uh well like like me and my bedroom under under under under under under under under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this this episode this episode this episode of the podcast is brought to you by by by by by by by by anchor if like uh well like you know um you know you don't know about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the platform that we use to make all like so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean you know of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to to to to to to to to make a podcast. Let me you know uh I mean well um I mean well just break break break break break break break break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing you have have have have have have have have um so okay like like um well to pay for it comes with all all all all all all all all kinds of creation tools so that like I mean um well you know well you know know know know know know know know you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your like like like like like like like like um okay uh so so well computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so so so so so so so so that it can be I mean well I mean I mean okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you you you you you you you you can um like well so uh well uh make money from your podcast right right right right right right right right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can well you know I mean I I I I I I I I mean um well well start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything that you need to so you know so you know well uh I mean make a a a a a a a a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go so so okay well well you know you know to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get get get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in well uh well um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um um well you know doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like like like like like like like like within a week of doing uh uh uh uh okay like well that and and and and and and and and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's bullshit it's bullshit it's bullshit it's bullshit it's bullshit it's bullshit it's bullshit it's bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit well um you know well um uh I mean. It's what's under bro. Come Come Come Come Come Come Come Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a a a a a a a a you know so so I mean well um like stick up their Friday 558 558 558 558 558 558 558 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh uh um uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby. What's your I mean um so so okay like you know secret? Welcome back back back back back back back back to another week of beyond the secret. My name my name my name my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name is so okay uh so um um um um um um um um well so Ace Fanning and I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's episode you know um well well so well okay it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said it's said it's said it's said it's said it's said it's said it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus okay so you you you you you you you you know so so uh like of solely if you enjoy this episode on on on on on on on on the stoic Greek philosopher and want okay uh so you know you know like you you you you you you you you know to hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our our our our our our our our series okay so so well well I mean uh famous Fates. You can hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow like okay you you you you you you you you know um um I mean I mean famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this this this this this this this this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes um uh well so well like so. What is it that that that that that that that that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not you know know know know know know know know um uh uh um uh I mean certain any man is who he thinks he is is is is is is is is. Well, sir, are you like like well I mean okay well okay not chrysippus chrysippus chrysippus chrysippus chrysippus chrysippus chrysippus chrysippus the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am I am I am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am it's about my you know know know know know know know know uh uh um okay you know okay son phileas. He is of the age that that that that that that that that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first first first first first first first first for three decades so so so like okay uh like. I've isolated myself that for for for for for for for for what what's the point of being six degrees from everyone like I mean you know um um um um um um um um well I mean well if all you really want is a best friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend. Well, I have finally found someone okay you know okay I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean. I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I have I have I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't think anyone could ever ruin you know well uh like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole stole stole stole stole stole stole stole what should have you know okay you know you know uh you know well well well well well well well well been my life previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't this wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't this wasn't this wasn't this wasn't this wasn't this wasn't this wasn't the Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin I mean like so you know uh well like Bacon. I'd imagine killing for for for for for for for for all those years. He was just some boring guy Rani well okay um um um um um um um um um well uh uh gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow made this it would take you know um uh I mean okay uh well his career career career career career career career career Kevin. You have to make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the the the the the the the the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left I left I left I left I left I left I left I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm uh well I mean you know like okay you know not racist today today today today today today today today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today we're like um you know know know know know know know know okay so well okay here with some little special guests and they are going going going going going going going going to be joining our conversation um so okay uh I mean I mean like on stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st. Francis I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay I mean so um well. Okay. And so I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess the first question is have you ever I guess experience well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know well well like a stereotype at least a racial one. And And And And And And And And if so, what was it so so you know um well so so and yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about um so you know okay so um um anchor get it is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain like uh so well like um um um um um um um um you know. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a so so so so so so so so so um uh um you know okay creation tool that allows you to record and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your um um like um you know you know know know know know know know know you know phone or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's not how like like I mean like like you know um we do it it it it it it it it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So like okay well okay well I mean um it can be heard everywhere. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many okay you know okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's I I I I I I I I mean uh well you know like okay like everything you need to make a podcast and and and and and and and and one place. So go ahead okay so so so well I mean you know and and and and and and and and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get get get um okay so well um you know um started. And now for the sun sun sun sun sun sun sun sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to you know well I mean okay well well well well well well well well well I mean tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for for for for for for for for music, I mean you know uh so um I mean okay but now guess what what what what what what what what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay um so um like podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could could could could could could could could okay what other episode no, okay like like okay well so well no, it's not not not not not not not not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To well um um um um um um um um um so I mean like uh another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? good good good good good good good Yes, that's yes, that's yes, that's yes, that's yes, that's yes, that's yes, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's yes, that's next time. You um you know well so you know so so so so so so so so like complain about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch so so so so so so so so like I mean you know like you know you know. All right. Well, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you so um you know know know know know know know know uh you know well okay how it's done, right? You know you want okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay do it. You know I mean well okay well you know well you know know know know know know know know you already did the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you I I I I I I I I mean I mean so well um um you know been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait to like uh you know okay like you know okay talk about this movie. But But But But But But But But this is a effin great. This was this was this was this was this this this this this this this this was this was this was this was like wow, you know okay uh um um um um um um um um um okay like this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one one one one one one one one of those uh I mean uh so um you know uh old can can can can can can can can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going you you you you you you you you know you know uh so you know uh you know to get into but I I I I I I I I know that it was a good movie because I'm so like you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a there's a lot to well well uh so um you know you know talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay so so so so so so so so you know well I mean I mean okay you know now, let's not get into it it it it it it it it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest films well well well well well well well well okay so okay so uh well podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting across from me is my God um you know um so well um um um um um um um um you know. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we before we before we before we before we before we before before before before before before before before we before we get started today. I just I just I just I just I just just just just just just just just I just I just I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly about like like so okay I mean well I mean Spotify on Spotify. You You You You You You You You can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can you can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast you know you you you you you you you you know well well so I mean um and one place that's for free. You don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't even need a premium account and well well well uh you know um um um um um um um um like that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a a a a a a a a little um you know um uh well well um bit these days. So So So So So So So So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like so I mean you never miss an episode you can share whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever you're listening to with like like uh okay so okay you know your friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to to to to to to to to uh like like you know well okay um offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like like like like like like like like me, you probably have too many you know you know well well well um um um um um um um um so. The apps the apps the apps the apps the apps the apps the the the the the the the the apps the apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't um so well I mean well like um done so already download the Spotify app search for for for for for for for for your favorite podcast on Spotify um I mean okay um okay so like or or or or or or or or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to you know I I I I I I I I mean well um um I mean so follow us on there. So you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to to to to to to to to episode 45 of uh well okay uh you know you know you know optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this this episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out okay um um um um um um um um okay I mean so okay you know mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream high fives, you know that sort of like like uh so so I mean you you you you you you you you know thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real nerds nerds nerds nerds nerds nerds nerds nerds I mean you know uh well like um like who offer expert guidance on things things things things things things things things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and side-by-side comparison I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um well I mean you know that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the the the the easiest like uh okay like okay okay okay way to make a podcast last explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain so first it's free and everybody loves free like I mean um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love love love love love love love love free things. So there's um um you know I mean so you know you know know know know know know know know also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from uh so I mean um so so I mean your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like um heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that that that that that that that that way people can hear your okay you know so um uh um okay podcast you you you you you you you you can make Money from your own podcast with no minimum listenership everything I mean so like like like like like like like like you know you know uh um you need to make a podcast all in in in in in in in in one place. So download the free I mean like okay you know I mean well I I I I I I I I mean anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everyone uh um so um I mean like so Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for um uh okay um okay I mean so C2 English level students students students students students students students students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey towards um you know like so so so so so so so so okay like uh Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the show and don't forget so like okay I mean okay like so to to to to to to to to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back back back back back back back back I mean uh well well um uh uh in today's episode. We are going going going going going going going going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency speaking okay okay um um um like like like like like like like like like paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked about about about about about about about about um like uh well okay like um the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting I mean um um um um um um um um you know so I mean like I mean as we breathe. Screams and Whispers Whispers Whispers Whispers Whispers Whispers Whispers Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of I mean I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay like life. You come you come you come you come you come you you you you you you you you come you come you come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And like like like like like like like like like well well I mean I mean uh I calm and you fall to to to to to to to to your knees and prayer. Moans and moans and moans and moans and moans and moans and and and and and and and and moans and moans and groans the um so like okay I mean well like like like like like like like like sounds of making love my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your breath the Breath um um um I mean uh you know you know of Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me like okay so uh like like like like like like like like uh um high higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really really really really really really really really you know I mean okay so I mean uh like appreciate your support support support support support support support support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in like um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh um this way by looking at the literal sense of the the the the the the the the text, which is well so uh so so well like something we don't often talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about enough, but we need to we need you know okay so uh I mean like like like like like like like like uh to talk about it more and today we're looking at. And really interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting well like so okay okay well well passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We see in in in in in in in in the gospels really so Matthew 17 well you know um okay well so okay 1 to to to to to to to to 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took jesus Took jesus Took jesus Took jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus Took jesus Took jesus Took jesus Took with him Peter and James and you know know know know know know know know okay like I mean uh you know I mean his brother John and and and and and and and and led them up a high mountain where they could be alone. There well well so so so so so so so so like so okay okay in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um so um so okay today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you know well uh um well you know um just just just just just just just just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew like like like like like like like like uh you know okay you know well I mean you'd want to say say say say say say say say the full title. Right love it before we jump into um I mean well so so so so so so so so like you know um this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself in a okay so um so uh okay so situation where you need help or or or or or or or or need someone to talk to please contact drain okay uh I mean so um like like like like like like like like so they are available to help you at any time. Their number is is is is is is is is 1-866-376-8255. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We We We We We We We We I we I we I we I we I we I we I we I I I I I I I I mean um I mean um well so so discussed a chapter from the the the the the the the the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World be warned um like like like like like like like like you know like okay you know um. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and and and and and and and and I'm Robin. We were really I mean uh you know so well well okay excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings you know know know know know know know know so well so um uh I mean about the original book theories, theories, theories, theories, theories, theories, theories, theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 okay you know well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements announcements announcements announcements announcements announcements announcements announcements and I mean so uh I mean okay like you know reminders is an interactive podcast. We We We We We We We We want to know your thoughts. So, please so, please so, please so, please so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, please so, please so, please so, please feel free well like so like you you you you you you you you know well um to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard wizard team on okay um so so um so you know Twitter to join the the the the the the the the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like uh you know guy in flying around donate to block us us us us us us us us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I I I I I I I I I mean um uh I mean so you know um don't know how you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for so you know so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um listening by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way uh I mean well well you know I mean well to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a okay um um um um um um um um well like so you know you know few people have reached out to me and asked for for for for for for for for advice on how to like um you know I mean like I mean you you you you you you you you know get their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best well well well well well well well well well you know I mean I mean like you know way to to to to to to to to do it. It's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to okay so so so so so so so so so so uh um like record and edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your your your your your your your your computer? You can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can you can have your fans you know well like um I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay leave messages. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you to those of you that have been doing that by the well well well well well well well well okay uh so like you know you know way, keep them come and keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um okay okay and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch more this so so uh so okay well okay um many channels that are are are are are are are are podcast is on some of them. I never even okay you know you know I I I I I I I I mean so you know so heard of so it does the work for you and you you you you you you you you can make money so okay like so okay well so from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening um um uh so you know you know you know to the modest artist podcast today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking with Loonette. Oh, all right so okay so you know um so uh. Keep in mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I well I mean okay like well um you you you you you you you you know gotta drink it. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you got okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like okay okay well I mean at the end. I'm Jon John. Jon Jon Jon Jon Jon Jon Jon Jon was a real quick. What do what do what do what do what do what do do do do do do do do what do what do like I mean well uh uh like um you play? play play play play play play play Play guitar. Okay again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right right right right right right right right well so uh um okay um like. I'm Carlos and I play drums. And I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I am am am am am am am am Daniel and I play the bass I mean uh um like well well you you you you you you you you know. All right, let's let's let's do a this is our first time time time time time time time time doing it like so well okay like I mean I mean with multi people can can can can can can can can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm procedure right? you know well you know uh I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven and a a a a a a a a okay so well uh so uh like half years and I'm currently an energy therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist but most of my focus goes um okay uh um um uh you know into into into into into into into into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago okay uh so so so so so so so so I mean like I mean I mean. It was really interesting because I grew up under under under under under under under under the time of Apartheid. And so like uh well you know okay so like like like like like like like like I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler so I I I I I I I I mean um uh like so um with me as always from Gamecock central.com the the the the the the the the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks like okay well so so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate I hate I hate I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate I hate I hate I hate I hate that you have to wear wear wear wear wear wear wear wear that albatross around well you know so well okay well like your neck, but but but but but but but but you had a busy weekend. He did he did he did he did he he he he he he he he did he did he did he did a lot of travel uh uh so uh um um um um um um um um well I mean. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication dedication dedication dedication dedication dedication dedication dedication to traveling so so you know well well I mean um and I sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, I mean well well well well well well well well like I mean I mean uh well but I'm being serious because Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday you were in Colombia. You covered you covered you covered you covered you covered you you you you you you you you covered you covered you covered the baseball um so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the the the the the the the the basketball okay um like like uh like like game. And then you said you you you you you you you you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts like so like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover okay uh um I mean well like you know the baseball game then came back back back back back back back back to Colombia. And the now you I mean so you know okay I mean I I I I I I I I mean okay are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull don't pull don't pull don't pull don't pull don't pull don't pull don't pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not you know you you you you you you you you know you know okay I mean uh okay necessarily stay or reflect those of the the the the the the the the company and its management for their more the views and okay um so so so so so so so so uh uh well uh opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season season season season season season season season um like you know um well okay uh 1 episode 17 the rivals rivals rivals rivals rivals rivals rivals rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what I mean okay like well like like like like like like like like well so is actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the the the the the the the the um you know well so uh I mean like all see which is a a a a a a a a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of uh like um okay well well well well well well well well okay like toast. Hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 something so okay like you know um I mean um years of age age age age age age age age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue dialogue dialogue dialogue dialogue dialogue dialogue dialogue on musician's health uh you know okay like so I mean well and wellness. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really cold down here. But But But But But But But But so but so but so but so but so but so but so but but but but but but but but so I mean like well okay you know so here we are. We are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad back in the podcast Studio at Loyola um so okay like uh like so University New New New New New New New New Orleans for episode 7. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been really excited and looking forward to to to to to to to to uh uh okay so um like you know this episode for a long time and and and and and and and and I'm thrilled to announce that our you know well I mean I mean um you you you you you you you you know so guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to to to to to to to to welcome um you know well like I mean okay um you to my nerd Marine Marine Marine Marine Marine Marine Marine Marine. No, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating Edge you know so well I mean so so uh today. We'll speak about jumping jumping jumping jumping jumping jumping jumping jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back uh well so so okay I I I I I I I I mean uh everyone in 2008. I had I had I had I had I I I I I I I I had I had I had I had the amazing opportunity to take a train train train train train train train train up the well well like okay well well so California coast from Los Los Los Los Los Los Los Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've now I've now I've now I've now I've now now now now now now now now I've now I've now I've been on a train before like um okay um um um um um um um um you know like well. But this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you have you have you you you you you you you you have you have you have you have you have you ever thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought about starting you know okay uh okay okay you know like your own podcast? podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's uh I mean you know know know know know know know know um um like like the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and and and and and and and and foremost, it's like well so you know like uh okay free. That means no no no no no no no no money out of your pocket. Anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor has anchor has anchor has creation tools that well um I mean so like like like like like like like like um like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or computer. It's just so I mean I mean uh you know uh I mean that easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify like so well I mean well well like Apple podcast and many more the soap soap soap soap soap soap soap soap opera royalty podcast is on eight different. Forms all forms all forms all forms forms forms forms forms forms forms forms all forms all forms all forms all forms all um I mean well like like like like like like like like so I mean you know thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from from from from from from from from your podcast and you don't have to have so uh like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one okay like uh so okay like I mean place. So what do you you you you you you you you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? you know know know know know know know know like okay well like uh uh F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um I mean okay I mean you know a couple of weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those for those for those for those for those those those those those those those those for those for those for those of so so so like I mean so well you you you you you you you you that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't uh uh well well well well well well well well well well so uh notice but we did promise that it would be worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth the wait. So before we uh well so well so okay like get into into into into into into into into it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma I mean uh you you you you you you you you know well uh um well and Mike as always so M. How are you I'm fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine. Excellent and Mike, how okay okay I mean like I mean um like are are are are are are are are you? I am also fine. Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make um um um um um um um um you know I mean well like like I mean sure the world goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another and so well so well like um um um um um um um um like we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes robert Grimes Grimes Grimes Grimes Grimes Grimes Grimes Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes robert Grimes so so so so so so so so well um like uh I mean like who is a physicist cancer researcher researcher researcher researcher researcher researcher researcher researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, um okay uh um so uh okay which which which which which which which which I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I did actually say it it it it it it it it like okay I mean so okay so I mean to Mike off air as well. It It It It It It It It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was I I I I I I I I mean like um um well okay okay very traumatized after seeing a man turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn into some messed up organism right in like um like like um well like front front front front front front front front of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean like like okay uh again. And again, it was so dark in here here here here here here here here that I had to use the you know well I mean you know know know know know know know know well uh you know small lamp on the table next to me. They really need need need need need need need need to fix uh okay like okay so so I mean the lights here. Yeah, I also also also also also also also also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other um um like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh than traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be be be be be be be be a uh well well like so uh um great shift. The first thing I tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried was to walk out but I could see you know well well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like I mean okay okay Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody who listened to the last episode like I mean so so like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I'm you you you you you you you you know well okay um um okay so going to be doing something a little little little little little little little little bit different I am going so I'm trying well you know uh like uh I I I I I I I I mean like to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of film and I mean I mean I mean like I mean like you know know know know know know know know put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay like like to put it I mean so I've been looking into into into into into into into into like I've talked about in the I mean okay like well you know like well past past past past past past past past I talked about in the last episode that I really am a big fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan you know you know I mean you know you know um um of the Bowman Bowman Bowman Bowman Bowman Bowman Bowman Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the um I mean so uh like like like like like like like like um okay ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics statistics with the I mean uh so okay like I mean um PSA Pop reports and then then then then then then then then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what um you know know know know know know know know well you know um okay uh I got, so like I was looking at at at at at at at at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have have have have have have have have um okay okay well like I mean you know to open up milk cartons cartons cartons cartons cartons cartons cartons cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your treat your treat your treat treat treat treat treat treat treat treat your treat your treat your treat your treat your I mean okay okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay fling flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this this this this this this this this is uh uh so like I mean um um to do. Go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Bolton. Oh and you know uh you know okay uh um I mean I have have have have have have have have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise uh um so so so so so so so so so so um so known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas to you. What's well you know uh okay okay uh I mean your name Chris? Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the you know know know know know know know know you know you know you know like okay I mean casino tables young and montero's montero's montero's montero's montero's montero's montero's montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. They okay well um um um um um um um um um like well um call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And And And And And And And And it's Sydney. I I mean like I mean like okay so like like to to to to to to to to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get I mean so so so so so so so so um well so okay so into and a pause in between there. Let's get get get get get get get get out. There's a problematic pause like um like like you know well uh as they they they they they they they they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well so uh if you wish and there you go you are without without without without without without without without electricity today. So we're you know uh I mean you know like I mean well going going going going going going going going to try to make this a brief show. I know you're working on battery I I I I I I I I mean I mean um well you know like like power over there. So I have have have have have have have have a good signal and I have plenty of power so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so uh like. So I think we're good to go. And so and so so so so so so so so and so and so and so and so and so and so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad you you you you you you you you know uh well like so well well reputation for everything they do they get get get get get get get get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond uh you know like you know know know know know know know know okay uh like industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation generation generation generation generation generation generation generation and none of um um so you know um um like them are immune from job job job job job job job job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that I mean well so well well well well well well well well so okay you know these facts about Job hopping aren't at all all all all all all all all what they seem here are a few common um you know okay okay I mean well well well well well well well well you know ones and how to combat them. One Millennials one Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials one Millennials one Millennials one Millennials one Millennials one Millennials one Millennials change jobs after after after after after after after after one year one myth you know well well uh I mean well like that that that that that that that that some might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from from from from from from from from okay okay I mean so well well I mean job to job because we're never never never never never never never never satisfied but data from the US Bureau um like like you know like you know so of of of of of of of of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so well well did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign sign sign sign sign sign sign sign me you know um so I mean you know uh so up. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am I am I am I am the owner of like well like so um I I I I I I I I mean okay seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been I've been a reseller for about about about about about about about about half a year. I've created you know so so um like like like an Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the um um um um um um um um um I mean so well I mean well community here. I will talk about all all all all all all all all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the well you know well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help help help help help help help help you enhance and you know like so okay well so so possibly pick up up up up up up up up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a so you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay like reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to pashing together with your host host host host host host host host Christina Dean. Today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning like like like like like like like like like okay well well so I mean all about indefinite articles in the the the the the the the the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys you know okay well well well well well well well well well well like uh are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how how how how how how how how they are used with okay you know you know I mean uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are you know know know know know know know know okay so so okay uh you know Back again for another English lesson, lesson, lesson, lesson, lesson, lesson, lesson, lesson, welcome back. For those of you who okay you know like uh you know uh I I I I I I I I mean are new. I want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica and I'm well uh I mean um uh you know you know an American English English English English English English English English teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like like like to speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey jockey jockey jockey jockey jockey jockey jockey it those uh uh I mean I mean well I mean you know know know know know know know know militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my my my my my my my my favorite podcast like I mean like okay so uh so. The friends cares cares cares cares cares cares cares cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very distressed I mean well well well well well well well well uh um um so you know Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the kahane well you know um well I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career path I I I I I I I I mean um uh like so okay so. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations relations relations relations relations relations relations relations are linked up. Ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies bodies bodies bodies bodies bodies bodies bodies ski bodies ski bodies are 90 so well well well so uh uh Arjun made made made made made made made made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did not um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so um you know I mean last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, um um um um um um um um like you know um you know uh well March 6th 2020. I wanted to to to to to to to to touch base with all of you because it I mean so like I mean so so so so so so so so well well feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though though though though though though though though we've been on um I mean uh I mean I mean you know uh spring break break break break break break break break. I usually I usually I usually I usually I usually I usually I usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses I mean I I I I I I I I mean you know uh um I mean okay. So if so if so if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if so if you have a friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend or relative a classmate who's in the in um I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well well your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass pass pass pass pass pass pass pass please pass please pass please pass please pass please pass please pass please pass this this this this this this this this information on to I mean you know like you know you know so so so so so so so so I mean them or tell them to contact me so I can send them them them them them them them them the link. This is I mean I mean so um um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean important information that I want all of you to have. It's going to be be be be be be be be um well okay like um so okay even more important than usual for us to to to to to to to to be in communication for you uh I mean uh you know okay so you you you you you you you you know to have good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like uh okay well. You need you need you need you need you you you you you you you you need you need you need you need to get in the habit of checking your your your your your your your your BC email. You need to well well okay well like I mean so check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been it's been a while hasn't it? I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so sorry that I have have have have have have have have um so um you know uh um like a neglected you guys. I'm really really really really really really really really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and um I mean um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is is is is is is is is Series like um you know you know um I mean like 2. So So So So So So So So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some so well well well well well well well well um okay okay um uh really really good guests lined up for you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys to listen to and I I mean um so so well well so so so so so so so so hope you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean like uh um uh the podcast and you'd like to to to to to to to to come on please to give me a message because um okay so you know know know know know know know know I mean well like I'd love to chat to you before we start. I I I I I I I I just wanted to quickly just mention uh okay I mean so well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just to to to to to to to to so okay you know well you know well uh be kind remember people have have have have have have have have things happening behind closed doors. And if and if and if and if and if if if if if if if if and if and if and if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is the podcast dedicated to so so so so so so so so you know um you know I mean okay well exploring in a realistic and and and and and and and and hopeful way what it's like to live with uh uh like you know you you you you you you you you know okay uh borderline personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine Celine Celine Celine Celine Celine Celine Celine and I am um so you know um you know well okay your host host host host host host host host for this podcast. I want I want I want I want I want I want want want want want want want want I want I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of like you know know know know know know know know uh um you know okay so the Podcast which is that this is is is is is is is is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health I mean uh you know you you you you you you you you know well you know you know and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of of of of of of of of support if you uh okay okay like okay like uh need them. And I also also also also also also also also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast last podcast last last last last last last last last podcast last podcast last podcast last podcast last podcast last podcast in this month's month's month's month's month's month's month's month's uh um you know I mean you know um so episode. We've got an interview with with with with with with with with John Rudd who is a national performance director so well well okay so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay at swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth so um um well well you know well some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth and now a little bit about what like you know well you know so like so so so so so so so so is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do I do do do do do do do do I do I do I do I do I do I do need to to to to to to to to apologize like so well I mean I mean so like for the quality of some some some some some some some some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted you know um well like uh uh um to welcome you to our one one one one one one one one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new way to um uh like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward as you you you you you you you you know, like well okay I mean uh I mean uh the legislative session is in full full full full full full full full swing. Our budget plan was formally submitted and approved uh well I mean like you you you you you you you you know uh um in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we also, we also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, we also, we also, we also, we also, we also, we presented our budget budget budget budget budget budget budget budget uh okay so like okay um so before several committees. Although the vote on on on on on on on on the amended FY 20 budget has not okay um um so like I mean okay yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have so okay you know know know know know know know know um you know like um been made to our budget up to this point. This This This This This This This This is a positive step um uh um so well uh you know for the department department department department department department department department and helps us better plan and assess our word the next steps well um um um um um um um um like okay so like okay will be for the legislature to Begin work on on on on on on on on the fiscal year 21 budget um you know like uh okay I I I I I I I I mean um and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We've okay uh um okay well I mean okay selected those we fell to the the the the the the the the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with additional so okay um well well well well well well well well well um you know Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition tradition tradition tradition tradition tradition tradition tradition. There's a wide variety well uh you know uh like like uh across sources are are are are are are are are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with well you know um um um um um um um um well like so so but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate uh okay so you know like you know um um um um um um um um not to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and night night night night night night night night. He um he um he um he um he um he um he um he he he he he he he he um well okay you know um well well was filthy hungry. And for the first first first first first first first first time in his life alone. Oh long oh long oh long oh long oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh long oh long oh long oh long arrows foot uh uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well uh hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be be be be be be be be deaf and assumed like okay well well I mean like like to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like um well you know like global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star star star star star star star star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so um like is an American film and television Studio. They are best known known known known known known known known for producing the um well well um uh I mean well Marvel Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you I mean like like like like like like like like uh okay you know I mean okay back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition Edition Edition Edition Edition Edition Edition Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be uh like so you know so so so so so so so so okay like talking about today's topic. Back in back in back in back back back back back back back back in back in back in back in back in July 2017 my mother Amy Amy Amy Amy Amy Amy Amy Amy and I took a um you know uh uh um you know uh trip to to to to to to to to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware uh you you you you you you you you know uh I mean um so uh of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, himself, himself, himself, himself, himself, himself, himself, so I wasn't expecting my life okay so like uh like uh um to be be be be be be be be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's okay um I mean you know okay um uh almost three years of of of of of of of of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older than me like um you you you you you you you you know like like okay so back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for for for for for for for for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just it just it just it just it just it just it just it just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to Good better best okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know you know okay okay I mean the number one sports gambling gambling gambling gambling gambling gambling gambling gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and place well um I mean um um um um um um um um I mean so I mean where sounds come out of your ears and your ears ears ears ears ears ears ears ears biggest supporters of Dirty Bastard uh um so you know so uh you know know know know know know know know out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change it it it it it it it it you know um um uh um so I mean up because the Mojo Mojo Mojo Mojo Mojo Mojo Mojo Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the pics okay well um well well well well well well well well okay okay um were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out out out out out out out out of um you know uh I mean um so uh the money song that that that that that that that that that one money song that we've been using boy. You um you um you you you you you you you you um you um you um you um you um you um you know I I I I I I I I mean well so you know um better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB ODB ODB ODB ODB ODB ODB ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know I mean well like you know of TV talk now. It was was was was was was was was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne like uh like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well. I have Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to to to to to to to to go um so um like like well well out and ready and Alexis. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual well you know okay um you know you know so. And as you may have have have have have have have have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming okay um um so so so so so so so so so well okay a because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if if if if if if if if you're like uh um uh so uh well hankering for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show like like like like like like like like you know well so uh uh okay. Yes. It's no longer the for Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life training cards podcast and video series we you know like well you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really I I I I I I I I really I really I really I really I really I really I really appreciate you you you you you you you you guys um so uh I mean I mean okay so tuning in and let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video and well well I mean so so so so so so so so well I mean well podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds Rebounds Rebounds Rebounds Rebounds Rebounds Rebounds Rebounds and 10 assists on okay you know um you know uh I mean well the the the the the the the the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports okay um um um um um um um um okay I mean um um you know card market and Luke advantages Market Market Market Market Market Market Market Market in general. What are some undervalued cards uh uh so I mean um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of is right. Now that now that now that now that now that now that that that that that that that that now that now that people can go out and buy based on what um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um so okay okay his base prism PSA tests. We going we going we we we we we we we we going we going we going we going we going we going for see see see see see see see see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and so so so so so so so so you know okay like so okay I mean everything in between when my clients come come come come come come come come into the color grading sweet to work on um well so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so their projects. They sit they sit they sit they sit they sit they they they they they they they they sit they sit they sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know like I mean day or weeks on end depending depending depending depending depending depending depending depending on the project those clients might be directors writers producers or uh like um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our our our our our our our our work. On the on the on the on the on the on the the the the the the the the on the on the project we you know okay well so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color but not necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily uh you know I mean so well well uh and that is what the color couch couch couch couch couch couch couch couch is all about. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a a a a a a a a it's a it's a glimpse behind okay um so you know so you you you you you you you you know I mean the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about color from time to I mean you know you know so like like like like like like like like um like time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay uh uh okay Shop for everything related to night vision vision vision vision vision vision vision vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news um so okay okay okay okay uh coming out out out out out out out out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr so so so so uh well like. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not much and I've got to say folks that like well okay um uh um well well well well well well well well was very impressive that he got all those words out because that was was was was was was was was his fifth so you know well well um okay um attempt and the first four four four four four four four four times all he was trying to say is hey y'all okay well well well well well well well well um um I mean like so welcome to the late night vision show and that that that that that that that that he Fumbled it. We this is a um you know uh I mean like you you you you you you you you know uh this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, problems, problems, problems, problems, problems, problems, problems, it has to well so I mean like well you know well well well well well well well well be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man he um um um um um um um um okay um you know um well so was fumbling. So I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make well okay you know um okay so you know a podcast Let Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get well uh um like like like like like like like like um um okay anything better at something that's free. There's also there's also there's also there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's also there's also there's also there's also there's also creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you to record uh well you know I mean I mean uh so and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute like like like like like like like like um uh uh well I mean uh your podcast for you. So it so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it so it so it can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple uh um like well I mean you know um um um um um um um um podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to with so I I I I I I I I mean uh um okay well well no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast at podcast at podcast at podcast at podcast at podcast at podcast at podcast at at at at at at at at one place I mean um uh you know like I mean okay download the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started started started started started started started started um so you know okay like like uh. Once again that's anchored on FM to to to to to to to to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed like you know well so so okay well well well well well well well well with the boys and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming at okay like well um well so okay you week three, but four you you you you you you you you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've um well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know uh had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? Nancy Nancy Nancy Nancy Nancy Nancy Nancy And this so you know well so you know like um is a sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the beginning okay well okay well well well well well well well well you know well um of a fresh new start which means a whole nother nother nother nother nother nother nother nother month a whole nother I mean um like okay like um like 30-something days days days days days days days days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week week week week week week week week the well so like okay um like um following week. You have a 30-something days and get get get get get get get get your money up. And yeah, let well you know okay uh uh okay so them them them them them them them them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby. Shout out out out out out out out out so I mean okay uh okay um you know to all the birthday babies babies babies babies babies babies babies babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive defensive defensive defensive defensive defensive defensive defensive listener I mean okay uh I mean okay well so discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 1978 1978 1978 1978 1978 1978 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo Maura stared you know okay well like I I I I I I I I mean like uh in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking him to so you know okay okay you know uh um work when the the the the the the the the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door flung open like like like like like like like like like like so like like uh Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged dragged dragged dragged dragged dragged dragged dragged across the Narrow Street. He shouted let you know you know I mean like like like like like like like like so okay so me go. What do you want from me? But his captors captors captors captors captors captors captors captors didn't reply. They I mean uh like like well like um simply shoved Aldo into into into into into into into into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off. Inside the so well like okay like like like like like like like like like okay car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him him him him him him him him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the the the the the the the the so uh like like well um so body lacks. We got a special guest. So So So So So So So So what's up, Bob? Good talk I mean like I mean well so well well anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just just just just just just just just she just she just she just she just she just she just she just just just just just just just just well um um you know um well okay ate shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her her her her her her her her applesauce. Let them know but All right, so okay uh okay okay uh like like like like like like like like you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what what what what what what what what so what so what so what so what so what so what so what what what what what what what what well uh I mean like so okay you know we talked about today today is is is is is is is is a good one today. Just not back when I'm so you know uh so I I I I I I I I mean um uh gonna say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just just just just just just just just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations like congratulations like like like like like like like like congratulations like congratulations like congratulations like congratulations like congratulations like congratulations like uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh um on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be be be be be be be be going to um I mean uh uh well um well 3, right. War War War War War War War War really war really war really war really war really war really war really war really really really really really really really really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you um okay so well like I I I I I I I I mean I mean Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third third third third third third third third Olympics after each Olympics um I mean so well okay okay like. Do you take take take take take take take take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42 I I I I I I I I mean like uh well you know well you know. Now, if you've been following us us us us us us us us over the past couple of episodes you well um I mean like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay would have noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, uh I mean so like I mean well um we've already had dr. Chuck Matias Matias Matias Matias Matias Matias Matias Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then um okay well like like like like like like like like so like well we had Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and and and and and and and and on this episode like you know well uh so uh okay. We kind of continue that that that that that that that that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera you know like okay um um um um um um um um well you know um. Joining us joining us joining us joining us joining us us us us us us us us joining us joining us joining us and she talks about the gift of of of of of of of of hunger. Now the Lord so I mean so um like like like gives this to us us us us us us us us as a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth well you know um um um um um um um um um uh um like of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining us right here with you well um you know like you know okay you know know know know know know know know guys. So your mom you're a loving wife and you've been here. I hope I I I I I I I I mean um um well like um well for a long time. So you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating um I mean well well so I I I I I I I I mean like the gift of hunger. So you're going to kind of just unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic of pediatric like um like uh I mean well like elbow dislocation from the Pediatric Pediatric Pediatric Pediatric Pediatric Pediatric Pediatric Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur uh I mean you know know know know know know know know well well like so in older children defined as between 10 to 15 years years years years years years years years old and can be associated like well so um like so like with other other other other other other other other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh like um fragment treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief brief brief brief brief brief brief brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an um you know well well uh you you you you you you you you know okay serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make make make make make make make make up three uh you know um well okay I mean like to six percent of all pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is um okay okay okay um like like like like like like like like you know 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year year year year year year year year olds. And these well uh like you know okay I mean um are very very very very very very very very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of a pediatric elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow well uh you know well um okay you know dislocation is typically a fall onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today um okay like I mean okay so you know we're going to talk about about about about about about about about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to you know well so I I I I I I I I mean well um well introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know know know know know know know know me. I'm a board certified Family so well like um uh I mean like like like like like like like like Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 patients patients patients patients patients patients patients patients a like um so okay I mean well okay day and the office I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll still go to the hospital and usually have a uh uh um like okay like um um um um um um um um census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So So So So So So So So literally well okay um okay you know okay well my patients have been very worried worried worried worried worried worried worried worried about the core virus and to be honest so so um you know um you know know know know know know know know um who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the the the the the the the the like like okay I mean like okay like easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which uh like so uh uh well well well well well well well well well uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you to like uh um um well like uh record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast I mean okay so I I I I I I I I mean okay so you know for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more like okay I mean well um uh uh Or you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything like like well uh okay well okay that you need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in one place download the free anchor I mean well well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If If If If If If If If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well okay like uh I mean. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are we even going to come up like you know okay okay um well well with with with with with with with with a name for this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay well um coach clients and additional content creators have expressed interest interest interest interest interest interest interest interest in starting their own podcast. So you so you so you so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you know okay so you know know know know know know know know like I mean well this is something that is interesting for you. Let me me me me me me me me talk to you about like uh I mean um so like I mean my favorite platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh I mean well free. There are tools that allow you to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from so okay I mean uh you know like so so so so so so so so your phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on on on on on on on on like I mean I mean well like um um my phone and uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the you you you you you you you you know I mean um okay um like okay podcast for you. So it goes to to to to to to to to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others okay well okay um you know okay well well well well well well well well at this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of so so so so so so so so um um you know okay well you know challenges a lot of obstacles and these were were were were were were were were the business Mentor comes in with enough you know like um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay experience experience of 26 years. I'm here I'm here I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to guide you you you you you you you you join me as I well like so okay like like uh go along you're joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business well I mean uh I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay so mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- you know, when I began uh so okay you know um like I I I I I I I I mean my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to to to to to to to to do like well like you know you know you know well it engine. Oh when when when when when when when when oh when oh when oh when oh when oh when oh when oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today today today today today today today today the so well well like okay you know well lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so so so so so so so so excited to introduce you to her. She is well okay so uh uh well um a a a a a a a a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted well um um um um um um um um I mean you know so um well to bring her in today because I am am am am am am am am getting so many questions about ways well okay I mean like so so so so so so so so so uh to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self self self self self self self self and frankly. I don't um you know um well um well well feel qualified to to to to to to to to talk to about that but I do think that Kathleen has okay okay like you you you you you you you you know um uh okay a wealth of knowledge. So hi so hi so hi so so so so so so so so hi so hi so hi so hi so hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi well okay okay okay I mean so well everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am okay so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like you know a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband husband husband husband husband husband husband husband Tom and so uh you know okay okay I mean um I live live live live live live live live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well uh so okay okay and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in in in in in in in in studio to my right is called Snodgrass you know uh uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up up up up up up up up guys and gals to uh well so uh you know I mean like his his his his his his his his right is Omar. Hey guys hey guys hey guys hey guys hey guys hey guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys hey guys hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it going? going going going going going going going you know you know you know you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know you know well I mean I mean um I mean so There? It is is is is is is is is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can hear okay well you know know know know know know know know uh um okay so him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And And And And And And And And then tonight we well like uh uh okay well I mean welcome on a very very very very very very very very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my so so so so so so so so okay I mean um um um um boo my love in the building. Let them them them them them them them them know who you are girl. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's you know you know like like so like like good? good good good good good good good It's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's Gina Gina Gina Gina Gina Gina Gina Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him tell him tell him tell him tell him tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell him tell him tell him who you are. Like, what do you um like like like like like like like like so like well you know I mean do like what U into U into into into into into into into into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I do. I okay I okay I okay I I I I I I I I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay so you know okay like I I I I I I I I mean uh don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, I I I I I I I I kind uh um well I mean uh I mean uh of do a a a a a a a a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists um um so like like like like like like like like like you know like. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why why why why why why why why I brought you here girl okay uh okay um you know so like. Yeah, you do everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything just like me like I dont limit myself. I make like you know uh I I I I I I I I mean um like okay candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of of of of of of of of making medicine to yeah, so okay you know um you know like um and I worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are are are are are are are are well I mean okay I mean okay um like you doing hey, how how how how how how how how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right I mean uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well so. What do you want to talk about today? We got we we we we we we we we got we got we got we got we got we got we we we we we we we we got a breakdown. I know I know I know I know I know I I I I I I I I know I know I know uh you know I mean uh you know I I I I I I I I mean like there's not much stock boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but but but but but but but but cardiac like you know like okay um um um / comeback kids come back. You You You You You You You You know what that game room. Okay, I so like so uh you know um um believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe off the where we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes okay um um um um um um um um um well uh so so ago were talking about house like a toxic relationship and and and and and and and and I was starting to get sucked so well um I mean uh like like like like like like like like I mean back in. Yep. And then I think you were to it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like when fully back on okay um I mean uh like okay um board is fully back back back back back back back back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast like like like you know know know know know know know know so like okay. I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been hurt too many uh um uh uh like so I mean times by by by by by by by by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but uh like like like like like like like like like like you know uh okay I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told told told told told told told told I'm fully back. You're fully you know you know um like uh you know know know know know know know know well back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked sucked sucked sucked sucked sucked sucked sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked me in that Columbus Columbus Columbus Columbus Columbus Columbus Columbus Columbus game okay uh you know so um uh uh. Got me back to to to to to to to to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes on the big I mean okay uh okay so um so burn from the the the the the the the the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in a horrific so I I I I I I I I mean like I mean I mean you know well two-day wildfire that burned burned burned burned burned burned burned burned three million Acres. It would change the way people looked at I mean well so so so so so so so so so okay like you know firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the the the the the the the the u.s. Forest service like I mean I mean okay like uh you know to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you get get get get get get get get you know you know uh um um you know I mean your podcasts. Due to the the the the the the the the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme so like uh so well so so so so so so so so okay Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 1910 I mean like um like so you know okay Forest ranger Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush well well well well well well well well I mean um like I mean like um on a ridge above the town of of of of of of of of Wallace, Idaho. It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining me again, you know so well I mean um well like and we are chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started like okay so so so so so so so so uh so so so the painting that I talked about last week. I have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have finished and now now now now now now now now I'm sharing you know so you know I mean I mean so so all all all all all all all all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so okay okay like uh practice when I get to the finishing stage stage stage stage stage stage stage stage speaking of starting and finishing this podcast I mean well well okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you um um um um um um um um like like like so like well will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to to to to to to to to finish. So if okay well okay so so so okay you'd like to see see see see see see see see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes like so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like click on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon code. The okay like you know okay I mean so uh coupon is 20 in Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on okay um um uh um um um um um um um um okay so that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom offsets okay okay so like um like well. Whether this is your first time tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you so so like uh well well like uh much for for for for for for for for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me um okay well well well well well well well well okay okay I mean well is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for for for for for for for for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse um I mean well well like uh um me. If If If If If If If If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean I mean uh I mean. It's a podcast presented by custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we talked well well so well well well well well well well well I mean um so to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or or or or or or or or events. So yeah, we well uh uh okay okay I mean um just kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension custom offsets well well well well well well well well so like so so I mean well is the place you're going to want want want want want want want want to head on over to you can find us um like well like uh okay so so so so so so so so at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know I mean I mean uh pretty cool. So we're teaming up up up up up up up up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host host host host host host host host Doyle I mean so okay okay like so so an angel man has has has has has has has has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking I mean um so I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean you know week yesterday was it was sick the the the the the the the the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got so um I mean I mean well well well well well well well well uh okay with us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself then? like so so okay well uh well Now but yeah, that's kind of of of of of of of of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity like I mean I mean so so so so so so so so um well so was on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and and and and and and and and beyond if you didn't well like uh well well so well if you didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure well so um like um um so was it was if you didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what uh well um uh you you you you you you you you know uh like you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um okay I mean so me explain. It's a proof. There are are are are are are are are certain tools that allow you to uh so like like so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like okay you know um distribute your podcast for you. So it so it it it it it it it it so it so it so it so it so it so it can be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and so okay okay like like like so many many many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you well well well well well well well well um so well um um well need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place place place. I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want want want want want want want want to ask you uh okay well okay well um like a question. Are you you you you you you you you living the life you want to live? Everybody has everybody has everybody has everybody has has has has has has has has everybody has everybody has everybody has everybody has a dream uh okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean life. We all have that picture in our mind not that that that that that that that that life. You want to um so okay uh I mean uh uh live my my my my my my my my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most uh most most most most most most most most uh most uh most uh most uh most uh most uh most uh I mean like like like like like like like like okay like you know okay people would say no. Well why the answers are are are are are are are are often somewhere close to well uh okay you know uh so okay it seems impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those I mean okay so I I I I I I I I mean I mean um uh kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go go go go go go go go um so uh so um well okay Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon once upon once upon once upon once upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon once upon once upon once upon okay so I mean um uh you know so a a a a a a a a time in Taipei. There are there are there are there are there are there there there there there there there there are there are there are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received an um well well well well well well well well uh uh so well so invitation to a medical conference in London. So So So So So So So So he booked his ticket but due to you know I mean you you you you you you you you know um so uh um the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport. As a as a as a as a as a as a as a a a a a a a a as a frequent flyer okay so um well uh well um and a gold gold gold gold gold gold gold gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for him. On like on like on on on on on on on on like on like on like on like on like on like so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like okay the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment podcast uh like okay I mean uh well uh the art of of of of of of of of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry who who who who who who who who you know you know uh you know um um so are ready to stand stand stand stand stand stand stand stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a community okay um I I I I I I I I mean well uh I mean I mean that elevates each other and makes a true true true true true true true true and lasting impact on this world so I mean I mean like well I I I I I I I I mean um. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here um so I mean like um well well today with a special guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never called you know okay okay you know you you you you you you you you know like like you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name name name name name name name name right? so um you know like like I mean so You did. Whoo. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, like so I I I I I I I I mean like well so so let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said said said said said said said said mommy said mommy said mommy said mommy said mommy said mommy said mommy said my business business business business business business business business name is you know so like um so I mean well starboard editing and and and and and and and and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to you know so you you you you you you you you know I mean well you know uh our leadership series for 2020 for international women's women's women's women's women's women's women's women's day as part of this series. We've sat we've sat we've sat we've sat we've sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat we've sat we've sat we've sat uh you know okay okay so you know um um um um um um um um down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and and and and and and and and you know you know like well I mean uh well what makes them tick additionally additionally additionally additionally additionally additionally additionally additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for uh I mean um um um um um um um um like so like uh international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for listening. In okay in okay in okay in okay in okay in okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay in okay in okay I mean like okay okay you know I mean today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the the the the the the the the Davidson group you know uh so like so so like Jackie has over 20 years years years years years years years years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them being in well uh like like like like like like like like well okay you know you know senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working working working working working working working working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod I mean uh so I mean like so so. We hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of of of of of of TV um okay you know you know I mean uh so talk now. It It It It It It It It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video you know so so so so so so so so uh okay you know you know uh new gossip. I cannot wait to just just just just just just just just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super okay like um um well um okay show show show show show show show show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II well um okay um um um um um um um um um okay like just they stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of of of of of of of of your Oseland and tree like okay like um uh I mean okay and to to to to to to to to my immediate left. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like I mean okay like Daddy love having you here. So let's just kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's uh um well you know like um so so so so so so so so start with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like so uh up. First of all for Paul's mom who who who who who who who who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the um so I I I I I I I I mean I mean so okay um world. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time it's time it's time it's time for the only podcast like at the mound mound mound mound mound mound mound mound rigid with your I mean um you know uh so uh you know host other other other other other other other other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start start start start start start start start okay well so so I mean uh like of any number two. And before before before before before before before before we get going we want to give a big you know like uh uh well well well well well well well well well you know shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier premier premier premier premier premier premier premier well like um okay okay well like enhance quality catching equipment. If If If If If If If If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over uh you know so so so so so so so so um uh um um to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of of of of of of of of okay well like I mean uh um so great training gloves anywhere from from from from from from from from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know okay you know the glove that was designed by our our our our our our our our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our our our our our our our our weekly CPD podcast okay you know I mean uh you know you know you you you you you you you you know full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your a PC or or or or or or or or well okay okay like um okay uh a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find find find find find find find find this podcast helpful to fulfill your annual so uh well so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog. We take you know uh okay uh well like I mean a look. Six year year year year year year year year rule clarifying what this might mean for you and your EPC so you know know know know know know know know you know um uh you know like we've been asked about this many times times times times times times times times. So we now have official clarification from I mean like like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is what is is is is is is is is what is what is what is what is what is what is the six-year rule rule rule rule rule rule rule rule in the like like um um uh you know so Ric sap see candid candid candid candid candid candid candid candid get date guide. It states that when you enroll as well so uh um so well well well well well well well well you know a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most Most Most Most Most Most Most Most of the you know like uh um like um so time we do not acknowledge acknowledge acknowledge acknowledge acknowledge acknowledge acknowledge acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, in fact, in in in in in in in in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, um um um um um um um um you know like you know you know like so even this physical body which which which which which which which which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy um so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny cells and well well um like um um so tighten cells into into into into into into into into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? um so you know know know know know know know know well you know okay I mean They are Energies. They are they are they they they they they they they they are they are they are they are they are they are a form of energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy your body is in energy like like well okay okay well well. Your thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we so we so we so so so so so so so so we so we so we so we so we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The run the the the the the the the the run the run the run the run the run the run the run for so so so so so so so so okay I mean well well like okay PRS podcast was created to give away the the the the the the the the secrets to transform your training to so well okay um okay I mean okay reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach your goals. We ask we ask we ask we ask we ask we ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask we ask we ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the questions so so so so so so so so well I mean well well you know you know that you've been dying to know know know know know know know know the answers to we will get the okay you know um like well um well well well well well well well well inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be be be be be be be be. Have well so I mean so um so you know you ever seen a a a a a a a a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast okay well uh um um um um um um um um um you know so well, This podcast is for you. We are we are we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are going to do do do do do do do do a deep dive to well I mean so well well like well reveal the secrets secrets secrets secrets secrets secrets secrets secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain endurance running is so like like like like like like like like uh you know I mean so I mean an aerobic sport any athlete who has has has has has has has has a previous background in a robic sports, like distance I mean well you know like well well well well well well well well so like swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some you you you you you you you you know uh okay like you know uh I mean have been through multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean okay you know um all have one common thread which is is is is is is is is they know where there's a pain in sports or like well so well I I I I I I I I mean uh like Esports. They know they have a solution for that and and and and and and and and they know that there so okay um well well uh you know are people people people people people people people people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to sports you know know know know know know know know well I mean like so okay so Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast Fast Fast Fast Fast Fast Fast Fast that's right. You listen to sports take so you know so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you you you you you you you you joining us. Once again, we've got like you know you know well like like like like like like like like uh I mean a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's Tim's Tim's Tim's Tim's Tim's Tim's Tim's the co-founder and managing like I mean well okay you know so like like like like like like like like director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund fund fund fund fund fund fund fund you know you know okay okay so uh so for early-stage investments in sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports and Esports. They've had they've had they've had they've had they've had they've had they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've had they've had over 40 cohort company since you know well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky enough to judge well well uh you know well okay I mean their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly so like well uh uh well like. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell Hell Hell Hell Hell Hell Hell Hell. She's a columnist a host and you know you know um you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is is is is is is is is she is she is she is she is she is she is she she she she she she she she is the resident so well like okay you know okay like astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's written two books working on a third. She's um so like uh well well well well well well well well you know like basically like the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if if if if if if if if I'm gonna bring uh you know um um well like well you guys some astrology astrology astrology astrology astrology astrology astrology astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire like okay you know know know know know know know know well so like like you can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars stars stars stars stars stars stars stars like us so like so well okay okay so that I just was on she she she she she she she she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking um you know okay I mean like you you you you you you you you know you know through website. She just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and and and and and and and and night toothbrushing uh well um you know um um I mean show start brushing on on on on on on on on the top of your mouth on one side and brush um uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube tube tube tube tube tube tube tube. Its heroines week like I mean okay you know I mean like well well well well well well well well and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh uh like um you know women all over America. Ah madam, madam, madam, madam, madam, madam, madam, madam, ah madam, ah madam, ah madam, ah madam, ah madam, ah madam, ah madam, CJ Walker, Walker, Walker, Walker, Walker, Walker, Walker, Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, like so um so so well um um um um um um um um she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove sarah Breedlove sarah Breedlove sarah Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove sarah Breedlove sarah Breedlove sarah Breedlove sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in I I I I I I I I mean well well like okay well um Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough money to feed herself and so so uh so you know um uh her her her her her her her her daughter Laila. So Sarah so Sarah so Sarah so Sarah so Sarah so Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah so Sarah so Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, welcome to to to to to to to to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today. We We We We We We We We like we like we like we like we like we like we like we like like like like like like like like like so uh well I mean um talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift shift shift shift shift shift shift shift in the mindset to help you achieve well okay well so okay like um a more more more more more more more more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and well I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean you know let's Inspire. Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine equine equine equine equine equine equine equine vet and have uh like uh you know I mean I mean you know been for for for for for for for for many years. Now. Did that did that did that did that did that did that that that that that that that that did that did that spark appear very early on in your like okay like you know know know know know know know know I mean um I mean life or did it come a bit later on the the the the the the the the spark appeared? I was about you know like so okay you know well um um um um um um um um 6 and yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals animals animals animals animals animals animals animals in general I mean um um I mean uh so so and yeah sat on on on on on on on on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I mean you know okay I mean well I mean you know y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, so um well uh you know you know okay uh don't say anything yet Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash um you know okay uh like uh like like like like like like like like the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of of of of of of of of you. If I mean so so well so so like you could smash the Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it I mean you know like well like like like like like like like like um okay gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm works. Anyways now, let um you know well um so well okay me introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great um well well well well well well well well well so okay so um. Uh-huh. All right, all right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, all right, and you'll work on this entry. We We We We We We We We need to do something about I mean you know like so well you know know know know know know know know okay that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a skip to uh like uh okay okay um you know 20 seconds. Yeah, I was was was was was was was was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still on well so like I I I I I I I I mean uh like um our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered covered covered covered covered covered covered covered quite a few here uh um so um I mean I mean so and and and and and and and and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't you know know know know know know know know uh um okay uh well um heard of it definitely easy way to make make make make make make make make a podcast because one it's free and like um um like um um um um um um um um um I mean there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your podcast you know so okay okay I mean uh I mean right from from from from from from from from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free um I mean so so so so so so so so like like uh well. And once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to to to to to to to to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you like I mean so so well you know like can can can can can can can can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. Thank uh well so so I mean okay well you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or or or or or or or or some of you may know me as tells and um um like so I I I I I I I I mean well I mean this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel Excel Excel Excel Excel Excel Excel Excel as a minority like uh I mean well so so like in Academia, but more more more more more more more more specifically students in physics because we know that there are many I mean you know you you you you you you you you know I mean like like I mean biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am I am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am your host Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon. And like you know I mean I mean so I mean well today we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast well like so well well so so so so so so so so um in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going going going going going going going going to I mean um uh okay like so well be about for those who don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk you know um you know you you you you you you you you know uh you know um a little bit about our community. And yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's kind of go through the uh you know well well well I mean uh basics basics basics basics basics basics basics basics before we get any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily uh so so so so so so so so so um like you know well stay or reflect those of the company and and and and and and and and its management for their more the views um okay okay like uh uh um um um um um um um um and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan former A&R like so um uh like like well at Warner Music all around around around around around around around around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us 40 minutes um uh like like like like like like like like um well well you know of his time to really cover, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, some solid tips and tricks, you know okay well um um I mean so so so so so so so so so for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R their own uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so well like projects. But then as they start to to to to to to to to progress in their career how they I mean well uh so uh okay you you you you you you you you know can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and ours and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well you know okay I mean well work with a and ours at labels labels labels labels labels labels labels labels as well. So so this is a great one I mean uh like uh uh uh like so so so so so so so so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are looking for more information information information information information information information information well well I mean um like you know okay on how Studio talk can help help help help help help help help you out. Check us out at Studio you know so um like well um um um um um um um um you know talking dotco. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up guys? This is this is this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is Eric McClellan former A&R at at at at at at at at Warner Music Group so you know well um I mean you know I I I I I I I I mean current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So yeah, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, well I mean okay so well you know okay I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network you know okay I mean okay so I mean I mean. I'm your host Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for like well okay well well well well well well well well well well I mean you today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation Animation Animation Animation Animation Animation Animation Animation. We're going to like uh I mean you know like um so talk about about about about about about about about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me I I I I I I I I mean you know uh uh well like well a first-hand animator and one of my dear dear dear dear dear dear dear dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi so well uh well um well you know to to to to to to to to everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get him him him him him him him him I mean like you know so like uh okay on the podcast and stuff. He He He He He He He He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew always um uh okay uh like I I I I I I I I mean so talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you you you you you you you you know, the perfect so like you know I mean you know like okay category to to to to to to to to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the show. Quick five five five five five five five five minutes talk like like I mean I mean I mean okay okay on experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me for a while while while while while while while while okay well okay um well you know so have been following me on the the the the the the the the internet out there in the social media Universe talked like like um so so um um um um um um um um you know about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps everything actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually created a like like I mean I mean well I mean I mean hashtag experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience trumps everything. So the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the so the so the concept of not skipping a step not skipping I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean um you know well you know the most important step which is is is is is is is is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering anything in uh so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so like this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need need need need need need need need experience. There okay uh so I mean uh like okay is nothing there is is is is is is is is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors you know know know know know know know know you know uh like like okay I mean good score last night. No, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets uh you know like like like like like like like like like well okay well just a waste of time of us trying to to to to to to to to win so we can get well so like so okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a higher spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first first first first first first first first but anyway, you know you know uh uh uh I mean um it's a lottery best best best best best best best best will gods have turned their back on us besides the point besides well like like like like like like like like you know so uh so I mean that Besides you I have sold my my my my my my my my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA um so um like like um you know know know know know know know know 10. I had I had I had I had I had I had I had I I I I I I I I had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred and you you you you you you you you know I mean you know I mean um like you know sixty three dollars plus four four four four four four four four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this okay um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off off off off off off off off because I was afraid so uh well um uh um I mean that of exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Thank you so much so like you know you know uh I mean you you you you you you you you know for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over to to to to to to to to our website so like okay so I mean so you know dear skate podcastcom podcastcom podcastcom podcastcom podcastcom podcastcom podcastcom podcastcom. There you click on store and browse some pearly awesome t-shirts and I mean so I I I I I I I I mean um you know so well maybe pick a couple up or even go to to to to to to to to our patreon page and see what how you know so so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content just just just just just just just just as much well uh um so uh okay um As you like listening to it enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so glad you I mean um I mean um um um um um um um um well you know you know could join us. I hope you brought your walking to to to to to to to to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is what is what is what is what is what is what is is is is is is is is what is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in in in in in in in in well like so I mean okay um you know the woods with DDS a thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you guys so much for tuning in and like um well you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well we look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so you know okay well thank you so much for tuning in again. This This This This This This This This is the first episode you know like um like uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of in the woods with EDSA. So bear with us and we plan you you you you you you you you know like okay okay like okay well to get better at each one of these these these these these these these these that we do we also plan I mean uh well um I I I I I I I I mean um um to have a lot of different different guest on the show show show show show show show show each week. We like we like we like we like we like we like we we we we we we we we like we like like like well um okay okay have a trio of different different different different different different different different co-hosts that are going to be going to be helping um like well so so so so so so so so so I mean like out and joining us the first of which is my very own own own own own own own own younger, brother like I mean um so um okay like. Colin Hendrix man, how are are are are are are are are you? What was what was what was what was what was what was what what what what what what what what was what was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, this this this this this this this this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm and I'm and and and and and and and and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm just uh uh I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean um um here to let you guys know that anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the best way to so um I mean um I mean well so make make make make make make make make a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the well well well well well well well well so uh okay I mean okay um easiest way to make a podcast. It gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives you everything you need in well uh uh okay um well okay one place for for for for for for for for free, which you can use right from your phone or computer like well well well well well well well well so I mean I mean I mean uh creation tools allows you to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even uh you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh okay better. They'll distribute your podcast for you so it can can can can can can can can be heard everywhere from like uh uh um you know okay uh Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay so like okay with no minimum listenership. That's right. You can make make make make make make make make money from this podcast. This well so like okay uh like well isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing probably like so okay so like uh I mean the biggest talk in in in in in in in in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now if you okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean okay uh ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going going going going going going going going to tell you that he's staying put but I mean I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put put put put put put put put it just doesn't make like um uh I mean like well you know sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the NFL you you you you you you you you know um um I mean so well like for just about 20 years years years years years years years years spent it all with one team just doesn't make like you know well I mean I I I I I I I I mean uh you know sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So So So So So So So So it I mean uh I mean well so uh okay doesn't make sense to me for for for for for for for for this man the go out and play for you know so so like okay um um um um um um um um you know another team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to to to to to to to to get like well so I mean like so so you going. All you have to to to to to to to to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get uh you know um you you you you you you you you know uh like okay started and you know what? It's totally it's totally it's totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally free just download the the the the the the the the free anchor app or like okay uh um so uh um go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- and you're on your way to your your your your your your your your own podcast like uh um okay so like um. You can have fun. You You You You You You You You can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about whatever you want to talk about on your I mean well you know know know know know know know know I mean I mean well okay own podcast. You can make it by whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever you want to make it about um so so well like okay you know. It'll be be be be be be be be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know like so you know so. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in in in in in in in in you on your way. He's not you know so like I mean uh uh okay going going going going going going going going back again. Another segment another segment another segment another segment another segment another segment segment segment segment segment segment segment segment another segment another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard so so so so so so so so well well I mean okay uh so about anchor its easiest way to make a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's like um so okay okay like like free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well well so you know your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute our podcast for you. So it could be okay uh you know like so so so so so so so so so so heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your your your your your your your your okay um you know so you know I mean you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in in in in in in in in I mean well well well well you know okay one place. So download so download download download download download download download download so download so download so download so download so download so download the anchor app app app app app app app app. For your phone or go um like um you know um I mean so to to to to to to to to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So okay like I I I I I I I I mean like you know well so tonight we're going to talk about a meme and and and and and and and and it's not just a um I mean um you know uh you know um meme meme meme meme meme meme meme meme in the sense of an image. It's an idea that people have okay like you you you you you you you you know I mean okay so okay and we're going to look into it it it it it it it it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken okay so like uh well well well well well well well well well okay as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Kaplan Kaplan Kaplan Kaplan Kaplan Kaplan Kaplan so I mean like um um okay I mean Adam. It's going to be our our our our our our our our second free agency show because people can't um well like uh well um you know know know know know know know know get enough free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left you you you you you you you you know okay okay okay uh um you know like we should really take take take take take take take take one second here to thank everybody. Because we um well I mean uh uh I I I I I I I I mean well had a record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know know know know know know know know we were in um I mean uh well I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know Indianapolis. We did we did we did we did we did we did we did we we we we we we we we did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded uh you know know know know know know know know you know I mean I mean uh okay. So obviously we both a new especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially got a lot of notoriety for well I mean um I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um the Byron Jones scoop. So we're really happy that we got great like like like like like like like like I mean you know you know so you know well feedback on it it it it it it it it and that people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it you you you you you you you you know like uh uh well um uh and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's okay I mean um I mean you know you know so confusing because we release the the the the the the the the last two episodes out of order. When one one three okay um I mean I I I I I I I I mean so like you know two. Oh, how oh, how oh, how oh, how oh, how how how how how how how how oh, how oh, how oh, how will how will they trust how will our our our our our our our our fans? How are you know okay well well well uh you know we gonna get get get get get get get get through this as a group? I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think that um like well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of of of of of of of of like an avant-garde so I mean I mean okay you know like um movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the current timeline like um um um um um um um um um uh you know well so like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch which I've heard. It's out of order. I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing would uh you know like um um um um um um um um I mean you know I mean you right now? It's ruining my life life life life life life life life. It is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is it is ruining your life. Yeah, you get so addicted so so uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So what are your your your your your your your your biggest I mean I mean um um well um well Skyrim breath of the wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild and now which are you like medieval don't you so you know I mean uh I I I I I I I I mean so so I do. What about war? What about what about what about about about about about about about about what about what about what about what about what about like like guns big fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just just just just just just just just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how how how how how how how how we do I mean so you know uh uh you know uh it here here here here here here here here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform okay um so okay okay so um super easy distributes our podcast too many many many many many many many many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed okay so you know um um um um um um um um like um so you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a a a a a a a a computer check out I mean I mean well so okay like like anchor dot f f f f f f f f m or Download the free anchor app to get started. This uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay like you know you know you know segment is brought to you you you you you you you you by jig Master jigs when in doubt like I mean so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo promo promo promo promo promo promo promo code. Pmf 20 and well well well okay okay so um save 20 percent percent percent percent percent percent percent percent off your next jig order today. Hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to the pallets and and and and and and and and podcast. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised raised raised raised raised raised raised raised a like uh okay you know like you know okay bear and lower lower lower lower lower lower lower lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are going I I I I I I I I mean um you know I mean okay uh okay to take you on a a a a a a a a journey blank to the Future and before you and ask so like um okay well so so so so so so so so so where we are going. You don't you don't you don't you don't you you you you you you you you don't you don't you don't you don't need green arrows and that's a good thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing because okay so uh uh so uh you know you're not going to get them them them them them them them them here at least not in this episode kind of I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well uh I mean you know a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast Blast Blast Blast Blast Blast Blast Blast from the Past tear up the I mean um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film references references references references references references references references well I mean uh well so well I mean and of course I'm talking about the the the the the the the the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which I mean I mean so so I I I I I I I I mean um so Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in in in in in in in in many ways he could well like uh like I mean well well be considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of and of and of and of and of and and and and and and and and of and of and of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Crossing episode so uh so you know um well I mean 120 is brought to you you you you you you you you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon patrons today Sergio um you know so so so so so so so so you know okay you know so and I are going to go over the the the the the the the the week's countdown questions talk about all the like um um like so okay I mean new new new new new new new new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a very special interview with with with with with with with with um you know um like okay um I mean Great Fairy. Carrie and carrie carrie carrie carrie carrie carrie carrie carrie and carrie and carrie and carrie and carrie and carrie and carrie and her her her her her her her her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at PAX East so well um so so so so so so so so so so uh like to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy Chewy. I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm doing pretty um uh you know you know okay uh I mean awesome. You You You You You You You You know, it's been a really productive week. But in terms of Animal Crossing, Crossing, Crossing, Crossing, Crossing, Crossing, Crossing, Crossing, it's well I mean so I mean you know okay so been a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot of news I mean you know I I I I I I I I mean um um like I mean and then I also got some amiibo cards. I I I I I I I I mean putting those in the uh like I mean okay so okay well album's album's album's album's album's album's album's album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you know you know I mean like um um um you a very very big big big big big big big big thank you for tuning in today. I am going to uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um uh uh you know focus on a very touchy topic. This is is is is is is is is a topic that's very close to my heart um like um well like I I I I I I I I mean okay. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you know my my my my my my my my needed um uh okay so so you know uh to you know, sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously a lot of um like like like like like like like like like uh like uh okay people have been talking about the situation of mine mine mine mine mine mine mine mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke you know okay I mean you know like uh okay Aven. I hope everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone had a great week. First off. I just want well you know uh um um well well well well well well well well um to say thank you to everyone who has been supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting the podcast everyone um you know like I mean okay you know you you you you you you you you know its engaging on Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community community community community community community community community around uh you know well uh you know so like this podcast. So thank you to to to to to to to to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's well um so uh um um um um um um um um um so Premier League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off off off off off off off off the bat the biggest you know okay uh you know okay um you know story story story story story story story story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite you you you you you you you you know well so well so uh like a disappointing loss to be honest. The first the the the the the the the the first the first the first the first the first the first the first loss that you you you you you you you you go off is 3-nil you know okay uh uh um uh you know against walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh well of the relegation zone. So I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day I'm day I'm day I'm day I'm day I'm day I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm day I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well you know I mean media a weekly social media podcast from buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer buffer covering all the latest stories I mean so you know so um so like like like like like like like like insights experimentation and learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to to to to to to to to episode 186 well well well I mean well uh like. I'm finding Porter and and and and and and and and as you might have heard last week, we're working on so well uh you know know know know know know know know uh so uh a brand new 10 times version of the science of social media. We We We We We We We We can't wait so well okay uh okay like well to share it with you you you you you you you you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so well uh uh revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting copywriting copywriting copywriting copywriting copywriting copywriting copywriting is one of the most essential skills um well uh um so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts you you you you you you you you know well well so so well you know and especially on social media in this this this this this this this this episode. We'll give we'll give we'll give we'll give we'll give we'll give we'll give give give give give give give give we'll give you the tools you know um uh okay I mean I mean um um um um um um um um to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a uh well like well well well well well well well well well um well daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it it it it it it it it means to live okay well like uh well like I mean with. Hope in Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here um okay um so so so so so so so so so well okay in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in in in in in in in in verses 1 like like okay you know um so you know through 4 today today today today today today today today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if I I I I I I I I mean uh so so okay um you know the tent that is our our our our our our our our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh well you know uh a house not made with hands Eternal in in in in in in in in the heavens for in this tent you know you know you know uh well well well well well well well well you know I mean we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed indeed indeed indeed indeed indeed indeed indeed by putting it on we okay okay you know okay like uh um may may may may may may may may not be found naked for while we are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want so well well well well well well well well um like like okay like to talk to you guys about anchor anchor is is is is is is is is the app that I use well like well uh so um okay to record my my my my my my my my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent you know well well well well well well well well I mean okay so I mean you know free and it allows you to use use use use use use use use tools that allow you to record and edit your you know so so so so so so so so so so well you know uh podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you you you you you you you you to record with uh I mean okay um like okay so friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute um um um um um um um um so I mean uh well okay okay your podcast for you so I can be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify app a like uh well well you know like well podcast and many many many many many many many many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast uh so you know know know know know know know know you know so uh I mean with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place okay okay so well like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get get get get get get get get started. Before I well okay okay I mean so okay like start this this this this this this this this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are okay so you you you you you you you you know well um you know well listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning warning warning warning warning warning warning warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning you right right right right right right right right now. It's only it's only it's only it's only it's only it's only only only only only only only only it's only it's only going through I mean well I mean so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean the left here. I want to believe because that's just the the the the the the the the way my my whole setup you know um well like uh uh um. It It It It It It It It works it works it works it works it works it works it works it works works works works works works works works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the for the for the for the for the for the for the for for for for for for for for the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach well you know um um um um um um um um uh okay okay okay data, we save teachers hours each week by bringing them them them them them them them them quality downloadable teaching resources for well like uh okay like well okay their classrooms to to to to to to to to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for uh you know know know know know know know know uh so um well you know on here. Thanks so much for listening to For the the the the the the the the Love of teaching. Please um please um please um please um please um please um um um um um um um um please um please um you know okay I mean okay so um rate and review review review review review review review review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know so well gears. Have you have you have you have you have you you you you you you you you have you have you have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali is a passionate teacher who you know so so so so so so so so okay you know you know so well is has used this source and program to to to to to to to to engage in Delight how beautiful students um um I mean okay like okay um she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's a huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings okay um um um um um um um um like um so like uh on her Instagram page the young educator Ali says this this this this this this this this program has been so um like I mean like like well a game-changer for for for for for for for for her and her students. My students my students my students my students my students my students students students students students students students students my students my students came to school on the like uh um um so so so so so so so so so like second day and they were like, when are we doing daily 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 and that I mean you know I mean I mean you know like um for for for for for for for for me I was just sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like uh well well so. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are are are are are are are are you? Not like not like not like not like not like not like not not not not not not not not like not like like you know so you know like okay so bad value value value value value value value value self never better, but you can make me even happier well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um okay uh. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that that that that that that that that. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a conflict of interest. Oh so well you know so um okay you know get your mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have I have I have I have interns who do um you know so so so so so so so so so you know well um that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that that that that that that that that chili Doug Davis is looking um so uh like like uh you know into into into into into into into into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna take a um uh so um um like okay pretty hefty. Package for me me me me me me me me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean um okay. You know why they call her chili dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of uh so like you know I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right right right right right right right right down the gullet and not 20 you know uh I mean um well well well well well well well well like okay minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an an an an an an an an A+ well uh like like okay I mean well. Look point look point look look look look look look look look point look point look point look point look point look point is the kids a stud stud stud stud stud stud stud stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give her well okay um um um well um um um um um um um um up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty Hasty um like well I mean um so so. We think chili dog will will will will will will will will be a great fit in the halls of our school I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um I mean and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for for for for for for for for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara Lara Lara Lara Lara Lara Lara Lara Cisco uh well um well okay I mean okay Kid metal. Whoa. Um we um we we we we we we we we um we um we um we um we um we um we want to to to to to to to to share with you guys the Jack Welsh passed um well like you know like um I I I I I I I I mean away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing person with like well so um you know so uh a beautiful leadership. His His His His His His His His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all okay well so so so so so so so so so I mean you know like about the people you put together. I want want want want want want want want to take advantage of this I mean I mean so um like well well well well well well well well I mean to share with you guys. The fact that I am part part part part part part part part of Lucky's que. Ahora you know okay so well uh well I mean El Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all okay well well well well well well well well you know uh so so okay phenomenal and it's all about what we have have have have have have have have built and where we were going I mean okay I mean uh um you know know know know know know know know okay. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no you're no you're no you're no you're no you're no you're no you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming so uh like like so okay so up today. And for me, I stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress it that period in my uh okay I mean so okay so I mean life. I bucked bucked bucked bucked bucked bucked bucked bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand so you know know know know know know know know I mean you know okay um I mean it. And so if any teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh so well well I I I I I I I I mean um uh you know you should be making more black art. Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you should be making more black looking I mean well um well you know you you you you you you you you know like things. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this this this this this this this this uh uh so you know you know okay so is Doug. Thank you for downloading downloading downloading downloading downloading downloading downloading downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first well I mean I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at at at at at at at at the Armory show uh okay so um I mean so um in New York City City City City City City City City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of like I mean like so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we we we we we we we we managed you know um so okay well okay I mean to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom you're you know so like you know like you know well listening to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes you know like like like like like like like like so so like you know so. Thank you for tuning in again for another week week week week week week week week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery so okay well so well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. If this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from from from from from from from from uh like um um like um uh the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if if if if if if if if you don't like to listen to rules or like well um um so um well obey obey obey obey obey obey obey obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay like like you know I mean yourself a drink because I like to to to to to to to to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record my my my my my my my my podcast uh well well um okay I mean um episodes. I've been using it for for for for for for for for the last several months and I absolutely love it. If you if you if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so I mean like haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me let me let me so okay so well like so well explain it's free their creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast okay so okay like well well well well well well well well so so right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your I I I I I I I I mean um well okay okay uh well podcast for you so it can be be be be be be be be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and many I mean so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's so um um I mean so so okay everything you need to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. All you have to do is uh um you you you you you you you you know um well well well download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started so I mean like so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you you you you you you you you haven't well like like like well um I mean heard about anchor what are you you you you you you you you doing man? Get your life together, but if you haven't okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well um heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a podcast and I will elaborate uh you know well I mean um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your phone or so I mean okay like uh okay uh your computer bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing well uh so so so so so so so so um you know I mean I mean it from my phone. In addition to that that that that that that that that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor uh you know um like so so um um um um um um um um will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and uh well like well um like you know many more row many more dude dude dude dude dude dude dude dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you um okay you know well I I I I I I I I mean so you know can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, which is awesome for me okay I mean okay like okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay because I probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to make make make make make make make make like well like okay I mean uh well in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your like like um um um um um um um um like okay um um morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of of of of of of of of your mouth and brush like well um I mean okay well uh a little circles circles circles circles circles circles circles circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's and today's and today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's and today's and today's and today's and today's and today's uh so you know so so so so so so so so okay uh um hero is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you have you have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you have you have you ever heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn um like so uh um you know well Bridge is a a a a a a a a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big okay okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know well river and it's beautiful people from all over the world come come come come come come come come to New York um okay you know so uh um so each year and and and and and and and and take pictures of it. And one and one and one and one and one and and and and and and and and one and one and one of the main people who helped uh you know know know know know know know know okay you know so you know I mean build that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the John so so so so so so so so um uh um well so well Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven okay uh uh so you know well you you you you you you you you know cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the the the the the the the the United States so so okay so um um I mean. We have we have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have now passed passed passed passed passed passed passed passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed with um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so like you know six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that that that that that that that that we haven't had any deaths okay like uh um you know okay so in California California California California California California California California. And so and so and so and so and so and so and so and and and and and and and and so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our I I I I I I I I mean so like you know so you know so villains podcast. He was a a a a a a a a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of the 1920s like okay um you you you you you you you you know you know uh um. He was he was he was he was he was was was was was was was was he was he was he was one of the most feared Mobsters inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside and outside the criminal underworld so okay so I mean I mean like so to to to to to to to to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or wherever you like like well well well well well well well well um so you know you know get your podcasts. On the on the on the the the the the the the the on the on the on the on the on the bank of the Hudson River River River River River River River River North of New York okay um I mean so okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921 uh I mean um okay I mean like like. The criminals imprisoned there with a a a a a a a a worst of the worst many of them were there I mean I mean you you you you you you you you know uh um uh you know for Life others for death by that time time time time time time time time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that is that is that is that is that is that is is is is is is is is that is that a break up break up? I think we have a a a a a a a a situation right I mean uh you know um so so like here. Welcome to to to to to to to to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that uh uh um um um um um um um um so uh well um people would like to talk about with your view to give give give give give give give give lessons that they I mean so okay uh okay um well learned from their their their their their their their their experiences. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope we hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful um okay like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean given the lesson behind everything we're going to to to to to to to to talk about today. Now in this so okay uh so so you know know know know know know know know I mean episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not going to say exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly uh like you know so you know I mean so where but it is hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather you know so like well so so so so so so so so you know so. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm storm storm storm storm storm storm storm hit and like uh uh uh you know you know uh stuff. People kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to so I mean so so so so so so so so I mean so um so this. How'd you how'd you how'd you how'd how'd how'd how'd how'd how'd how'd how'd you how'd you how'd you how'd you how'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't just get ready. Let's raise I mean well well I mean so um uh yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's been like like like like like like like like um okay I mean like like so in the making for God knows how long long long long long long long long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering we're offering we're offering we're offering offering offering offering offering offering offering offering we're offering we're offering we're offering we're offering our listeners some additional content about like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um like so the world of True Crime letting you dive even even even even even even even even deeper into some of the so like you know okay so so you know know know know know know know know most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring I mean okay like um you know uh okay the most fascinating True Crime themes themes themes themes themes themes themes themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected uh okay like I mean uh um um um um um um um um I mean short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us us us us us us us us explore well like so I mean I mean okay so ideas. Ideas, like motivation method method method method method method method method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime I mean so okay well well well well well well well well I mean um so world really is you can find these original episodes for for for for for for for for free on Spotify or um okay I mean I mean uh um you know know know know know know know know wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted posted posted posted posted posted posted posted in you know um um you know uh I mean well the description today today today today today today today today. We're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well uh well okay you know John which is looking at life life life life life life life life in a medieval village. Now what needs to um you know I mean well well well well well well well well so I mean uh be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in in in in in in in in the medieval well uh like you know you know I mean you know period things things things things things things things things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in so so so so so so so so so well um so uh you know England lived and worked on the land in the the the the the the the the Middle Ages, and unless well you know uh um okay well like you were rich rich rich rich rich rich rich rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a uh you know know know know know know know know okay like like you know well constant struggle to survive and live tended to be be be be be be be be very short for so for those people so so okay well okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um I mean so okay uh and if you're lucky as high high high high high high high high as 40 So a medieval village was all so well well so like um um based based based based based based based based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the now the the the the the the the the now the now the now the now the now the now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of like you know uh uh like well you know Brawn and brains. So this this this this this this this this so this so this so this so this so this so this so so so so so so so so this week we have a really interesting guest. His name so um um so so so so so so so so okay you know um is Zach so up, but you may know him as the the the the the the the the Nittany Lion um um so you know I mean um like so I actually knew a little little little little little little little little bit about Zach before this year before he um you know so you know know know know know know know know so I mean I mean revealed himself as the Nittany Lion because rumors around around around around around around around around the College of IST, so so I mean um I mean you know um which I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a part of said that the The line was actually in our major. So So So So So So So So like I mean so like so so like I had a little heads-up who is is is is is is is is going to be but not really a lot well well I mean um um um um um um um um um well well of people have had classes Zach and I were new so that that that that that that that that was kind I mean so uh well uh you know uh of cool a a a a a a a a Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior year who so like well well well well well well well well well well you know okay our mascot is and a few months ago during football season, right right right right right right right right you revealed um you know you know like I mean I mean uh yourself. So that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's kind of cool. You want to give us a little well well well I I I I I I I I mean like like okay introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been we've been we've been been been been been been been been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been a bit delayed in in in in in in in in having the massively well you know so well so so I mean same same same same same same same same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro so so so so so so so so um well like you know like okay there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the the the the the the the the USA for the are the toffee well um you know I mean like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you well I mean uh you know so like uh know, if you've got got got got got got got got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on I mean okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay uh to talk about that shortly. It's light its which and big old old old old old old old old Mitch like okay so uh I mean so like and we've got quite a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go like okay you know um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh as we always do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see see see see see see see see well like like I mean well uh well that I've barely got a voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your your your your your your your your um well you know so okay well um host and each week. I'll be bringing you you you you you you you you all the tips and tools okay okay okay like so well well you need to to to to to to to to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean um you know so life. So you're ready. Let's turn let's turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn let's turn let's turn let's turn let's turn let's turn let's turn this baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby up. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I so I want to fill you well okay I mean you know you know know know know know know know know uh I mean in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really really really really really really really really effectively over well you know okay so I mean I mean okay the the the the the the the the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to um so so so so so so so so I mean um um um so share my message to connect with more like-minded human beings beings beings beings beings beings beings beings and really to bring new you know well um okay well um I I I I I I I I mean clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is is is is is is is is on so uh I mean okay uh you know well your heart Market yourself create create create create create create create create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is um um um um um um um um so you know okay well like you know he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little little little little little little little little more Olive near the bottom of the you know so I mean like I mean I I I I I I I I mean uh mood about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the the the the the the the the introduction pisciotta um well like uh uh uh so near Toledo. And in that that that that that that that that case the on these sticks his hand into the house you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know so I mean okay and either places something into the the the the the the the the hand of the ball by it or take um um you know uh well okay I I I I I I I I mean something out of his open hand and brings it out and then D I I I I I I I I mean like uh uh uh I mean so is high up. Now I might might might might might might might might have why is it clay of I'll like like you know like like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh be they're not Kira want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble Marble Marble Marble Marble Marble Marble Marble our well well well okay well okay like boss one quick introduction the notion notion notion notion notion notion notion notion of carrying something involves really three acts I mean you know um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean. One act is Akira literally uprooting which means to pick something up from from from from from from from from a like um okay like like like um place of rest then to is traversing which which which which which which which which is to either transfer it okay I mean you know like you know well like like like like like like like like over a domain boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe I mean like um so well well uh and Welcome to our first podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, I just talked like well you know okay um um um um um um um um well well a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work work work work work work work work okay I mean like I mean I mean like like on different type of client client client client client client client client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I just well you know you know know know know know know know know um uh so so hope people feel better and just be able to move and and and and and and and and have okay well okay so uh you know well more energy. So that's pretty much a a a a a a a a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like you you you you you you you you know like um okay uh you know how this podcast comes to be. Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I like you know okay uh so so so so so so so so so I mean knew that I needed to get on audio. So I asked a a a a a a a a buddy of okay okay you know I mean uh okay okay mine who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's a podcast producer. How do how do how do how do how do how how how how how how how how do how do how do I do this? And he just told me well okay I I I I I I I I mean um um uh okay anchor use anchor because it's the easiest way you you you you you you you you can get a podcast on the uh well like I mean you know you you you you you you you you know you know Internet. It's also free. You can edit record your podcast right right right right right right right right from your phone well well like I mean you know so I mean or your your your your your your your your computer and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so like well okay for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcasts and many more so well um well okay um like you can can can can can can can can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you you you you you you you you I mean I mean uh you know I mean uh so are. You can make make make make make make make make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to uh you know uh um so um um um um um um um um well make a podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are are are are are are are are joined like well so well okay well so. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis Hollis Hollis Hollis Hollis Hollis Hollis Hollis. This was this was this was this was this was this was this was this was was was was was was was was a very special episode. I like I like I like I like I like like like like like like like like I like I like I like these episodes because so okay well so um um um um um um um um like okay we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or the the the the the the the the coach that you know you know well like like okay I mean we interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview in this case. We interviewed. And since and since and since and since and and and and and and and and since and since and since and since it was the second time well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay like well we had him on we'd already covered his career career career career career career career career. And so I got to talk about uh like okay um okay well you know a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of things on this show and I had I'd get to hear you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay okay uh a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of of of of of of of of different things and we kind of okay um uh so I mean so so so so so so so so okay went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just want his fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth I mean um okay like like okay uh State title High School in New York York York York York York York York. And so we talked a little bit about um so um well so um um um um um um um um um that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At uh so so so so so so so so you know like um okay okay all my mother. Yeah, but not by by by by by by by by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into well well you know uh okay like like like like like like like like uh my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try try try try try try try try to like like I mean um okay you know um okay Gap with me me me me me me me me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of like boundaries like like like like like like like like you know well okay you know so um. So my mom definitely tried to to to to to to to to talk to me about sex like at all costs, so um um um um um um um um like so I mean so um right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a a a a a a a a setting where like, I'm I mean um um um well well I mean not not not not not not not not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a mirror right right right right right right right right like uh I mean I mean you know uh well across from my back back back back back back back back to our it was like a glass shower I mean uh I mean so so so so so so so so you know okay um. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this this this this this this this this room more right? No. Yeah uh like um so uh so um. She got like like like like like like like like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're welcome you're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you you you you you you you you uh um you know you know well I mean well for joining me again, and and and and and and and and you will not believe it guys. I promise I promise I promise I promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise I promise I promise I promise I promise you it uh okay you know so so so so so so so so okay like well was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came came came came came came came came visiting for I mean like like uh well well so my health and lifestyle, you you you you you you you you know, you have to get these things in order like so well you you you you you you you you know um uh okay for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, doing things uh well like like I mean so like by yourself. Cough now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you um okay so um um um um um um um um like I mean so know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's also the you know like um you know like well so part of you you you you you you you you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so uh so how far now you know, so I mean, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're just we're just going like you know I mean okay well uh um to to to to to to to to flow today and we just hope that you guys get what you need need need need need need need need to okay well uh well so okay well from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old old old old old old old old daughter well okay like like I mean uh um found brutally murdered in their their their their their their their their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, no I mean I mean I I I I I I I I mean I mean well well uh one knows who did it. If you enjoy this this this this this this this this episode on the mysterious brick of I mean so I mean um uh well like like like like like like like like murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders um um um um um um um um you know well like I mean um um every Tuesday follow the clues question the the the the the the the the facts and dig deeper into some of uh uh you know you know know know know know know know know well like okay history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you listen to uh you know you know I mean I mean like well podcasts. Due to to to to to to to to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so okay like this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder and assault including the violent homicide of a well like so okay you you you you you you you you know uh so young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the the the the the the the the I mean like um like I mean um I mean podcast. Hello, you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and well like um um um um um um um um well you know you know I mean naht Edge. This month's episode is a a a a a a a a technology special in which we okay I mean you know like um so so so so so so so so so asked whether technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay you know like okay. We consider what the next big Ed Tech development is is is is is is is is likely to be and also well okay okay I mean so uh like this this this this this this this this Gus whether or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content so so so so so so so so so like uh um like okay and revealing insights in conversation with James Bowen Bowen Bowen Bowen Bowen Bowen Bowen Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou well okay okay like I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. Daisy will be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher and uh um okay um okay you know I mean the author of a number number number number number number number number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of you know know know know know know know know you know um um so you know so education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about so so so so so so so so well so like uh okay okay the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter 24 to see what it okay um uh okay okay okay you know actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards um like you you you you you you you you know okay well you know um teaching biology and the most profane way you've ever seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen or heard. I'm your host like okay okay you know well so um John Doe Doe Doe Doe Doe Doe Doe Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one um like like like like like like like like um like I mean so I mean chapter at a time this week. We're on on on on on on on on the chapter 24, which is titled well okay okay um like uh well the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News News News News News News News News um well okay I mean well uh uh Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of of of of of of of of Stephanie on the new season of well you know okay um I mean um you you you you you you you you know a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia that like like well um okay um I mean her girlfriend from the show lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives in Australia and that her family is like like well I mean so like I I I I I I I I mean unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though though though though though though though though is uh uh okay okay like I mean well that she sells naked photos of of of of of of of of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where um so like well you you you you you you you you know well well she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may may may may may may may may have found this out uh I mean I mean you know uh um so so so so so so so so though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she out she out she she she she she she she she out she out she out she out she out she states that um well well well well well well well well you know you know like so I mean she is not ashamed of of of of of of of of this content and that having the patron has okay okay okay uh like like um um um um um um um um financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income income income income income income income income in I mean so uh so okay like I mean general. She ends it it it it it it it it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content uh I mean okay like like like like like like like like so I mean well creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed to love whoever I want um well so I mean um um uh. I am not not not not not not not not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed to do whatever so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean okay well you know she wants with her body and and and and and and and and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that that that that that that that that uh like um okay well you know so guy next to him? Welcome back back back back back back back back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark uh um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so like. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host host host host host host host host Marc Murphy so uh um uh so uh uh. And today and today and today today today today today today today today and today and today and today and today and today we have a very special guest Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host uh like so well um you know know know know know know know know like. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so so so so so so so so how'd I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean um uh you you you you you you you you guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well uh well barely showed the chemistry but marked had had had had had had had had a deep chemistry. We first met but it uh um well like uh um um um um um um um um well was there be but it was there. We took the we just say well well well well well well well well so I mean so okay so uh major so we had all the same same same same same same same same classes together and decide to sit you know you know so like I mean well well well well well well well well well by each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a well well well well well well well well you know I mean well so you know uh tree planter art art art art art art art art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of um um um um um um um um uh uh you know um uh you know her illustration series follow the trees trees trees trees trees trees trees trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a well uh so well okay um um um um um um um um okay reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of of of of of of of of people who like like uh so um well um spend much of their lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so uh okay planting is so much more than the physical act of of of of of of of of planting thousands of seedlings in so okay like like well um so the ground day day day day day day day day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences um you know you know know know know know know know know well okay uh okay bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt the the the the the the the the dirt the dirt the dirt the dirt the dirt the dirt the dirt is a place place place place place place place place to shed light on you know well so uh you know you know okay the the the the the the the the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel well well well well well well well well uh so like like well I mean in the ground. It is meant meant meant meant meant meant meant meant to dive deep into all things tree planting so so you know um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So So So So So So So So wherever you're coming so uh I mean you know you know you know I mean from from from from from from from from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like you know um so okay podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about what products you should not drop ship you know you know uh okay you you you you you you you you know so I mean now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce e-commerce e-commerce e-commerce e-commerce e-commerce e-commerce e-commerce or um you know I mean so so like okay build a new store store store store store store store store or launch a new product line. There are three different um um so you you you you you you you you know um so so levels of where you want to research to make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you're choosing okay uh um okay uh so so the right products. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the okay I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well so highest one, right? What type of products do you you you you you you you you want to sell and after you okay so uh okay well okay like lock? Didn't you you you you you you you you want to move to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay like well uh you're finding are ones. You actually want to work with if you you you you you you you you want to make you know okay so I mean okay okay um money doing this this this this this this this this and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So you so you so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you know well like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like what I'm going to share with you in this podcast is what to to to to to to to to look for at all okay so well I mean I mean well you know three three three three three three three three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to well um um um um um um um um you know you know I mean you know uh build one of these stores stores stores stores stores stores stores stores and actually build a real business now before you know I mean well okay like like like like like like like like like um we get into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes that makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes that makes that makes that makes that makes that makes that makes it simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple okay well okay okay okay uh I mean for you to get more life life life life life life life life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well I mean results from the inside out. Our workout workout workout workout workout workout workout workout is backed by science and proven I mean uh uh you know okay um um um um um um um um um to burn more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results results results results results results results results in uh uh well like so well like real time. Each workout is inspired and and and and and and and and led by certified coaches to like I mean you know uh you know um um um um um um um um like make sure you don't overtrain or under train. So what so what so what what what what what what what what so what so what so what so what so what are you currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently doing to get well um okay uh I mean I mean uh more life out out out out out out out out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help so you know know know know know know know know well um uh okay well you with. All right. So, let's kick it it it it it it it it up you guys I'm here with I mean well so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages I I I I I I I I mean uh like so I mean okay so to help you fall asleep. You You You You You You You You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble well you know okay okay well you you you you you you you you know um falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to to to to to to to to um uh uh so okay like I mean the word of God. I'm able to to to to to to to to settle down. And find peace and fully you know well well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know rest And so as you listen to night focusing on the the the the the the the the word of well um well okay so um well God. Let It Be an an an an an an an an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to so um uh well well well well well well well well like you know okay allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get and get and get get get get get get get get and get and get and get and get and get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this this this this this this this this. Hey, okay um uh I mean well like uh you want to know why my my my my my my my my brain doesn't work, right if you text K um well uh I mean uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy um uh so so so so so so so so I mean um I mean well Light it on fire watch it there and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're reclaiming crazy during a manic you know I mean well okay so um well well well well well well well well. I was I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was I was like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with with with with with with with with well I mean okay um so like you know this list given on the bird bird bird bird bird bird bird bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean um well this couch and recline you're reacting to literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica I mean well you know uh you you you you you you you you know you know um Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming soon everybody um you know well you know I mean well you know. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name my name my name my name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing um um um um um um um um well you know you know well um uh Villa dough and we have a a a a a a a a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce like so so I mean um um um um um um um um uh so yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy you know know know know know know know know like like I mean I mean um okay hot take. Oh my golly. I tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell ya. All right. Well, it well, it well, it well, it well, it well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, it well, it well, it has to so I mean okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like start with the club because covid always starts it with the club club club club club club club club. Welcome back. Everyone uh uh so like you know well like to know soups. Given this this this this this this this this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate so okay um well well well well well well well well um well so raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we we we we we we we we have one of like so you know okay you know um um our guests. Shravan. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's yo, it's yo, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's yo, it's yo, it's yo, it's yo, it's yo, it's so so well well well well well well well well you know uh okay so your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone that was wearing headphones. All you know like well you know I mean like I I I I I I I I mean right. Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was was was was was was was was on Ross All-Stars so I mean so like well okay well 11 board with with with with with with with with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you you you you you you you you ever uh so so okay I mean like I mean take banned substances to enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior knowledge of you know uh you know okay well well well well well well well well um like the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and and and and and and and and selfish behavior you know well like well you know uh like. I engaged in. Ladies and and and and and and and and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen, it it it it it it it it is. Oops the podcast we are so I mean well uh like well you know know know know know know know know joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm here and we have a special guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest today Mateo so I mean like um well like so Lane High buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I uh um you you you you you you you you know okay so like I mean came in with my PR person my lighting lighting lighting lighting lighting lighting lighting lighting crew my director my I mean, okay um uh I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but but but but but but but but so um I mean so well uh well to be fair when I was was was was was was was was at his podcast like three years ago. I I mean you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so like walked in and he told me on the spot that that that that that that that that it was going well like okay uh uh um um to be be be be be be be be on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike like well uh well well well well well well well well um um okay. You have you have you have you have you have you you you you you you you you have you have you have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day day day day day day day day. My husband I mean so like well like you know um my friend and Kavita Kavita Kavita Kavita Kavita Kavita Kavita Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60. We are in the okay you you you you you you you you know I mean uh uh I mean you know really in the final stretch stretch stretch stretch stretch stretch stretch stretch. It's hard to believe and it's very exciting. I you know so um uh um um um um um um um um um okay want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual CM that that that that that that that that is that okay okay you know well well so um will take place on Sunday, March March March March March March March March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard time like uh you know well uh you know so and and and and and and and and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can you you you you you you you you know okay like I mean uh like like associate you know the time that that that that that that that that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute contribute contribute contribute contribute contribute contribute contribute. Some people some people some people some people some people some people some people some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If If If If If If If If so, you know um like well you know okay um we're excited to to to to to to to to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know like that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online online online online online online online online go to www.sceeto.com for / you know well well I mean well so um um um um um um um um create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create uh okay uh uh well uh well. Well, the the the the the the the the only other thing I was wondering about is and I think I've sort I I I I I I I I mean like I mean uh um uh uh of got an answer but I noticed noticed noticed noticed noticed noticed noticed noticed that I'm not as unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd so you know um well well well well well well well well um um uh like to be and I am affected sometimes by by by by by by by by other people if there's some I mean like so like um uh so negativity negativity negativity negativity negativity negativity negativity negativity and affects me and I dip and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're like like like like like like like like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're like okay you know so I mean okay well here with Usual Suspects. We We We We We We We We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from well um you know know know know know know know know well well you know okay Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is that that that that that that that that is that is that is that is that is that is that is is is is is is is is how you doing today man. Doing well doing well doing well doing well doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing well doing well doing well doing well okay you know uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right right right right right right right right for I mean I mean you know um you know okay um yeah. I I I I I I I I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but so so you you you you you you you you know okay I mean uh uh I like you guys so fuck it. Get the the the the the the the the get the get the get the get the get the get the get the fucking bucket bucket bucket bucket bucket bucket bucket bucket. Let's do you know um like you know so well well this. Yeah. Well, don't worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so I mean so well so you you you you you you you you know uh okay fucking yeah, we got like real faithful follower and I I I I I I I I feel bad every time uh um I mean you know I mean well you know know know know know know know know we put something out because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, like like like like like like like like uh okay uh so I mean okay don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean okay I mean space docks podcast where we cover all things things things things things things things things space in this podcast. We will we will we will we will we will we will we we we we we we we we will we will you know you know so well so you know so be be be be be be be be covering all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know uh um okay um or discoveries that anyone interested in the the the the the the the the field may want to know okay you know like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know about right from the Apollo mission to the first image of of of of of of of of the black hole uh I mean okay um well um I mean to to to to to to to to the latest news on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back back back back back back back back to like well you know like so so I mean the moon. So So So So So So So So if like us you are another parking space and what to like well well well well well well well well uh so I mean so I mean stay up-to-date with all that is happening in the the the the the the the the field. This is the uh uh I mean um okay I mean like podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult you you you you you you you you know you know I mean I mean okay like so consumption only it may not be be be be be be be be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised Takashi. 6-9 I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um like uh okay was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to to to to to to to to TMZ. All I saw well well you know so uh well I mean was the the the the the the the the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in the back seat of um well well well well well well well well um so like um well the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit to you know, I definitely uh um um you know like so okay brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought it back down a human level. And I started talking to God. I'm like like like like like like like like I mean you know I mean so okay um like you don't only only only only only only only only when I could get me out of this. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to so like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh um Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a um well well well well well well well well well so okay uh I mean hero to fighting himself in a story story story story story story story story of two lighthouses. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to lure party well so well like well so like the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well okay well favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name name name name name name name name is Leo. And today well you know okay okay um um uh we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers well well well well well well well well like uh um um like okay for BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did like okay okay like uh okay so you make make make make make make make make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope you um well so so you know so uh guys are are are are are are are are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part 2 of the like like like like like like like like well well so okay well okay October Gonzalez interview and we have been been been been been been been been absolutely dying to release this one. So this so this so this so this this this this this this this this so this so this so this so this like uh okay like well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are some nuggets up up up up up up up up in here okay okay I mean like like like okay. I can't wait for you you you you you you you you guys to hear it. If this is the first well um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh well one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back and listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to part 1 um like well uh like you know so it's not absolutely imperative imperative imperative imperative imperative imperative imperative imperative. But I do think that all of the information you know okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um well in part to her story all her tips the way way way way way way way way that she parents it's all like okay like like I mean okay so like so so so so so so so so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when you know I mean um um um um um um um um okay um uh I mean um where she came from part 1 is all all all all all all all all about her life as um so okay you know so well so a young girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a young well um like like like like like like like like well I mean I mean okay woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show so so so so so so so so I mean uh uh so um like start brushing on the top of your mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth on one side and brush the so you know like um like so um um um um um um um um inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines it's heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week and every day day day day day day day day we're talking okay um uh okay okay like you know about real life heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair of sisters who well well so so so so so so so so so okay okay um fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung truck and Trung uh um so so okay well so knee. A long long time time time time time time time time ago the Trung sisters were born in a uh um I mean um well you you you you you you you you know um country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have them trained trained trained trained trained trained trained trained okay okay like so I mean I mean uh in martial arts back in those those those those those those those those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can be be be be be be be be uh um so okay uh I mean you know a long thing, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey like hey like hey like hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey like hey like hey like hey like hey like you know I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and and and and and and and and hello. We're you know so so so um I mean um joined by special special special special special special special special special guest and he goes by the name of re you know I mean um um um um um um um um like so um well free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How How How How How How How How was well okay you know so okay okay I mean your day tiring long as as as as as as as as it was productive. That's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all all all all all all all all that's all that's all that matters. Come on, the um you know uh okay so so so so so so so so so so love that now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys so guys so guys so so so so so so so so guys so guys so guys so guys so guys as you know, our Tagalog uh you you you you you you you you know well uh uh uh you know word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires fires fires fires fires fires fires fires well I mean so like I mean okay um are so nasty. They are now now now now now now now now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of well like um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first first first first first first first first place due to uh uh so well I mean uh okay the tiebreak, which which which which which which which which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that like okay you you you you you you you you know uh well I mean I mean would make the most sense, but of course course course course course course course course not listen, I don't care if technically um I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so well they're not in first. All I care about is when you look look look look look look look look at the points it um well I mean like I mean uh uh is tied tied tied tied tied tied tied tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the situation we like you you you you you you you you know you know well well like okay are discussing right now is what what what what what what what what makes me so happy. So the Flyers beat the um okay so uh um like like like like like like like like uh Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back you you you you you you you you know so like so I mean you know uh in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the the the the the the the the topic so I mean um like like um uh of today's video is is is is is is is is going to be going with the flow and I got an email uh um um um um um um um um okay I mean uh you know so here from a client of mine that that that that that that that that I've been coaching for is probably since late last well okay so uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching him now. Well like like like like like like like like um well like you know um like maybe longer so he sent me this email email email email email email email email and he's got a couple of okay uh like like you know um I I I I I I I I mean situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets his All at at at at at at at at a you know I mean okay well uh you know okay concert and I I I I I I I I guess his group and her group of friends kind of emerged okay like like like like like like like like like you know I mean okay uh at some point, and she listened this. She says says says says says says says says that she told him to okay you know like uh you know so well well well well well well well well text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a a a a a a a a so well okay so like well I mean podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by mohabbat by mohabbat by mohabbat by mohabbat by mohabbat by by by by by by by by mohabbat by mohabbat by this is not okay well so so so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, you know I mean okay I mean like uh um and you're listening to to to to to to to to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I mean. My um um um um um um um um okay um um um you know like forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a what's a what's a what's a what's a what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's a what's a what's a draugr my I love so well um so you know I I I I I I I I mean uh saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret. We can we can we can we can we can we can we we we we we we we we can we can I mean you know uh I mean um okay so talk about about about about about about about about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to to to to to to to to I mean um okay okay like I mean you know talk about a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get to First I mean so like I I I I I I I I mean so you know well. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new new new new new new new new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics um um I mean like so um um um um um um um um um and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first time um you you you you you you you you know you know so so so like they're going to throw it in used at at at at at at at at least that we know of so read okay so so like so uh I mean a a a a a a a a little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this before um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um so well we went live here. They've apparently used this this this this this this this this puck in a couple games during the um I mean okay so okay I I I I I I I I mean so regular season without telling the teams or players that they were were were were were were were were using it. They've I mean you know like um uh okay uh given it to to to to to to to to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the practice with like you know know know know know know know know I mean um like okay you know the see if they can notice anything feedback was was was was was was was was generally positive. Of well like um you know you know like uh course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about you you you you you you you you know okay uh um I mean uh you know anchor which is the platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor so so so so so so so so so well um like um well its easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and let me explain it's free. There's creation I mean um um so so so so so so so so well so so tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from your uh um um I mean um well well phone or computer. Anchor will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so okay okay okay on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can can can can can can can can make money from I mean like like so I mean okay I mean your podcast with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make um so well um um um um um um um um uh I mean uh a podcast in one place. So download the free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor I mean um you know um like um um um um um um um um uh dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of Laguna Beach I mean okay um um uh I mean I mean the the the the the the the the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's uh it's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh um you know know know know know know know know uh um um um your host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just just just just just just just just sounded like Heidi uh you know so uh uh um you know like so so so so so so so so excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh uh um week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of of of of of of of of I mean okay so well well um you know a podcast, I found anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using well uh um I I I I I I I I mean okay so um anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor gives you everything you I mean um I mean like uh you know like need need need need need need need need in one place and you can produce the show right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone tablet you know like so so well like you know or computer. They're easy to use use use use use use use use creation tools allow anyone with the app to well like okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even even even even even even even even distribute uh well okay I mean I mean okay uh your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found so I mean you know know know know know know know know well okay okay I mean that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more more more more more more more more. You can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you can also easily make money okay uh um well I mean so well from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go so uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like you know to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a so so so so so so so so I mean uh well I mean well uh podcast. Let me explain. First of first first first first first first first first of first of first of first of first of first of first of all, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. You don't have to put any well okay well well so uh so money money money money money money money money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal deal deal deal deal deal deal deal. There are there are there are there are there are there are there there there there there there there there are there are okay like um uh well well like creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone well so like like like like like like like like so like uh so or computer. You have to go out and spend a a a a a a a a lot of money buying um well um so okay um uh software paying for for for for for for for for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it it it it it it it it so it so it so it so it so it so it can you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like uh okay uh be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and and and and and and and and the best part you can so I mean so uh well you know well make money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need uh okay well so so so so so so so so well well um to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go okay well like like well like um to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started reads ranches proud proud proud proud proud proud proud proud apart with um um like like well you know you know Marcos Garza and the the the the the the the the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If you like um like like like like like like like like like uh so like need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a a a a a a a a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his well um uh uh I mean like like like like like like like like you know team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 law.com 8 law.com 8 law.com 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 law.com 8 law.com 8 law.com 8 law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to to to to to to to to you know okay uh you know you know so uh the Charlotte Hornets a shovel shovel shovel shovel shovel shovel shovel shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to the March 1st episode so um well I mean okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean I mean uh eight women hosts today. You have got Sarah, Sarah, Sarah, Sarah, Sarah, Sarah, Sarah, Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello I mean I mean well uh I I I I I I I I mean um um greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring yes, bring yes, bring yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, bring yes, bring yes, bring yes, bring yes, bring a head waiting for some some some some some some some some sunlight. And just and just and just and just and just and just just just just just just just just and just and just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean like um so about all that Jesus began to to to to to to to to do and to teach until the day I mean um like I mean you know know know know know know know know uh you know he was taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the the the the the the the the Holy Spirit to the apostles uh I mean I mean okay um uh so so so so so so so so. He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many you you you you you you you you know okay well so well I mean um convincing proofs that he he he he he he he he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 um I mean well okay well well well well well well well well like so days and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was was was was was was was was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I um um um um um um um um I mean like okay well I mean uh wanted to take a brief moment today today today today today today today today to let you know about the easiest way um you know so well so so so so so so so so well um possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more more more more more more more more important aspects are um okay um well well um um actually having a service service service service service service service service to host and distribute the show as well as uh okay so uh uh okay um um um um um um um um software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to like like like like like like like like uh okay uh I mean well so host the packet a podcast and have a a a a a a a a distributed to different podcasting platforms um well uh like like so like while also using using using using using using using using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me um um um um um um um um uh I mean so you know you know like everything we need to record host host host host host host host host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so well uh uh tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually gives us the opportunity to make uh so so well you know I I I I I I I I mean I mean money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own own own own own own own own podcast, you better be I mean I mean I mean uh like so I I I I I I I I mean serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you and you and and and and and and and and you and you and you and you and you and you ready to hear like like like like like like like like I mean I mean well you know okay I mean from another friend of the show show show show show show show show. He's definitely someone I should have called before like uh so uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom whom whom whom whom whom whom whom I looked up uh you know like so I mean uh so to for a very very very very very very very very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like like uh uh field but also off the field as well well well well well well well well. So without further Ado, here's my conversation okay well uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean I mean uh you know um. Just what I needed just what I I I I I I I I needed. How are you my brother? well you know so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like That's all how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good good good good good good good good. It's going on. Yeah, I mean so so I mean I mean uh you you you you you you you you know um, you know, same old same old. I need to start this though with with with with with with with with um so like you know uh so you know a bit of respect here. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's the same thing. I did I did I did I did I did I did did did did did did did did I did I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like so um like well make a podcast and it's free their creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that you can use okay I mean you know okay okay okay uh to record and and and and and and and and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will so um I I I I I I I I mean uh okay uh uh distribute the podcast for you. So you can be be be be be be be be heard on every platform such as Spotify like like you know okay you know know know know know know know know like like and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you you you you you you you you need I mean I mean uh you know well uh uh in one place download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- so like like like like like like like like like well well like you know to get started. Can't wait can't wait can't wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait can't wait can't wait can't wait can't wait can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend I I I I I I I I mean okay like I mean uh uh I mean. Hello and welcome to the real real real real real real real real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once again once again once again again again again again again again again once again once again once again once again once again um like um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi Avi Avi Avi Avi Avi Avi Avi of Iron Lion soap okay well so so so okay like. He is he he he he he he he he is he is he is he is he is he is he is a fantastic soap soap soap soap soap soap soap soap maker based in Southern California. The company is Iron Lion so like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so uh soap. You can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can you can you can you can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and and and and and and and and iron line soapcom like so so okay you know um I mean. They make make make make make make make make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so in love okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so like okay with and so grateful that I made the connection connection connection connection connection connection connection connection with Avi, and we had like so okay um um well okay a chance chance chance chance chance chance chance chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is this is this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is actually the first first first first first first first first time um I mean well um well you know so we're going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're uh you know know know know know know know know I mean uh uh so okay going to talk to a real live student student student student student student student student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any um okay uh um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I no, I no, I no, I no, I no, I no, I I I I I I I I think you have it I mean like uh you know well like like wrong. Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk to them. Well, well well well well well well well well well, well well, well well, well well, well well, well well, well well, well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay I mean actually my dad's death so we can't call call call call call call call call him. Oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, that's oh, that's probably could I you know um you know like you know um um um um um um um um I mean you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you you you you you you you you think we can talk okay okay you know like you know um so so so so so so so so to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, so well like well um uh uh I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you you you you you you you you can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes okay uh uh I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, but me I I I I I I I I have ways. Yes, is yes, is yes, is yes, is yes, is yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, is yes, is yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Whistler in this well you know so okay um um well podcast. What we we we we we we we we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio uh um like um um um um um um um um like okay like versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you you you you you you you you enjoy this I mean well you know well well well um show, please do do do do do do do do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay okay well okay you are say hi to me on social social social social social social social social media on Instagram Twitter all of so like uh you know okay you know know know know know know know know you know that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say say say say say say say say hi to so like um you know well you know I mean me. Let me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me know know know know know know know know how you liked this show and let's get into it um so like well well well well well well well well uh um I mean. Hello. I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in in in in in in in in the video so well uh you know like uh uh today. We're looking we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking at the the the the the the the the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs um well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh um number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will will will will will will will will tell you so okay like okay like you know well that at at at at at at at at one point or another they have had some experience where they thought they they they they they they they they heard well uh okay like I mean uh you know a sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led um um um um um um um um um well okay well well uh them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central I I I I I I I I mean I mean well uh uh I mean well and your host for everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors like well like like um uh uh who who who who who who who who were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well okay um um um at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors out of approximately four you know um uh okay uh like okay hundred and ninety who who who who who who who who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have um um so like so so so so so so so so so well a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield you know okay uh I mean so uh okay. Thanks for being with us today today today today today today today today guys. What I'd what I'd what I'd what I'd what I'd what I'd what I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd what I'd like you to do is state okay like like so um so so so so so so so so so your name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield Burchfield. I'm well well I mean well so so like involved with mathletes boys lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and well um like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well I'm involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz band Symphony. Lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with with with with with with with with an you know well okay um um I mean well update on the new new new new new new new new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few weeks well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know um I mean new cases of this virus have been been been been been been been been going up and up as of right well like I mean uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And like like like like like like like like so I mean so so I mean I mean this virus has spread fast outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected uh well so like I I I I I I I I mean like like and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight the governor of okay um so uh um uh I mean Washington declaring a a a a a a a a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the US. The like like like like like like like like the like the like the like the like the like the like the like like like like like like like like you know like I mean I mean uh you know virus has killed at at at at at at at at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing about uh so so so so so so so so so I mean well uh uh more and more infections. There are now at at at at at at at at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me well I mean I mean uh like I mean I mean explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean uh like uh like so so from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute pop your podcast for you. So well uh uh I mean like uh so so so so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make make make make money I mean I mean uh okay I mean okay so from your podcast with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in I mean I I I I I I I I mean um okay like you know um one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able able able able able able able able to do this without anchor. So well I mean I mean okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to Anchor um you know uh so so so okay dot. F m-- to get get get get get get get get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted to let um I mean um like like like like like like like like like um so you know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast night night night night night night night night. We just have an I mean so so you know I mean okay okay interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all do a special well you know um um um um um um um um okay um like you know special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening you're listening you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the Star Wars so so so so so so so so like I mean uh I mean so well session with Matt Hudson and and and and and and and and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or evening well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well so so wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to to to to to to to to Star Wars sessions come for the Star I mean so uh you know know know know know know know know I mean like I mean Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba okay like you know I mean like I I I I I I I I mean I mean the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the the the the the the the the Essex Falcon like you know I mean I mean like I mean uh is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam so so so so so so so so uh you know like uh so okay and I'm here with Eric and puts this this this this this this this this feel even I live in Ohio uh okay um like okay well so Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk we talk we we we we we we we we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk about pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop culture um I mean I mean uh um um uh. We talk about conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider to um um um um um um um um um okay I mean well you know so was the creator With a lot of of of of of of of of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when um you know well okay so I I I I I I I I mean uh we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how how how how how how how how wacky is I mean um so um uh um you know there's a lot of different different different different different different different different elements to him in a lot of different uh you know you know well well well well well well well well I mean like okay components that we have to get into so there it's going going going going going going going going to start uh you know so you know so like well. All right. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up like well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um well in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the um you know um well you know uh um app I'm using it is is is is is is is is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's um okay well like um um um um um um um um I mean um creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast from your well so well I mean I mean uh I I I I I I I I mean phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple and um you know so I mean I mean well like many more without having having having having having having having having to do anything which is great and you can make money from you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um um so well the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is is is is is is is is also great man. You gotta grind you you know uh um I mean I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean got to get to where you're going. So it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to do all okay okay so okay okay so like one place place place place place place place place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store uh I I I I I I I I mean so like uh you know well anchored on FM online to get Started let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get in the madness. What's um you know um um you know like uh going going going going going going going going on? Everyone? Rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything rob everything rob everything and YG. You're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome to episode 2 of everything and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like well I mean you know you know YG's Madness. I'm excited to to to to to to to to get into it. The first episode alone did I mean so um okay you you you you you you you you know um um amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and and and and and and and and checking it out and so okay like I mean okay so uh reviewing it it it it it it it it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic of today's so okay like so uh you know uh newsletter is going to to to to to to to to be what to do when your girl goes psycho. So well so well so uh I I I I I I I I mean like obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic dr. Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic dr. Dominic dr. Dominic dr. Dominic dr. Dominic dr. Dominic dr. Dominic Deanna who you you you you you you you you have met I mean uh you know uh well well like and then Ashley, Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day and we got a uh um um um um um um um um you know uh okay um okay bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because because because because because because because because obviously the video that we I mean uh like okay um um so so so so so so so so posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked about in so uh okay okay well you know uh my first book 3% man man man man man man man man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully not okay I mean I mean um um um um um um um um I mean like uh full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other other other other other other other other out and Keen well okay okay okay you know so so each other's cars and and and and and and and and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like like uh like you know episode of podcasts devoted to cube cube cube cube cube cube cube cube in this season. We want to show you guys I mean like uh like so so so so so so so so you know you know the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to to to to to to to to uh so uh um uh um like your own Cube. Each episode will be focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully uh well I mean well well well well well well well well um you know um like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your your your your your your your your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm ooh, I'm ooh, I'm ooh, I'm ooh, I'm ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, I'm ooh, I'm ooh, I'm uh I mean you know uh uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file um um um um um um um um I mean I mean um well okay well coming from the lovely island of of of of of of of of Ireland. So Rupert, so Rupert, so Rupert, so Rupert, so Rupert, so Rupert, Rupert, Rupert, Rupert, Rupert, Rupert, Rupert, Rupert, so Rupert, so Rupert, what are we here to you know well so so so so so so so so I mean uh so I mean do? So essentially we are trying to give give give give give give give give you a short rundown as this I mean I mean I mean I mean um um um um um um um um like like for this first episode on what the former cube is all about about about about about about about about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is so so so so so so so so um uh I mean well I mean okay right now. It is me Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local uh you know like so I I I I I I I I mean I mean so bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she she she she she she she she gets here it is just well um you know so so like well yo boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back like uh like like like like like like like like well well I mean I mean to the roots. We're going back to her her her her her her her her Roots. I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say say say say say say say say I'd say I'd say I'd say like um like um um so um The The The The The The The The Boys Are Back In Town. That's another that's another that's another that's another another another another another another another another that's another that's another that's another that's another good way to say. Yeah, like like like like like like like like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like you you you you you you you you know um um I mean um so I'd say that the dogs are who let the Dogs Dogs Dogs Dogs Dogs Dogs Dogs Dogs Out Request would you say well um uh um you know you know okay that that that that that that that that I wouldn't have chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um so so uh so need okay? Yeah, as long as you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it um um like you know know know know know know know know okay I mean so always support your right to see random things. I support my right right right right right right right right to party and uh like you know so um so well you always you you you you you you you you got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh I mean I mean okay okay always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am I am I am I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and and and and and and and and like I mean uh um uh like um I became good friends when we were were were were were were were were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long you know uh you know like like like like like like like like you know you know you know Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she she she she she she she she was preparing to apply to occupational um like okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so so so so so so so so proud of her like well uh okay well uh uh Bree also has a a a a a a a a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her okay uh um I I I I I I I I mean um uh okay undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also also also also also also also also played basketball NCAA Division II uh okay um like you know well I mean at at at at at at at at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge um um um um um um um um so well um you know um uh about not only how to exercise but but but but but but but but also how to exercise confidence. We're uh we're uh we're uh we're uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh we're uh we're uh we're uh we're uh okay like okay well um um um um um um um um I mean going to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really really really really really really really really you know like so you know like so um tough situations and she's had to to to to to to to to pull out that inner strength to keep going so okay so I mean so so so so so so so so um uh in the face of some situations where she did not think she she she she she she she she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating I'm eating I'm eating I'm eating I'm eating I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm eating I'm eating I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design design design design design design design design and uh I mean uh okay you know well okay business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment well uh well I mean like you know know know know know know know know okay business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not not not not not not not not working so okay you know you know I mean um okay like that it it it it it it it it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment you experience the the the the the the the the flow so okay like okay well okay well. The he's integrity and undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable magnetism impact and of course income each week. I'm going to be so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well like I mean bringing you the human design and business in in in in in in in in a way that you've never experienced like um you know I mean okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to align by design. It you know know know know know know know know so well like I mean uh so is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard you you you you you you you you know uh well okay um well okay care and much much more all of their their their their their their their their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and like okay you know well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote promote promote promote promote promote promote promote prayer meditation so like you know uh uh okay uh on scripture and Marian devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion for ten percent off your entire order use promotional code Rua like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like um uh at checkout. And please check out the link in the the the the the the the the show notes. Today's episode uh you know so uh I mean well um is all all all all all all all all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend you know um um um um um um um um um uh well so okay enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will will will will will will will will help you meditate on the Lord's uh you know well uh uh well uh passion passion passion passion passion passion passion passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you can um um um um um um um um so you know like you know well like find the time to listen to to to to to to to to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks total talks total talks total talks total talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks total talks total talks total talks each I mean uh so you know know know know know know know know um okay um talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th july 16th july 16th july 16th july 16th july 16th july 16th july july july july july july july july 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old came came came came came came came came um well like okay uh well you know home from a long day at work work work work work work work work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez over dinner uh you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well okay. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting over San Jose the largest city uh I mean uh uh uh like um in in in in in in in in Northern, California. But his but his but his but his but his but his but but but but but but but but his but his life wasn't as idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well so so um went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin just like most nights but right uh so like um um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay away something felt different. It was all wrong. The drugs burned hot uh well so so so so so so so so you know uh okay okay through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he he he he he he he he began to hallucinate and well uh like uh okay okay so eventually passed out out out out out out out out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of of of of of of of of so so you know okay so uh so March 20 20 yesterday. We got we got got got got got got got got we got we got we got we got we got we got the GDP data data data data data data data data for the December quarter, you know I mean you know like so like like like like like like like like like which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit we we we we we we we we okay you know like um okay I mean well saw the annual economic growth head risen risen risen risen risen risen risen risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that GDP was so uh so um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 04% 04% 04% 04% 04% 04% 04% 04%. That economists okay um so um like like like were expecting. This does show that the the the the the the the the RBA is reading at the economy um okay well well you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was was was was was was was was correct. However, it you know I mean I mean like uh um well looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay uh uh to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home so so so so so so so so um okay you know um I mean um moms. And we just kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of want to share our experiences since I stay at you know so so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like home with my kids Sam works out of the home and and and and and and and and just kind of bring so um so uh you know so uh a a a a a a a a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great things. There There There There There There There There I there I there I there I there I there I there I there there there there there there there there I mean uh um you know okay uh okay are some really messy Parts about each each each each each each each each roll. So go and do whatever you uh uh uh like like you know well well well well well well well well do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your your your your your your your your kiddos well uh um I mean well well okay in their stroller and go for for for for for for for for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm I mean well like I mean well you know know know know know know know know you know Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created created created created created created created created the messy Mama uh uh I mean so like so well pod because we've both both both both both both both both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and uh so I mean you know know know know know know know know uh you know uh unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a a a a a a a a month were um um uh you know uh um you know going to be be be be be be be be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your story uh well well well well well well well well um like okay uh like advocate for your babies and connect with the other other other other other other other other messy moms in our community like uh so um like okay I mean dry. Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo Shampoo is shampoo is shampoo is shampoo is shampoo is shampoo is shampoo is shampoo shampoo shampoo shampoo shampoo shampoo shampoo shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your your your your your your your your you know uh uh uh well so like health Fitness and wants it to the the the the the the the the next level. It's time to level up. Hello and welcome um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh like you know to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode is called movement is you know um well like uh like um medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it I think it's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh like like well um what we've been saying for the last few weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks. I feel like we've been saying movement uh well I mean uh so well um um um um um um um um is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the post that we um so so so so so so so so you know well uh like so put on the Instagram page as as as as as as as as well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive message you know well okay like like like like like like like like you know uh well and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to really really really really really really really really talk about something that I'm super okay I mean um you know um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean passionate about and I know you are too. SLI everyday your training working hard uh you know know know know know know know know um you know okay you know like and all of that. I work I I I I I I I I work I work I work I work I work I work I work as an an an an an an an an osteopath. So this is well you know so I mean so so you know really really really really really really really really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm um um um um um um um um um like uh okay like okay here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always always always always always always always always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's like what's like what's like like like like like like like like what's like what's like what's like what's like what's the muscle that you're trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to you know you know uh I mean um well like build in in in in in in in in your meditation? Is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is it is it that you want to be more present is it okay um so so so so so so so so uh like okay okay that you want to be more intentional is it that that that that that that that that you want to feel more okay you know I mean so um you know I I I I I I I I mean of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it it it it it it it it that you want well so you know like I mean I mean okay to feel less less less less less less less less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You know, what is like um um um um um um um um I mean you know like you know well it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What What What What What What What What are you craving and notice in your um well uh I mean you know know know know know know know know um well life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice when those those those those those those those those things start to shift you know you know I mean like I mean so well well well well well well well well. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode 97 of hurdle a wellness wellness wellness wellness wellness wellness wellness wellness uh uh you know like so well okay vulgus podcast where I sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit down with inspiring individuals to talk about everything from their okay you know so uh I I I I I I I I mean so well big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid rid rid rid rid rid rid rid uh um okay like uh so you know of show coming to you on on on on on on on on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested well okay okay um so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh by many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or or or or or or or or top uh you know okay uh like uh so reads for 2020 something like that that that that that that that that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy um so so um like you you you you you you you you know uh what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for for for for for for for for personal development? uh um you know well I mean I mean um Well books to to to to to to to to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you so okay okay um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean at least the ones that have had the biggest impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact on me or the ones well um okay um I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know that are In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book book book book book book book book that okay um you know you know well I mean okay I've read and listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give so so well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um you guys a pretty good list and I did a version version version version version version version version of this a long I mean okay you know uh like well like time ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean well uh okay these onto the blog as well here probably in in in in in in in in the next two weeks or well I mean okay like uh you know uh so so so so so so so so. I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote real well well well well well well well well well well okay so uh um work to do but I will get to this this this this this this this this but if you hear me say well um um um um um well something and and and and and and and and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for like you know know know know know know know know okay so like okay well the fact that someone created pics insight and and and and and and and and I happen to work hard so I mean I mean like like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to learn it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of um like like like like like like like like like um I mean well well them are just really fantastic. If you if you if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you think about how far far far far far far far far things have come for us okay uh uh uh um you know you you you you you you you you know to be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that that that that that that that that were once okay like um I mean so uh I mean in the realm of of of of of of of of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome please welcome please welcome please please please please please please please please welcome please welcome please welcome please welcome please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know I mean um I mean to our podcast. He is an astro astro astro astro astro astro astro astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a so um like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube channel visible dark Astro like you know well you know well um um um um um um um um I mean. He is he is he is he is he is he is he he he he he he he he is he is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started like you you you you you you you you know like so uh like well. Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to space space space space space space space space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to well uh so you know like um um um um um um um um okay the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring we'll bring we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring we'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by considered by considered by considered by considered by considered by considered by by by by by by by by considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate of okay you know you know okay you know like well Malaysia Flight 370 still still still still still still still still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well uh well have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If If If If If If If If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you uh like okay well okay okay you know enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every okay uh you know so well well so so so so so so so so Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups cover-ups cover-ups cover-ups cover-ups cover-ups cover-ups cover-ups like well you know so like um you know follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 uh I mean um um um um um um um um um so I mean I mean evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV like well uh um so I mean you know talk now ladies and gentlemen, here here here here here here here here we are on the bachelorette have to Show like like well you know I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was was was was was was was was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and so you know you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love love love love love love love love our audience and we will you know um so you know um so so so so so so so so I mean give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this this this this this this this this is yall's like I mean uh um I mean you know so first time tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like uh well an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV. And this is I mean like okay well well um well of course your Bachelor crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say okay like you know uh I I I I I I I I mean uh okay said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce myself so you know you know like I mean uh uh. Only first got got got got got got got got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan well so I I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh I mean and a host here at the network network network network network network network network. So excited to be here, but me I mean okay so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean Christine be next. I call I call I call I call I I I I I I I I call I call I call I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and you you you you you you you you know okay you know like so um like everything in between because they they they they they they they they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I um so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D D D D D D D D the middle so uh like okay well like well amounts and this is is is is is is is is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in okay okay um I mean I I I I I I I I mean um okay All right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look look look look look look look look like you've never okay um um um I mean okay like listened to bash me a a a a a a a a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN ESPN of TV talk uh okay you know well you know so well now. It was was was was was was was was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show so okay I I I I I I I I mean um um I mean uh guys are hanging out with you guys so so so so so so so so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're here well well I mean well well well well well well well well you know um uh. We're going to go through it. You know what it it it it it it it it is. You know how we so you know uh like um you know so do do do do do do do do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over here by myself I mean I I I I I I I I mean you know well you know so uh on the team married side, but to my my my my my my my my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may may may may may may may may have you know like you know um um I mean um accidentally bribed a Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is there is there is there is there is is is is is is is is there is there is there is a reptilian a Draconian a well so um so so so so so so so so so well um humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid alien alien alien alien alien alien alien alien. Welcome to aliens like you know well you know well I mean uh um um um um um um um um us with me of course button below the other alien and Ethan Hello um like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean you know um. Both of you young producer. Alien Alien Alien Alien Alien Alien Alien Alien is welcome back to our show this time you know so um so so you know know know know know know know know I mean. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in US. Yeah, you you you you you you you you guys heard so like uh I mean like like uh about this Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah familiar with it huge um so I mean um I I I I I I I I mean you know okay. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for well well well well well well well well um I mean so uh so um this but their cat at 6:00 in in in in in in in in the morning. If you here they okay um okay so well you know uh start to to to to to to to to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let uh well I I I I I I I I mean um uh um like me have my fun. If you hear little sniffling sniffling sniffling sniffling sniffling sniffling sniffling sniffling and little like chipmunk noises like um um okay well like uh in the background, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean so um uh latest week or two kitchen. You're so like like like like like like like like you come up with the stupidest jokes when you know like like so I I I I I I I I mean you know so we feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that uh well uh I mean so I mean um documents everything about the the the the the the the the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers the people uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know um you know uh who run beloved venues and festivals. And And And And And And And And of and of and of and of and of and of and of and of of of of of of of of course speaking with musicians about that one like so like uh uh well um gig there there there there there there there there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain at consequence of you know okay well well well well well well well well like you know uh well sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight Fight Fight Fight Fight Fight Fight Fight class consequence podcast Network welcome um like well I mean uh like like to another another another another another another another another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented by W FP k @ I I I I I I I I mean uh so like uh I mean well W FP K dot org consequence consequence consequence consequence consequence consequence consequence consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very very very very very very very very first well I mean like well I mean you know like official episode of the the the the the the the the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November 1st uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um okay like um at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington. You're going you're going you're going you're going you're going you're going you're going going going going going going going going you're going to hear a very condensed version I mean uh so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well as questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions submitted like like you know like like um okay from our website some deer hunter hunter hunter hunter hunter hunter hunter hunter trivia and an interview with somebody on our crew and um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know so okay I should mention this room was very big very bhumi bhumi bhumi bhumi bhumi bhumi bhumi bhumi tall ceiling. So the um well I mean okay um uh okay Acoustics of of of of of of of of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you if you if you if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's um um um um um um um um uh well like so I mean you know the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There's creation um you know uh like you know I mean so tools that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone like like you you you you you you you you know like um um okay or computer anchor distributes your podcast for for for for for for for for you. So you can be heard on well um you know okay well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from like like like like like like like like okay you know well um well so your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in like well well so like like like like like like like like uh uh one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get like um okay well you know I mean so started started started started started started started started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning in. This This This This This This This This like I mean um okay um so like is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're no we're no we're no we're no we're no we're no we're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl um uh you know I mean okay well like kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind of do a well well well well well well well well I mean okay um you know okay like little bit of this that that that that that that that that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow um you know like well well you know I mean your favorite podcast. So So So So So So So So you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so you never miss an episode like this one or if you like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay um become a premium user you can download the the the the the the the the episode so you can listen to you know so so okay like okay you you you you you you you you know them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling I I I I I I I I mean um so I mean uh well I mean and also you can share this this this this this this this this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done well uh so you you you you you you you you know okay okay uh so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search search search search search search search search for well like okay you know so uh I mean D. Km/h or or or or or or or or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean well well wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you uh like like like like like like like like well I mean okay I mean like guys first official episode. Yes are are are are are are are are yes are yes are yes are yes are yes are yes are yes are are are are are are are are the trailer is up on a few a okay well I mean okay like like like like like like like like um okay few sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I I I I I I I I have a I mean um I mean well uh um okay mic this this this this this this this this time. It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it it it it it it it it doesn't it doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know like like like like like like like like well okay okay like um I mean across the world. So we're professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional now, but she was not doing that. It just like you know you know you you you you you you you you know well okay you know was a bad Mike. No, but no, but no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, but no, but no, but no, but no, but no, but my Sagittarius ass would have have have have have have have have loved to be halfway you know well I mean well um like so around around around around around around around around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're so you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready to you know you know um okay okay you know well introduce ourselves. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you you you you you you you you. I'll okay uh uh you know uh you know so be cheering with you an an an an an an an an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the benefits of um uh you know know know know know know know know like okay you know okay a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of of of of of of of of Hope There I mean uh um okay you know so uh are five great benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh you know you know you know to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa like you know like okay um well you know Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be serenading uh um um so so so so so so so so well like I mean you with a poem to start. So Andy so Andy so so so so so so so so Andy so Andy so Andy so Andy so Andy so Andy take it away. I'm going going going going going going going going to I mean um okay um like well um be reading a poem by one one one one one one one one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina okay so um okay uh I I I I I I I I mean so Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort of fantasy uh I mean I mean okay you know I mean uh vs. Reality Reality Reality Reality Reality Reality Reality Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I you know um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay I mean dream of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of of of of of of of of you to wake uh so um uh um well uh would that I might dream of of of of of of of of you and not wake but Slumber on nor uh um uh you know I I I I I I I I mean um uh fine with dreams. The dear the dear the dear the dear the the the the the the the the dear the dear the dear the dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds birds birds birds birds birds birds birds take flight uh I mean um well I mean okay I mean and happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy dreams. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay um uh so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Brian and so okay so well you know I mean uh we the premise premise premise premise premise premise premise premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's so I mean well so so so so so so so so um uh well no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we we we we we we we we the biggest like well like I mean you know um um thing that I I I I I I I I think this is founded on we found there's just such a uh uh okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so lack of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s 20s 20s 20s 20s 20s 20s 20s or sister this males. Yeah um I mean I mean um so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we we we we we we we we decided so um well you know you know uh you know to throw our our our our our our our our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe be groundbreaking and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um like uh like you know yes card. So I don't know we know know know know know know know know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter and I mean okay uh uh you know um so my co-host is is is is is is is is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics um um like you you you you you you you you know um um like that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as as as as as as as as we like uh well so like like um introduce each topic. We encourage we encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage we encourage we encourage we encourage we encourage we encourage we encourage you to to to to to to to to remember that some tomorrow will be your last um so um like uh you know know know know know know know know um so each new day could be your final chance to really really really really really really really really live. This week like I mean like you know uh okay okay we'll be covering covering covering covering covering covering covering covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay you know um podcast came from and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, okay, Andrew, okay, Andrew, okay, Andrew, okay, Andrew, okay, Andrew, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, Andrew, okay, Andrew, okay uh um like like so um what would you you you you you you you you do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to um um um um um um um um um well you know you know so okay die tomorrow? I would probably do do do do do do do do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something you know so okay um um um um um um um um I mean I mean um memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of of of of of of of of poke okay uh um you know like I mean so dad's there was was was was was was was was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um so well for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to to to to to to to to use and you know like well like so um you know I just love it. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit well like well okay I I I I I I I I mean well well your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there there there there there there there there was something okay okay like I mean you know well okay in my my my my my my my my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go into like um um um um um um um um okay so you know I mean like the episode. I uploaded or about to upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload and edit it there. It's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so it's so it's so flipping uh you know uh so like um um um um um um um um so easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor you know like well you know um so you know will distribute your podcast to all all all all all all all all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name it like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well okay uh and it's great download anchor now get it on the app app app app app app app app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I so I I I I I I I I mean like like um like uh have for you. Do you food now if that food food food food food food food food happens to be uh uh okay I mean I mean I mean like Gourmet Gourmet Gourmet Gourmet Gourmet Gourmet Gourmet Gourmet stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean um like shit. Then you need to go to Yummy Yummy Yummy Yummy Yummy Yummy Yummy Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods so like I mean well well well well well well well well well uh uh that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas pastas pastas pastas pastas pastas pastas pastas hot sauces mustards you know okay you know I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet gourmet gourmet gourmet gourmet gourmet gourmet gourmet so like you know you know I mean okay like food at ridiculously low prices is is is is is is is is the garyvee audio experience. What up what up what up what up what up what up up up up up up up up what up what up Podcast for today's episode like well I mean uh so well well well well well well well well um Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their their their their their their their their different hustles and I mean okay well you know you know I mean okay how how how how how how how how most of you need to break out of the mold. So make sure to okay like like like like like like like like okay you know okay I mean like hit them up and leave a review to to to to to to to to let us know what you thought and uh uh so so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking at some you know uh okay so so I mean so more educational objectives. Let's get let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get right to to to to to to to to it starting with fragile X syndrome. What uh so well I mean like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats repeats repeats repeats repeats repeats repeats repeats on um you know well you know well like uh the fragile X. Mental retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on the long arm of um you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like you know the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation inactivation inactivation inactivation inactivation inactivation inactivation inactivation of fmr1. So uh you know I mean I mean you know you know know know know know know know know you know remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you you you you you you you you so I mean uh well um like like to tweet me your feedback on on on on on on on on how you like weekly V and podcast form. So so uh okay I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay like please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and and and and and and and and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with you know so you know well like you know know know know know know know know I mean the W in there as well so I can see your feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback on weekly B7. Please okay well well like like you know I mean hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the okay like like like like like like like like so okay okay I mean you know Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, Vlog, Vlog, Vlog, Vlog, Vlog, Vlog, Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's I mean like you know um you know know know know know know know know I mean so then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up up up up up up up up Podcast today's episode is from so so I mean well uh I mean you you you you you you you you know a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks about about about about about about about about ageism and I mean well okay uh well okay like how he believes that Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent comes in all ages shapes and sizes. So make sure I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean well so uh to hit them up and let us us us us us us us us know what you thought with a review and like you know I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on is is is is is is is is about his son in uh um well well I mean like uh the industry and and and and and and and and sort of how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian so well well well well well well well well like um like so so believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We We We We We We We We as people like okay you know uh so okay like are stuck here on planet planet planet planet planet planet planet planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas I mean so I mean I I I I I I I I mean I mean so um often cause dissension anger and even hate but on on on on on on on on this platform I welcome open dialogue uh well like you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray gray gray gray gray gray gray gray is meant to teach well you know um well well um I mean and form and and and and and and and and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you you know so so so so so so so so okay you know uh uh okay have a story or perspective to to to to to to to to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like like um uh has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and and and and and and and and be a part okay okay so uh so okay you know of our community donate donate donate donate donate donate donate donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi beautiful hi beautiful hi beautiful hi beautiful hi beautiful hi beautiful hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I like well well well well well well well well okay okay like uh okay got a fat callus on my hand right now now now now now now now now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all you know well uh uh I mean well I I I I I I I I mean right. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were were were were were were were were just really busy um so I mean like I mean I mean like with with with with with with with with midterms papers. We went we went we went we went we went we went we we we we we we we we went we went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh so you know I mean so. Sorry, not sorry, not sorry, not not not not not not not not sorry, not sorry, not sorry, not sorry, not sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants participants participants participants participants participants participants participants kidney okay like so okay so you know so personal experiences or gut not not not not not not not not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool well so well well well well well well well well well well well okay Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal experiences um like well you know well like um guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity you know like uh like well uh well well well well well well well well case on page Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed in the podcast like uh okay so well I mean um. Do not do not do do do do do do do do not do not do not do not do not do not reflect the the the the the the the the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of like okay okay like like like like like like like like so so um this podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in in in in in in in in God Amy. Otto have um I mean I mean well so um so but but but but but but but but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean like like well so feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets like I mean uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I I I I I I I I deserve all you know um so so uh like so hey tofu steak steak steak steak steak steak steak steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you I mean like like like like like like like like like so you know um like haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me uh uh like uh so you know know know know know know know know you know explain one. It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have have have have have have have have to uh I mean okay well well okay I mean pay you have have have have have have have have to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, um um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know um too. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast so um I mean I mean well I mean I mean right from from from from from from from from your Phone or computer super simple super easy. You don't have to like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um okay um go to some studio and pay for some nice microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like well like I mean uh where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device Device Device Device Device Device Device Device this wonderful tool in each one of us you know you know so you you you you you you you you know um uh uh has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more more more more more more more more than 25 years. I've had I've had I've had I've had I've had I've had I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've had I've had uh um I mean I mean uh so um the opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for the voice well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay you know I mean and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify um I mean uh you know well so you know or whatever platform you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today well you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um like I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll be considering opening well uh so well um so like day happens this month. So basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically the MLB is in a really weird well uh uh I mean so uh um weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's I mean so so well you know so like possible that the Red Sox did did did did did did did did as well. And I just I don't really know like um well um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions for next year you you you you you you you you know I mean um I mean like okay you know. So To put it it it it it it it it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting well well well well um you know so down the top 31 Sports scandals of of of of of of of of the past 31 years in this episode I mean okay um okay uh you you you you you you you you know uh were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's team's team's team's team's team's team's team's uh like like well well so so loss in the World Cup. It was it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was a slip up by team captain you know so so well okay like well well well well well well well well Andres Escobar that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more uh um um um um um um um um okay uh okay so you know shocking sports events from history tune in right? Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your everyday to our March Madness I mean I mean so like so uh like special special special special special special special special listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd june 22nd june 22nd 22nd 22nd 22nd 22nd 22nd 22nd 22nd june 22nd june 22nd june 22nd june 22nd june 22nd 1990 for 22 so um um um um um um um um okay I mean well so um minutes into Columbia second match in the 94 World World World World World World World World Cup American midfielder. John harkes well you know I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um uh uh um uh podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You You You You You You You You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts I mean so I I I I I I I I mean okay um I mean well. There are there are there are there are are are are are are are are there are there are there are there are various tiers with different types of of of of of of of of goodies available. Do you want to receive um so so so well so so so so so so so so uh a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a part part part part part part part part of so like you know okay you know uh okay a Nori book book book book book book book book club get special access to Nori events. Go take a look so I mean I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know I mean um at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're offering and in that Spirit of being lean you know okay uh you you you you you you you you know you know okay well and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we we we we we we we we like to do I mean you know um well uh you know so this list of of of of of of of of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay like you know like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really really really really really really really really like to see but it uh well like so okay well so isn't listed listed listed listed listed listed listed listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer offer offer offer offer offer offer offer to like you know well um well um um you. You can send an an an an an an an an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out our podcast survey so you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like so anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, and thank you I mean okay you know um like you know okay so much much much much much much much much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been it's been it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been a while um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um well so you know since we had episode with just me me me me me me me me and Gerard So today we're you know uh well well you know okay I I I I I I I I mean going to have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now the way okay okay like well well uh like we're defining flipping for the conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation today is just the selling of any shaving you know I mean okay um I I I I I I I I mean um well related item that's significantly marked up from the original price. We We We We We We We We hope you enjoy uh well uh like so uh okay the conversation and now now now now now now now now onto the episode. Hot cake hot cake hot cake hot cake hot cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake hot cake hot cake hot cake flipping okay, if you can well um um um um um um um um well okay well you know um sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Justin Boon to to to to to to to to you know I mean okay so well so uh leave fantasy Analyst at the score score score score score score score score. The NFL the NFL the NFL the NFL the NFL the NFL the the the the the the the the NFL the NFL combine is over. We're recording this on okay I mean well um um um um um um um um uh so so Monday morning. So at so at so at so at at at at at at at at so at so at so at so at this point we've at least had a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple days to so um okay uh well I mean you know digest some of the the the the the the the the performances from the skill position players and that's what okay uh okay well well well well well well well well I mean uh I mean we're going to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers fallers fallers fallers fallers fallers fallers fallers from the so okay uh I mean like uh like combine. And I and and and and and and and and I and I and I and I and I and I and I know know know know know know know know I said this on last week's show but I have you know okay I I I I I I I I mean well um I mean so to reiterate you cannot freak out about one one one one one one one one data point from the combine. These so uh you know I mean uh I I I I I I I I mean like are Incredibly talented athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just just just just just just just just it's just it's just it's just it's just it's just it's just it's just an an an an an an an an example, but okay I mean so you know uh you know so they're / like like like like like like like like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay you know like um of a player but we did did did did did did did did learn some things some players had much better showing I mean you know well well well well well well well well uh um I mean well than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down uh well well well well well well well well um I mean I mean so like the biggest scandals in American political history history history history history history history history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The you know okay you know uh like like like like like like like like uh okay former Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his his his his his his his his campaign fund and Congressional okay you know like uh uh like I mean staff for for for for for for for for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean uh okay like getting ready to participate in a sting mission for for for for for for for for the FBI the past well uh uh I mean well so like few years years years years years years years years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had had had had had had had had uh well well uh you know okay like been poking around his Finance records. They They They They They They They They were definitely looking for something no matter um so well you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could he he he he he he he he could he could he could he could he could he could he could you know know know know know know know know um um well you know um okay play nice for a couple months and and and and and and and and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um well well I mean uh I talked a lot about getting out out out out out out out out of your mind getting out of the head and uh well uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me me me me me me me me and be like okay you know um like okay I mean at had an an an an an an an an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on uh okay so so so so so so so so uh like well I mean what she does to get back tuned in with her her her her her her her her heart tuned in with source and spirit you know I mean uh well well well well well well well well um you know uh and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some time time time time time time time time ago uh like so I mean well uh uh. I haven't I haven't I haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as as as as as as as as I would like. So uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh so uh like uh you know like uh like my apologies on on on on on on on on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know exactly well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know like you know so what that schedule is. There's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a lot of moving moving moving moving moving moving moving moving Parts happening right now. So um I mean you know so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you you you you you you you you know um okay I mean like like I mean you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like so you know um like chat magic Hot Topics personal development and and and and and and and and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious uh um like um uh like okay and and and and and and and and sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The like um um um um um um um um well okay so okay like Magic on the inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker maker maker maker maker maker maker maker at the sisters Enchanted where so so well uh like you know okay we aim aim aim aim aim aim aim aim to help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday well um like so um uh so magic in their lives. And today we are talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about about about about about about about about the world well so um so you know well okay of True Crime letting you dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive even deeper into some of the you know uh okay you know like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring the most well I mean um um you know so like fascinating True Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected we've collected we've collected we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected short so like like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas uh well well I mean so um you know. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world I mean um uh you know know know know know know know know you know well um really is you can find these original episodes for free on on on on on on on on Spotify or wherever you you know uh you know so you know well okay listen to to to to to to to to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well uh you know I mean in the description today. We're discussing cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd the well well okay well um you know like boys from the back pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we like okay you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast today. Like you so you know okay uh uh like well said with mixed Denson Denson Denson Denson Denson Denson Denson Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know like well story, but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is is is is is is is is you won't okay you know well like okay like um believe what this man's man's man's man's man's man's man's man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr like okay uh like like like like like like like like so you know so. Devon. He's having his location just a block away for over over over over over over over over four years going it um okay I mean so uh um so to the the the the the the the the University of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel I I I I I I I I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more you know know know know know know know know um you know so so um um voices in the church talking about the the the the the the the the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to like I mean okay okay um um um um um um um um okay okay the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing unfolding before our eyes so well okay I mean okay so okay. There are a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to okay um like so so so so so so so so you know like um start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast hosting platform. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you if you I mean like you know okay well like um haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain um I mean uh um um um um um um um um like so um it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast I mean well well um okay so you know right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you I mean um well I mean I I I I I I I I mean well well. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more more you you know okay I mean like you know you know I mean can can can can can can can can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's uh it's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh okay well so so so so so so so so you know like I mean everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one convenient location. So if you're um I mean like um you know like I I I I I I I I mean interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to to to to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm Vincent I'm Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent I'm Vincent I'm Vincent I'm Vincent I'm Vincent I'm Vincent I'm Vincent so you you you you you you you you know uh uh okay so so Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a a a a a a a a lot to talk about this week starting uh like uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over over over over over over over over the past week. We well you know um well I mean like I mean got got got got got got got got the NFL. We got we got we got we got we got we got we we we we we we we we got we got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo uh well um um um um um um um um um um you know okay. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally talk on it. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going well you know uh so um so okay to to to to to to to to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them. All All All All All All All All I all I all I all I all I all I all I all I I I I I I I I mean uh like like um like uh right lot talk about co co Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day outside uh you know uh so so so so so so so so I mean well so somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to to to to to to to to this week, but it's great uh like uh um you know well like pests who who who who who who who who week of sports the past week as far as been amazing. We you know know know know know know know know uh well well I mean you know well got two great matchups between Lakers in the the the the the the the the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring hiring okay I mean uh okay you know so well a room in the the the the the the the the village hall for the evening of September the first uh um I mean so you you you you you you you you know um well let me just see. Yes, we yes, we yes, we yes, we we we we we we we we yes, we yes, we yes, we yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's our main hall well well I mean I mean you know you know like that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the child sunroom sunroom sunroom sunroom sunroom sunroom sunroom sunroom okay okay um so so you know you know CH AR. LT o n that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's got seating for up to 100. Well, we well I mean so well like I I I I I I I I mean um are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping for at so like uh you know like like you know least a hundred and and and and and and and and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that that that that that that that that cost? Let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable so well so uh okay um so for work because swearing is encouraged. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a so like so uh okay like like like like like like like like um podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib nib nib nib nib nib nib nib episode okay okay like like you know well well 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have not seen you in in in in in in in in literal like a uh um so I mean you know um like month ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible um um um um um um um um uh uh so you know okay you know. We usually record In advance and we caught caught caught caught caught caught caught caught up on all of our episodes uh um so uh like uh well. So this will will will will will will will will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be be be be be be be be like okay like well I mean I mean I mean editing in the air on on on on on on on on the way to Baltimore. When do when do when do when do when do when when when when when when when when do when do when do you leave well I mean well I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? John John John John John John John Hmm Ice Mountain cloud um so so okay well okay like castle spring water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality sensuality sensuality sensuality sensuality sensuality sensuality sensuality and pleasure normalizing I mean okay well so so okay um what it means means means means means means means means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the um um um um um um um um um well um um like um mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to sit down with the authors okay okay well I mean you know like okay of of of of of of of of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing I I I I I I I I mean like like I mean okay like uh conversation filled with so much wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you well uh like um um um um um um um um well well you know use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow the postpartum void and so you know like so well I mean so essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 to like okay so well okay okay um 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I and I and I and I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I am here to tell you about so so so so so so so so you know okay um um okay you know the amazing app. I'm using I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm using I'm using I'm using I'm using I'm using I'm using I'm using right now now now now now now now now. It is called anchor this is the app. I I mean so I mean well well well well well well well well uh um uh use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a a a a a a a a friend so you know I mean um well okay um of mine who actually does does does does does does does does it as well because I thought at first oh well okay you know okay you you you you you you you you know so um my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to to to to to to to to so so I mean like um so um do it? I have no equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment. I have no money and I want uh uh okay so well okay um um um um um um um um to ensure that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and you you you you you you you you know so um uh well like okay how do we do that on a platform without without without without without without without without spending a lot of ton of like um well so you know well um um um um um um um um money, especially when you don't know what to do. So she told um um um um um um um um um um okay you know you know uh me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record you know like I mean okay you know know know know know know know know so I mean and edit your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you know uh you know um um okay okay you so we can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and well like you you you you you you you you know well um I mean you know you can make money with your pockets, which which which which which which which which is the most amazing thing like um well uh I mean so like ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right so so so so so so so so uh so so um uh you know now to just do it. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast um like uh okay so I mean so in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like you know I mean well um England. Join us as we we we we we we we we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well um um I mean your D6 and get ready for the priority roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll. Hello and welcome to Priority roll uh um okay okay um you know I I I I I I I I mean. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only Ben Curry Curry Curry Curry Curry Curry Curry Curry like you know I mean well okay I mean uh to talk about Battletoads. How are are are are are are are are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's well so I mean you know uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts so like like uh well uh I mean so is it time to so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like why are you speaking so slowly? well okay well okay well okay well well well well well well well well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay you know okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so Maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, so like okay uh like uh well my dulcet tones at times to you surely surely surely surely surely surely surely surely want to listen to me, you I mean like well um okay like I I I I I I I I mean know, get get the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram cram cram cram cram cram cram cram more of me in uh like okay like okay well I mean right? So what what what what what what what what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no no no no no no no no so so uh I mean you know um uh need to worry or I I I I I I I I don't need to worry that there's damage. And okay and okay and okay and and and and and and and and okay and okay and okay and okay and okay like uh like um I mean so so so so so so so so anyway, this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so you know uh point and movement really seems to make all the difference difference difference difference difference difference difference difference which I think is so well like um so so you know like cool. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of um uh you you you you you you you you know uh you know you know well my clients and she's actually turned into a a a a a a a a quite a dear friend of mine during our so um you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh time together. And so today we are going to be having a conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation about her journey so okay okay okay you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean that led up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what well well well well well well well well like uh uh um you know okay she likes about our time together things that that that that that that that that you can't stand also perhaps we'll uh I mean you know okay uh so so so so so so so so um see where it goes. But the but the but the but the but the the the the the the the the but the but the but the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy I mean like well um um uh uh cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse worse worse worse worse worse worse worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch like you know well you know um um um um um um um um like uh of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics analgesics analgesics analgesics analgesics analgesics analgesics analgesics and you know well I mean I mean so so um well those anal anal anal anal anal anal anal anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either. I'm gonna see so so so so so so so so okay uh I mean well so um ya. I'm going to see a little bit a a a a a a a a little my hole with a little you know okay uh well well you you you you you you you you know okay Jesus in there. Yeah. I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have all the power say that a normal normal normal normal normal normal normal normal voice okay well um uh you know um uh one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Johan okay so um like you know you know you know and this week. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess I mean uh okay you know know know know know know know know you know so like we're going to try and just talk about something reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason that's happened in the uh um so like uh so so news and I think think think think think think think think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh like you know so Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So So So So So So So So Trump so Trump so Trump so Trump so Trump so Trump so Trump so so so so so so so so Trump went to India. Oh, well well I mean uh okay so so so so so so so so so yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, you you you you you you you you know I mean you know uh you know um I mean okay look before we we we we we we we we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh like um the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like like like like like like like like to be boring right now like uh okay uh okay uh you know. I want to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is okay I mean well well well well well well well well um you know well so hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have have have have have have have have seen the movie names and stuff. You're well okay so like so um well well well well well well well well talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay uh you know like like he tried his hardest to get get get get get get get get there like to talk about them, which well okay like okay uh well okay is good good good good good good good good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? I I I I I I I I mean you know well so uh like okay Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you so so so so so so so so so so you know like um like so much for checking out our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You um okay uh like um so so so so so so so so like inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go go go go go go go go check out uh so you know um you know well okay today's message. I believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are like well okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well as a church and I just want to I just want to take take take take take take take take this opportunity um uh you know you know you know um so to encourage you you you you you you you you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco something in uncertain uncertain uncertain uncertain uncertain uncertain uncertain uncertain um uh like you know um um so. May God go in and bring it on on on on on on on on. I believe we are going somewhere and we I mean like so like like like like like like like like okay so uh are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to to to to to to to to be in our midst who can uh well uh uh uh uh uh you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this this this this this okay you know okay you know like uh um episode includes discussions of murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder and assault that some people may find offensive um well well okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was it was it was it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was a cold and rainy like like like like like like like like um uh well um you know like January night in 1968 in a low low low low low low low low Oregon a suburb just outside of uh um okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well Portland Linda Slauson a pretty 19 year old woman made made made made made made made made her way up a dimly um uh like um okay um you know lit lit lit lit lit lit lit lit Street weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had had had had had had had had she had she had she had she had she had she had she had come come come come come come come come you know okay well uh uh so uh to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking for for for for for for for for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead like um you know um well well well well well well well well so um. She found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today today today today today today today today I mean um so uh um well you know. I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a a a a a a a a junior at Cupertino High School and like okay uh so I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh a national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was she was was was was was was was was she was she was she was she was she was she was uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so okay um I mean um selected as the principal euphonium player for the the the the the the the the 2017, California Junior High at you know okay uh okay so okay like All-State honor honor honor honor honor honor honor honor band in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked ranked as one like like you know so like you know like of of the top top top top top top top top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been um you know know know know know know know know you know okay well well you know accepted into the HonorBound of America the the the the the the the the most prestigious honor bound in the nation you know uh uh you know like like like like like like like like like like this past summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international international international international international international international international euphonium and okay well you know uh I mean I mean um tuba is is is is is is is is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's so you know you know okay like um um life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with I I I I I I I I mean uh you know okay you know uh okay only the freshest milk and cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on well um um um you know um um um um um um um um uh your morning Bagel. Now where now where now where now where now where where where where where where where where now where now where now where you get that big ol should be the the the the the the the the only subject for um um um you know so uh well debate the cream cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since I mean so okay I I I I I I I I mean like um uh 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my my my my my my my my name is like so like like I mean uh you know Chris Ryan. I am joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and okay I mean okay so you you you you you you you you know okay well Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines southwest Airlines southwest southwest southwest southwest southwest southwest southwest southwest Airlines southwest Airlines southwest Airlines southwest Airlines southwest Airlines southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, what's so uh I mean so so so okay up? Okay Southwest okay Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest Southwest okay Southwest okay Southwest okay Southwest okay Southwest okay Southwest okay Southwest this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines I mean well well so so so so so so so so okay okay um. Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not not not not not not not not a doctor or um uh um okay so okay uh a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like you know like uh I mean to encourage all of you to download the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd okay you know so so well uh you you you you you you you you know FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy guys, I did okay okay uh uh you know okay okay not know, you know know know know know know know know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean you know like like it like five ten years before early early early early early early early early because all I need to do is download you know like like like like like like like like I mean um I mean so uh the anchor. I have I have I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have record my voice in it it it it it it it it and just click post I mean I mean like I mean well so I I I I I I I I mean and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in in in in in in in in all the I mean you know you know uh uh okay I mean major podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like well I mean do anything else. So this is just just just just just just just just too awesome guys. You also need to make use I mean so well uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean of it. If you have a message if you have some come come come come come come come come content, which so well so like I mean um like you feel that needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something um so um um um um um um um um so uh uh uh make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone welcome back to my shoes like okay well like so like you know podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to the one so I mean well okay uh you know you know Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um so you know uh like is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit five-digit five-digit five-digit five-digit five-digit five-digit five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to um well so okay I I I I I I I I mean um you know talk about that today Relentless. This is your your your your your your your your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by I mean um okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just I just I just I I I I I I I I just I just I just I just I just want to talk to okay you you you you you you you you know uh like like um I mean you a little bit today about some some some some some some some some happen to me the other day so uh well you know you you you you you you you you know like so and they've asked me if I tell you about it just because because because because because because because because it kind you know uh so um uh you know I mean of changed changed changed changed changed changed changed changed my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed it changed it changed it changed changed changed changed changed changed changed changed it changed it changed it changed it changed his well I mean okay um um um um um um um um well so like life changed my aunts life changed everybody's life. So So So So So So So So I was down at My Cousin so you know so um uh well uh Skeeter shop shop shop shop shop shop shop shop. But today I walked in there and I was trying to steal um um um um um um um um okay uh you know you know like so couple parts because my Ford ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he like okay I mean uh uh okay like like like like like like like like didn't know I was doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey you you you you you you you you know you know so so um so I mean bud. I got something I I I I I I I I need to tell you want to take a seat right there uh like uh you know know know know know know know know okay like you know. Tie a seat right there. He said I want to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you about something that like um okay I mean um you know okay I I I I I I I I found out they if you haven't heard about it. I think it's you know know know know know know know know um I mean okay you know well I mean wrapped right time. You did did did did did did did did. He says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable so okay like well you you you you you you you you know um okay to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is so so so so so so so so so uh you know okay I mean like Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've you know um um okay I mean uh you you you you you you you you know got a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a a a a a a a a an interesting like okay so I mean um okay you know scoop on Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and okay well um um um um um um um um you know like you know I mean see what's going on over in the Philippines Philippines Philippines Philippines Philippines Philippines Philippines Philippines. I'm not much is going on uh so like I mean okay I I I I I I I I mean like still saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here here here here here here here here. So like you know okay okay okay so you know let's fucking do this this this this this this this this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is like um um um um um um um um you know I mean so well like an interesting one and something I've been been been been been been been been working on for a while. Obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you um well I mean you know uh I I I I I I I I mean you know guys that have been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian Mandalorian I mean you know um uh uh like uh for season Mandalorian. We both both both both both both both both we both we both we both we both we both we both we we we we we we we we both liked it a lot but we aren't usually so I mean um um um um um um um um okay I mean so uh in the business of getting Star Wars scoops of of of of of of of of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs 13 okay I mean uh I mean well uh like 11. I read I I I I I I I I read I read I read I read I read I read I read a story story story story story story story story recently about a 24 year old who went to visit uh I mean okay um um um um um um um um well you know like a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits habits habits habits habits habits habits habits the author of the you know uh like so uh okay so article shared that through to to to to to to to to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks of uh okay you know know know know know know know know um you know so um financial reflection. She found she found she found she found found found found found found found found she found she found she found she found that she didn't have to give up up up up up up up up things. She really she really she really she really she really she really she really really really really really really really really she really loved to uh uh well like you know like like save money that realization realization realization realization realization realization realization realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her to uh um well well well well well well well well like like I mean okay make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each each each each each each each each which each which each which each which each which each which each which each lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted lasted about an hour they discussed uh you know uh like you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and addressed um um um um um um um um well well like uh okay um goals for the week. The financial accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability was intended to help her prepare and save so well okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full of so so so so so so so so uh um you know okay okay you know wise advice on how to handle and and and and and and and and how to view Money In fact like so okay uh you know uh well money money money money money money money money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we okay well well well well well well well well uh well uh well okay heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick get-rich-quick get-rich-quick get-rich-quick get-rich-quick get-rich-quick get-rich-quick get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional career okay well you know like okay okay so paths creative Endeavors and the the the the the the the the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking well you know um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the the the the the the the the hurdles um uh like you know well so okay and Hoops. We all jump through through through through through through through through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm um I mean um uh okay like like like like like like like like well your host. Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer developer developer developer developer developer developer developer entertaining expert creative uh well like I mean well so so director stylist Storyteller editor editor editor editor editor editor editor editor and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely um so um um so like like like like like like like like you know long list of things to do? Well it is and that's exactly why why why why why why why why we're here okay uh like um like I mean so every week. I'm going to to to to to to to to be sitting down with another multi - it whom um well uh uh um well well well well well well well well well I admired deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a a a a a a a a lot like so like um like okay um beaches? You can't hope to control we talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked about peace and you kill cuz uh I mean well I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um it's fun. You have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have you have you have made me very desperate. You might you might you might you might might might might might might might might you might you might you might you might not be glad so you know know know know know know know know like I mean like uh like that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or or or or or or or or comments participants kidney I mean okay well well so well um personal experiences or or or or or or or or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool Gary research so I I I I I I I I mean uh like okay um okay keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came came came came came came came came a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed like like you know you know I I I I I I I I mean um you know. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page page page page page page page page Carnegie such um well well I mean um uh you know. He coaches Keegan the views views views views views views views views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the so um so like I I I I I I I I mean you know you know views and policies of Spotify or the producer and and and and and and and and curator of this podcast listeners discretion okay um well you know so like like like like like like like like okay is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha hogatha hogatha hogatha hogatha hogatha hogatha hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina midoriko Tina midoriko Tina midoriko Tina midoriko Tina midoriko Tina midoriko Tina midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know well um well I mean. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh uh you know well okay so so so so so so so so uh your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for um I mean okay I mean um well okay you. So it can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like okay uh can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no minimum. Listen ship is everything you you know you know you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good good good good good good good good Echo I mean like I mean like like I mean uh the FM to to to to to to to to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk uh so like okay well well well well well well well well uh uh. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money money money money money money money money wealth means so well uh I mean well well um wisdom expansion assets. Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is I mean well um well um um um um um um um um uh um not just about how much money you have in your bank account account account account account account account account. It's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about about about about about about about about establishing Harmony uh I mean uh like you know I mean uh in your personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that well well well well well well well well so I mean you know I mean like um the word of God God God God God God God God you can seem to be dying light and it I mean you know so so so so so so so so you know um like uh will be priced. This is episode number 12 to this this this this this this this this word will be read um um okay you know like um like from John John John John John John John John 15 verses 9 through 17. As the as the as the as the as the the the the the the the the as the as the as the father has loved me I mean so okay so so so so so so so so uh uh you know. So have so have so have so have so have so so so so so so so so have so have so have I Loved You Now remain in my love. If you keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep my commands, uh so well so so um you know you will remain remain remain remain remain remain remain remain in my love just as I have kept my father's commands and uh you know know know know know know know know um like well so like remain in his love I have told you this so so so so so so so so that my joy well so well well uh okay okay may be be be be be be be be in you and that your joy may be complete. My command is this uh you know know know know know know know know you know uh I mean well you know love each other as I have loved you greater greater greater greater greater greater greater greater love has no one than I mean okay I mean well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay this to lay down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want I want want want want want want want want I want I want I want I want I want I want to you you you you you you you you know you know uh uh you know okay you know thank you for your support and and and and and and and and listening to each episode and I hope you so okay um uh like like like like like like like like like well enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to to to to to to to to make podcast. It's like like you know like um I mean you know know know know know know know know totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know well like okay okay right from your phone or computer anchor will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So you know I mean well so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more more more more more more more more okay you know so you know I mean okay you know you can also make make make make make make make make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to I mean like so so you you you you you you you you know I mean so make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to to to to to to to to Anchor FM to okay well uh uh like I mean okay get started. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean uh like well in the book one that mankind has been asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking itself since the beginning of recorded so okay like okay um well like history history history history history history history history and one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I I I I I I I I okay uh well I mean so so you know am use of Muhammad formerly known known known known known known known known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I'm I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so uh uh doing good. What are what are what are what are what what what what what what what what are what are what are what are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm with formerly known um I mean uh okay you know I mean you know know know know know know know know as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is um well well well well well well well well I mean like I mean like you know go ahead. And anyways, and anyways, and anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, and anyways, and anyways, and anyways, and anyways, and anyways, my name is Mario Mario Mario Mario Mario Mario Mario Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired aired aired aired aired aired aired aired like so um like well um I mean on YouTube. So the used to to to to to to to to be a visual element. There is not any more you know I mean like like like like like like like like well uh you know you know. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving um like like okay well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version well so you you you you you you you you know um um okay uh. This is why this audio version exists. If If If If If If If If you like us doing this, please do like so okay I mean okay like like like like like like like like like leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get okay so so okay um um um into this episode. So today's highly highly highly highly highly highly highly highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of I mean well well um um um um um um um um um you know you know entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of like you you you you you you you you know okay okay uh okay uh Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination imagination imagination imagination imagination imagination imagination imagination. It cannot be understated. You could um like so okay you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean love him. You can hate him or you can love to hate him um like like like like like like like like um I mean like you know uh but you simply cannot ignore his work work work work work work work work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is I mean I mean uh um um um um um um um um you know like okay America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and and and and and and and and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay I mean I I I I I I I I mean well okay well well uh emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying conversation which included her reading okay okay um okay so you know you know shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but okay uh like like like like like like like like uh like um well both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion on Reddit passionate I mean you know okay so so I mean I I I I I I I I mean Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake so well uh well I mean well well and eat it too with one trending post led led led led led led led led by user and ingenious username saying so like well well so like I I I I I I I I mean how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the the the the the the the the so well uh I mean like like uh show taking no accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay uh um okay show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role role role role role role role role in facilitating toxic environments. The show um um like so I mean like I mean is is is is is is is is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't well so so uh um uh um guarantee an engagement or a happily happily happily happily happily happily happily happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple well you know um so I I I I I I I I mean so like villains. Another user another user another user another user another user user user user user user user user another user another user another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at at at at at at at at College Christian you know like well so I mean so like church for the college college college college college college college college age. And today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today and today and today we are talking about emotions or loneliness in so okay you you you you you you you you know uh you know okay okay our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by by by by by by by by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? Girl? I'm doing like okay okay well so so so so so so so so you know uh so good. Good. We're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so we're so we're so we're so we're so happy to have you here. Taylor is is is is is is is is going to walk I mean so um well uh like uh us through her journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today's podcast uh like um okay uh like like like like like like like like I mean with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? you you you you you you you It well well you know um um uh you know started in high school. I could could could could could could could could see it sprouting, but I had uh you know um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so a good Community there, but it really started to take effect my my my my my my my my first year you know okay well well well so like in college definitely hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind well like you know know know know know know know know like you know well okay of came about in college? Well, I well, I well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I came to Missouri Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern Southern I go like you know like well I mean okay so to Missouri Southern but but but but but but but but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the it's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the easiest way to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know okay well like you know make a podcast and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's actually made it very easy for me to provide well like well like um um um um um um um um you know well you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow so well I mean well I mean um like me to record and and and and and and and and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may remember Episodes uh like like like like like like like like okay um um uh um of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor made it very easy um uh you know so well uh you know for for for for for for for for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone. It's everything you need to to to to to to to to you know like well okay I mean I mean okay make a podcast in in in in in in in in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look so so so so so so so so like like like like so well at the Gospel reading from today's mass and and and and and and and and then we're going to try and provide you know like so you you you you you you you you know I mean like uh an exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So So So So So So So So today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's reading is from okay so um okay um like I mean Matthew chapter 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned um like well well well well well well well well you know um okay so how it was said you must love your neighbor and hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate your enemy. But I but I but I but I but I but I I I I I I I I but I but I okay you know uh um so um I mean say say say say say say say say this to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in you you you you you you you you know you know like so well well well this way. You will be sons of of of of of of of of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun so like you know so so so so so so so so well uh you know to rise on bad men as well as good and and and and and and and and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m m m m m m m m I mean you know so uh so so like. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need like I mean so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the the the the the the the the major channels including Spotify you know okay you know you know like uh you know know know know know know know know Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money uh um um like like like like like like like like like um well with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor like like like like like like like like you know um so um um um app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to to to to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with with with with with with with with so like you know you know um uh you know poles and some killed her her her her her her her her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of okay like well well well well well well well well well um okay I mean two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and and and and and and and and also joined by Matt you know um okay um I mean like um gooley gooley gooley gooley gooley gooley gooley gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song song song song song song song song like you know you know uh you know so uh by brooke-taylor to be be be be be be be be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at 2020 at 2020 at 2020 at at at at at at at at 2020 at 2020 at 2020 at 2020 at Freddy when um well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay well polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also also also also also also also also have five beers I mean you know I mean like so you know okay on on on on on on on on tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we try um um um um um um um um okay you know well okay um um and have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes on Michelle uh um so well um uh so Carter from the crimes of of of of of of of of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad Roy from committing like uh okay um um um um um um um um you know you know you know suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind and then encouraged him to like so so uh you know uh well commit suicide he he he he he he he he did is she responsible for his death or did the medication she like like like like like like like like you know well um um I mean okay was taking effect her behavior to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear more about So it's like this follow Crimes I mean so uh so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due to to to to to to to to the you know um um you know like like you know graphic nature of of of of of of of of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions you know I mean I I I I I I I I mean well uh uh okay of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have um um um um um um um um so so okay so okay well one word. Anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the easiest way way way way way way way way for you to start and make a um um you know uh um you know know know know know know know know like podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you you you you you you you you that okay like you know uh okay okay you know allow you to record and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And like okay um um um um um um um um um I mean well like once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing Distributing your podcast um like uh well well okay you know too many different platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not uh um um um um um um um um okay so like like so only is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with with with with with with with with anchor it's possible for uh I mean so like like I mean well you you you you you you you you to make money talking about the things that you love with no minimum um so so so so so so so so well you know you know well okay listenership. I know you're probably thinking to to to to to to to to yourself. This is too good to well so uh I mean I mean well well well well well well well well like be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you ready for this this this this this this this this zero? okay you know I mean um I mean you know like It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing like like like like like like like like okay uh you know okay okay um show. So I so I so I so I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My My My My My My My My thought my thought my thought my thought my thought my thought my thought my thought was was was was was was was was I'm here. Maybe well maybe well maybe well maybe well maybe well maybe well maybe well maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe well um well you know I mean um uh it's just beginner podcaster faux faux faux faux faux faux faux faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh uh so in the morning? Good night for another episode of the the the the the the the the my coolant shitty show of that well uh okay um I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening like like like like like like like like so okay you know um um I mean to our little podcast. We say say say say say say say say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for well um like um well like uh the the the the the the the the first time. We're really we're really we're really we're really we're really we're really really really really really really really really we're really we're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look well um so so so so so so so so well I mean like you know like you hit play Hey for all of you you you you you you you you that haven't done this already. We'd okay uh um okay I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help help help help help help help help. Bus out uh okay well okay well okay like you can do that wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've like well like like like like like like like like I mean you know um okay got a Facebook group for you as well to engage engage engage engage engage engage engage engage with us and a fan favorite. We want we want we want we want we want we want we want we want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a you you you you you you you you know okay you know okay well well um 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and and and and and and and and autism over a hundred eighty okay well so so you know like like like like like like like like you know thousand titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 MP3 MP3 MP3 MP3 MP3 MP3 MP3 player. Before we get um um like well so like like into today's episode. I just just just just just just just just want to take a minute to talk to uh uh so okay um um um um um um um um um um you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from from from from from from from from Episode 34 like so like I mean like um well of Adventures in autism. She She She She She She She She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web I mean so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know uh app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with with with with with with with with special needs to make friends uh you know uh you know I mean I I I I I I I I mean well based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can can can can can can can can also sign up okay well so uh so like I mean to connect with other other other other other other other other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like like uh okay I mean uh you know host many of you might already know that we we we we we we we we record each episode using uh you know uh you know like okay well anchor, but if if if if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay so like the easiest most efficient way to record a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you can make money from you know I mean like I mean okay well well well well well well well well like the podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation like I mean you know you know I mean you know um tools that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or um um um um um um um um um um okay well uh uh computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. That you you you you you you you you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast okay well I mean I mean uh you you you you you you you you know okay and many other platforms and the best part is it's free. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything you uh well I mean like um I mean uh need to make a a a a a a a a podcast in one place. So get so get so get so get so get so so so so so so so so get so get so get on it and go well I mean um you you you you you you you you know I mean well uh download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- and so uh so like well so so get started today. Why is is is is is is is is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness witness witness witness witness witness witness witness nor Dame's so uh um you know um okay okay first spring practice on on on on on on on on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know about you guys you know know know know know know know know you know uh I mean um well okay. But those those last couple of of of of of of of of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and pre-august if I um you know you know know know know know know know know um um I mean you know skip one. Yeah, give me something give me me me me me me me me something to work with and we um so uh well I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions in in in in in in in in February. I well well um I mean I mean you know okay know I I I I I I I I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and That's well well well well well well well well like so so um you know you know what we do but it's good to to to to to to to to have a practice under our belt we can talk you know you know um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like about that will talk extensively about that. I want to start with with with with with with with with the in book like you know okay uh well so you know because and Pete Pete Pete Pete Pete Pete Pete Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday of the guys you know well okay I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know you know that stood out to you and I put put put put put put put put out a list this morning of the you know um well okay so um um um um um um um um okay five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I we were were were were were were were were pretty comparable there I mean well like uh um so so especially at safety safety safety safety safety safety safety safety check out your list, but but Ian but I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh um like I mean you know I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Hannah OD worn in um um well well well well well well well well uh so okay like this podcast. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of of of of of of of of being restored to well well you know uh well uh um life again through stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and like I mean you know know know know know know know know okay you know um I mean most of the time messy. Thanks for for for for for for for for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody uh uh okay uh um well so so so so so so so so today. I have my good friend will with me on the show. What up, you know you you you you you you you you know I mean um okay like you know he is from Texas. Yeah good to to to to to to to to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's uh so so um you know I I I I I I I I mean so right. But today we're just going to be talking about dating dating dating dating dating dating dating dating and especially in so uh I mean uh um like okay the the the the the the the the Christian world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so um um um um um um um um so I mean you know okay well uh just tell me a little bit about about about about about about about about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection of my I mean I mean okay uh so so okay view on on on on on on on on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously in the um like like like like like like like like you know um you know okay you know Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth karev to okay I mean okay okay um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable age. And And And And And And And And like well well um um okay I mean as well breakfast is sponsored by by by by by by by by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving memory you know I mean okay you know know know know know know know know well okay so and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the the the the the the the the key a cold brew is dedicated in I mean like like so you know know know know know know know know so uh loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch them them them them them them them them out you know well I mean like so I mean okay for my in in in in in in in in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom family Robert. I you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay I mean I mean Robert I rabbit a rabbit a a a a a a a a this week splashes fascinating they attacked it okay I mean I mean so I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking um um um um um um um um so uh so um okay you know this is a clinic. This is is is is is is is is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome you know uh I mean okay I I I I I I I I mean okay um to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be be be be be be be be your host. I'm I mean well like you know like like you you you you you you you you know not joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling scheduling scheduling scheduling scheduling scheduling scheduling scheduling things so well um I mean well well okay. Like I've said today the the the the the the the the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the okay like okay well well well well well well well well um like I mean course of the week to come up with things things things things things things things things that I wanted to talk about. And you know I mean like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh you know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't have have have have have have have have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're your um so like like I mean like well hosts. I'm Erica and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys about you know you know know know know know know know know okay you know well you know um the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And And And And And And And And this was a case suggestion by well um so you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and and and and and and and and leaving um uh so uh so uh so a comment for us and we're excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to share this case with you support uh um like well like so uh yourselves a a a a a a a a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um so like um um a customer is pulling into the the the the the the the the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her okay okay so well um so um nails nails nails nails nails nails nails nails done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you you you you you you you you how okay like well you know like uh okay the investigator as reminiscent of a a a a a a a a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it sometimes it sometimes it sometimes it sometimes it sometimes it it it it it it it it sometimes it sometimes it takes years uh okay you know okay okay so so so so so so so so so to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man aman aman aman aman aman aman aman aman aman aman aman aman aman aman was born who would you know well I mean so so so so so so so so uh you know like eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It It It It It It It It would take years for uh so okay um um okay you know police to connect connect connect connect connect connect connect connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator agator agator agator agator agator agator agator agator agator agator agator agator agator agator who like so like okay uh well well got the the the the the the the the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, but okay um you know know know know know know know know um like um uh your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning cup of you know so um I mean well well okay murder on May May May May May May May May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside I mean like like like like like like like like uh okay so you know okay of her, Texas Apartment. She had she had she she she she she she she she had she had she had she had she had she had been suffocated by a pillow pillow pillow pillow pillow pillow pillow pillow as the investigation you know well I mean so you know so so began. Just three three three three three three three three just three just three just three just three just three just three just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, let me tell I mean uh okay I mean okay okay you know you about about about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me explain first. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like uh you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean like so free. That's the truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow you to I I I I I I I I mean okay okay well okay uh uh record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your phone or computer and anchor will uh um so so like I mean well distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts okay um like um um um um um um um um like like so and many many more places to list keeps on growing and you you you you you you you you can make money uh um okay okay so I mean so from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make a well you know know know know know know know know well you know like well you know podcast in one place. So get started today today today today today today today today start your podcast get your voice out okay well well okay uh like like like like like like like like I mean there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get get get so I mean well you know you know like um started and now a word about about about about about about about about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all um so like you know you you you you you you you you know like um of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in in in in in in in in one place for okay like I mean okay like uh like free. You don't even even even even even even even even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so uh I mean every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of I I I I I I I I mean well like uh well okay I mean my beach hats. How are you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys doing today? I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I hope I hope you had a okay uh like so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, except it's you know well okay I mean you know okay okay on earbuds earbuds earbuds earbuds earbuds earbuds earbuds earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some uh um so so so so so so so so uh I mean okay uh like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to to to to to to to to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've um, we've um, we've um, we've um, we've um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, we've um, we've um, we've got well you know like so so uh okay some some some some some some some some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to to to to to to to to well I mean so you know um okay like talk about anchor if you haven't heard about about about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to you know so um well well uh okay make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to okay so uh you know like okay well record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your you know well so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify. Apple pie apple pie apple pie apple pie apple pie apple pie apple pie apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple pie case well I mean I mean I mean well okay uh and many many many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and and and and and and and and like I mean I mean I mean you know so well it's everything you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place download the free you know know know know know know know know well I mean okay well like I mean anchor app or go to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going um I mean well like like like like like like like like well like uh to love this one? I put I put I put I I I I I I I I put I put I put I put I put out so much content that that that that that that that that if you listen um uh uh I mean so so I mean to to to to to to to to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you I I I I I I I I mean well I mean I mean well well uh by anchor if you aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution side and so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay like um an app is well, if you aren't aware of what what what what what what what what it is. It's definitely one like like so I mean I mean like like of of of of of of of of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor will help okay I mean so so so so so so so so you know um uh well you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different different different different different different different different platforms. It also has a okay so so so I mean uh uh lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from a phone like well well well well well well well well okay like like okay so or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a a a a a a a a nice podcast all I mean uh okay uh like I mean well in one one one one one one one one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go go go go go go go go to well you know um like I mean um well Anchor or FM to get get get get get get get get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, uh um so um so I I I I I I I I mean so bro, I'm good. And it's and it's and it's and it's and it's and and and and and and and and it's and it's and it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay um uh for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom um like like like like like like like like like uh so um okay wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to Brandy is going so okay you know well well well um to hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze okay like like like like like like like like uh like so okay so of Raven I with us but before we hop hop hop hop hop hop hop hop into that, I just wanted to go well you know um so I mean I I I I I I I I mean okay over I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic romantic romantic romantic romantic romantic romantic romantic capabilities. I think I mean so um I mean uh um so I came came came came came came came came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My My My My My My My My so I mean uh so so okay well boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write write write write write write write write thoughtful cards out, but I personally think like okay so uh uh okay so so so so so so so so I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered covered covered covered covered covered covered covered in chocolate because so um I mean well I mean uh I mean he he he he he he he he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide like I mean I mean uh you know um well to get stronger bulletproofing training training training training training training training training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and I mean you know okay um um um um um um um um um like okay racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the the the the the the the the most interesting okay well like well okay you know um and accomplished guests and and and and and and and and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those I mean uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well um long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a a a a a a a a certified you know well uh so I mean um well nutrition and weightlifting coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay you know like uh pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on on on on on on on on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger okay okay okay uh I mean you know know know know know know know know uh and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can you can you can you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can also join our Facebook Community you you you you you you you you know well um um well I mean uh by clicking visit group on our page and and and and and and and and sending us a member of I mean uh like okay I mean you know know know know know know know know I mean West if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a a a a a a a a review on like uh okay you know so so okay iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may may may may may may may may ask that uh you know well um so uh like is my best best best best best best best best friend since the second grade when I was seven years old Nate nasty couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple like uh I mean so well well you know of nicknames. He had gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert Boos. Oh the clown the I mean so so so so so so so so well like uh um okay guy has all sorts of nicknames and I I I I I I I I assure you I'm going to tell like uh so I mean uh so um um um um um um um um you those stories from all over. The years but the reason we're looking for Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate uh uh okay uh um um I mean nasty or finding Fergus is is is is is is is is because he has a propensity to disappear and I'm you know like uh uh like like like like like like like like you know like not saying like three four weeks at a time or maybe even even even even even even even even a couple days when I mean okay so I mean I mean um um I I I I I I I I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking six months to a year. This I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean um so um man can disappear at times. He has a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to to to to to to to to so so I mean well okay well um business owners looking for a better way way way way way way way way in business and life this week. We're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking well you know like you know okay like like like like like like like like like for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so so so so so so so so you know well so well um uh okay well what? I'm really glad we decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided to look at this book this week because like so you know um well like like like like like like like like uh I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and and and and and and and and I realized so much um I mean so well you know you know so so so so so so so so of this stuff. I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I I I I I I I I didn't I didn't I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, um um um um um um um um okay uh you know well well uh but it kind of just there so so so so so so so so intuitive they just kind of made their way so um um so I mean like like like like like like like like you know into my routine because I was aware of a way to do do do do do do do do things better integrate um okay you know uh you know I mean uh at the the the the the the the the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this this this this this this this this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use okay like like like like like like like like okay um um like well it. I know I don't even think we we we we we we we we get past the Faustian well okay like like okay like so and right right right right right right right right so hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of you know um I I I I I I I I mean okay uh so okay God special guest for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift Lift Lift Lift Lift Lift Lift Lift my English the funding. What are you know okay uh um okay um you know know know know know know know know you here for the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but but but but but but but but I mean okay you know you know uh you know okay English on the translator is is is is is is is is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend so bend so bend so bend so bend so so so so so so so so bend so bend so bend as our well um um so like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge well I mean okay you know like okay you know today. We'll speak we'll speak speak speak speak speak speak speak speak we'll speak we'll speak we'll speak we'll speak we'll speak we'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin technique. So stick so stick so stick so stick so stick so stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick so stick so stick around when I um so I mean well well like like like like like like like like uh was a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about about about about about about about about 13 or well uh okay well so well like 14 years old. I was having having having having having having having having a tough time making a decision on whether uh uh well um so well I I I I I I I I mean I wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I I I I I I I I I mean um so uh you know you know I mean was a trumpet player. Already Already Already Already Already Already Already Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the you you you you you you you you know like uh like okay um so community of Legends of runeterra. This episode is is is is is is is is supported by listeners like you to I mean um well um you know well okay become become become become become become become become a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this like I I I I I I I I mean like you know like um I mean. Hello and welcome to Legends cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and well well so uh uh uh you know know know know know know know know the community of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark like like like like like like like like you know like so well uh like looks or the lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with and with and with and with and with and with and with with with with with with with with and with me tonight is well, well okay well uh so well well actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually nobody. This is a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and and and and and and and and okay you know well okay well so um I could not get our schedules to to to to to to to to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can can can can can can can can listen to uh you know like uh so so I mean all of of of of of of of of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium so I mean uh I mean so um uh account Spotify has a huge catalogue of of of of of of of of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can uh I mean I mean okay so so so so so so so so you know like follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users users users users users users users users can download well um like I mean well um um episodes to listen to offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to I mean well um um um um um um um um you know well okay okay with your friends on Instagram, so if you you you you you you you you haven't done so already Ready, be I mean um so well well like well sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse so so um so I mean well well podcasts in the your library library library library library library library library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so um I mean uh never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This This This This This This This This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is Optimal Health daily episode 948 I mean you know okay like um so you you you you you you you you know the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by by by by by by by by Rachel Trotta of Rachel like so um well so well I I I I I I I I mean Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic um okay so okay uh like okay hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on on on on on on on on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually um I mean uh I mean so so so so so so so so so you know posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in in in in in in in in children less than 10 years well like like um you know like so of of of of of of of of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay you know uh may be required if there is an intra-articular intra-articular intra-articular intra-articular intra-articular intra-articular intra-articular intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these I mean I mean well like okay so well well well well well well well well injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations um like okay well like okay well. And these injuries are more common than hip hip hip hip hip hip hip hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These okay these okay these okay these okay these these these these these these these these okay these okay these okay these okay okay um I mean uh you know like like like like like like like like injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in well well well well well well well well uh uh well like well I mean patients aged less than 10 may may may may may may may may be secondary to a low energy sports well well you know you know I I I I I I I I mean um okay injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you did you did you did you did you did you did you did you you you you you you you you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky so um like um um um um um um um um you know um you know at lap record, but it's fun time with you you you you you you you you. See for forward Tyler did all so okay okay um uh well I mean that that that that that that that that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was uh um so so so so so so so so well I mean um like the unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't have any uh well uh so uh like so rainbows on the island. So if there were were were were were were were were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Hello okay uh well like uh um so everybody and thanks for hanging out out out out out out out out with us on this Tuesday. For those of I mean um uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so you who don't know. We usually we usually we usually we usually we usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually we usually we usually we usually shoot these shows day before and there were some major major major major major major major major okay I mean so um um uh well major news dropped today and I'm sure you you you you you you you you know about it. I don't well so uh so okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean know how much time you've had to think about this but this is a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay okay um I mean new story that really does impact your life life life life life life life life a lot stuff. So I think it's time you I mean um okay so so so so so so so so like well like have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about about about about about about about about the new baby um uh um okay so okay I mean. I figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured I figured I figured I figured I figured I figured I figured I figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually did as well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like so like much research. You looked you looked you looked you looked you looked looked looked looked looked looked looked looked you looked you looked you looked into it to find out what her deal deal deal deal deal deal deal deal was and so so well you know well well like her deal is it looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most most most most most most most most Sinister like I mean so uh uh so uh. I cannot defile seems a a a a a a a a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy you know I mean uh like like like like like like like like I mean like you know tickets to come to your shows. You don't need need need need need need need need this right here. I promise well well uh I mean like you know like you you you you you you you you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around around around around around around around around I mean well well um like I mean you know. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick little intro on what you're about to well um um you know you know know know know know know know know uh I mean hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations okay okay uh uh um so um the class class class class class class class class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so um like uh so come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it it it it it it it it's really good talks about core I mean okay I mean so you know um um um um um um um um um values talks about how important those are and how vital it is is is is is is is is to know what um well like I mean like okay well your core values are are are are are are are are so you can create culture within your team within your you know okay um you you you you you you you you know um okay you know friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have you have you have you have you have you have you you you you you you you you have you have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to to to to to to to to um okay um you know well uh um give you an urgent Flamingo update update update update update update update update. On the line. We have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we have we have we have our Flamingo correspondent uh well well well well well so so so so so so so so Hi, how are you? This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this is this is this is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from arango from arango arango arango arango arango arango arango arango from arango from arango from arango from arango from arango from the American Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum Museum of okay okay I mean I mean um you know so Natural History. You heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where um so like um I I I I I I I I mean so well we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the the the the the the the the planet. Yeah uh okay well I mean uh I mean I mean. They're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I okay like like like like like like like like um like I mean you know uh don't know if you're on social media, media, media, media, media, media, media, media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has been you know you know like like like like like like like like so you know well you know a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I I I I I I I I saw it. It was, you know brought uh like uh you know I mean I I I I I I I I mean I mean to my attention by a few people. It looks like like like like like like like like a picture from a flamingo um I mean so so you know um um um um um um um um so crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the okay I mean like well well um like SVU after show here and and and and and and and and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here okay you know uh you know you know know know know know know know know well you know with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL LL LL LL LL LL LL LL. Oh and you're uh like I mean I mean you know okay so the CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know uh like um it's great. If you if you if you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you haven't joined us before welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome. Let us let us let us let us let us let us let us let let let let let let let let us tell you ahead okay so like okay well okay like of time that that that that that that that that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well um you know so out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their Their Their Their Their Their Their Their hotline is 165 six four six seven three you know okay I mean you know know know know know know know know um okay uh one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can can can can can can can can uh uh like you know you know I mean you know be an adventure adventure adventure adventure adventure adventure adventure adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh okay require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to to to to to to to to help you find like you know like okay you know okay okay it. I'm Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd. I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Paul I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate I mean um um um um um um um um I mean like okay okay well. I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am so happy for you that you got the Lotus Lotus Lotus Lotus Lotus Lotus Lotus Lotus out the heating well I mean um like I mean uh uh pads weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports um sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports um sports um sports um sports um sports um sports um sports um you know well well well well well well well well uh uh okay okay cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out out out out out out out out but just driving it period it honestly I okay like uh you know you know know know know know know know know okay so last started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so you know so so okay out of the garage and having having having having having having having having some work done start start. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying to wrap like okay um uh well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh my head around this you started it last night started was the day after after after after after after after after I mean okay you know um like you know um Christmas. So that's been like what what what what what what what what three months as of this report. Last time last time last time last time last last last last last last last last time last time last time last time you know so okay so okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the so the so so so so so so so so the so the so the so the so the so the tires by I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so uh uh the way, where there's one thing. I mean I I I I I I I I could tell mean granted it's not you know like okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um a heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hard and a well like like you know okay I mean so husband here with with with with with with with with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or not um um um um um um um um um so well I mean uh well today. We will we will we will will will will will will will will we will we will we will we will we will be discussing breath load tap some some some some some some some some of the Daleks 64 our last page okay okay uh okay okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought for today's um um um um um um um um okay I mean I mean like I mean uh death. We would actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually just it's really just part of an unload we would just like well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um um learn the dots together and see what we can glean from from from from from from from from some of its insights like you know okay okay um so okay will will will will will will will will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first topic that's on so you you you you you you you you know well so so um okay the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins Collins Collins Collins Collins Collins Collins Collins opaque and such trash to add Del Canto so so I mean okay like like like like like like like like um um The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research um um um um um um um um um so well well like uh and evidence-based practice with continuing professional development at PNA PNA PNA PNA PNA PNA PNA PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just um you know uh I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well talking to teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the uh so so so so so so so so well so um you know you know teacher development trusts and now now now now now now now now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we I mean so um uh well um um um um um um um um uh have a strip Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development development development development development development development development well you know um uh well so uh trusts section or the usual podcast pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy section where it's me and Rings uh uh so okay uh um okay into music music music music music music music music film and books. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature well well well well well well well well uh I mean so um okay like me and the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And And And And And And And And the reason for this strict well I mean okay uh well so so back podcast is is is is is is is is that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because um you know know know know know know know know I mean so um well I mean I have just been recording a couple of Epic Epic Epic Epic Epic Epic Epic Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are hey, are hey, are hey, are hey, are hey, are hey, are hey, are are are are are are are are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you like like like like like like like like thinking uh uh uh uh well you know well deep. Yeah. How about having having having having having having having having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got the podcast for you know okay so so so so so so so so well so well well you. We are dude for Thought come join us as as as as as as as as we try to find the you know like um well I mean you know uh line line line line line line line line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, if you're like um um um um um um um um uh uh uh I mean well listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I mean well well um I mean I mean uh know. We're just we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just kidding about about about about about about about about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like so okay so I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean hey, I got a couple issues with for we don't have a a a a a a a a low blow like so well I mean okay so uh but we don't have issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris um I mean well well well well well well well well uh you know I mean okay Donna podcast for now, of course town and and and and and and and and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds well okay I mean like well I mean I mean better better better better better better better better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this well well well well well well well well you know like so well well well is our podcast is first time something new just you you you you you you you you know had an idea well um um uh like so okay one day like like like like like like like like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um like you know so sometimes we're going to like deep talking. So we just just just just just just just just thought hey, you know might I mean uh uh uh well well uh as well well well well well well well well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about about about about about about about about so uh well you know like I mean uh the gross margin impact of a a a a a a a a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model uh you know I mean so so so so so so so so you know um like S and plasmid model X on Tesla by this this this this this this this this is something I'm really really well uh uh um um like okay excited about about about about about about about about from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out well um I I I I I I I I mean you know you know okay okay to the third row podcast. I came came came came came came came came up the idea for this episode. We were uh you know I mean I I I I I I I I mean okay okay you know just recording and we're talking about this new track track track track track track track track package that came out for um well like I mean um um uh the the the the the the the the model 3. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really really really really really really really really like um well I mean uh uh um cool looking new tire. Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost like well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well I mean 60 Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand more more more more more more more more for these new um okay I mean I mean like you know you know tires tires tires tires tires tires tires tires and these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on on on on on on on on the track like you know um so you know you know so. It's gotten some awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome reviews. So that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's so that's a really cool thing. And I and I and I and I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I was so so okay I mean so like like like like like like like like uh just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of of of of of of of of uh uh like you know I mean um uh this luxury Performance Performance Performance Performance Performance Performance Performance Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay like okay that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds nerds nerds nerds nerds nerds nerds nerds would love and the so uh uh like okay well so track package is is is is is is is is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock it's Brock it's Brock it's Brock it's Brock it's Brock it's Brock it's Brock Brock Brock Brock Brock Brock Brock Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling um um um um um um um um so um like I mean so like you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's the best app to use I mean so well um you know so so so so so so so so um for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your your your your your your your your phone um well like you know I mean well okay computer or any any any any any any any any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it well um like like like like like like like like um um so well doesn't just go on acre. They post they post they they they they they they they they post they post they post they post they post they post it on on on on on on on on Spotify to get your okay um like well uh so like podcast more exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh okay okay you need in one place and it is the best platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform to create. Any type you know uh uh like like I mean so of of of of of of of of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many you know well well well well well well well well you know you know like you know um episodes I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid hybrid hybrid hybrid hybrid hybrid hybrid hybrid. Nice to meet you meet uh I mean so like like okay so who? who who who who who who who Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck so okay so so so so so so so so so uh so um it. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going to talk about the combine that just just just just just just just just happened and how the Panthers are well like you know um um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's it it it it it it it it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when uh um like like like like like like like like like okay okay you know you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a having having having having having having having having a having a having a having a having a having a having a blast blast blast blast blast blast blast blast here today shows a good one I mean uh uh you know I mean so so so so so so so so so. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion. We have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have we have well well so uh I mean so like conversation with Kyle Rudolph who who who who who who who who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Saints um uh um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has a a a a a a a a very good um well well uh um like like answer. Also Aaron also Aaron also also also also also also also also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron Jones in the the the the the the the the Green Bay Packers and all the other um uh so like um uh so so so so so so so so conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you you you you you you you you well okay I mean okay uh so um enough for choosing to listen to this this this this this this this this show. I mean you could do okay like you know uh like like well a a a a a a a a lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things so so so so so so so so okay you know well like well you know people say you shouldn't use Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time like I mean so I I I I I I I I mean uh okay um. I love me too. I love I love I love love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love I love Q-tips to there's a a a a a a a a war on Q-tips, by the well um so so uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you you you you you you you you push um so okay um well you know um it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look look look look look look look look no uh well okay so okay uh like further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a um well well um so uh so podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean okay you know so you know your content. There's creation tools that allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast I mean I mean okay um um uh you know know know know know know know know right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you I mean you you you you you you you you know uh I mean so so I mean. So you don't have to mindlessly or in in in in in in in in the Sleep host your RSS feed you know well well well like uh I mean to to to to to to to to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you you know know know know know know know know okay like so uh like like can make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything that you okay like um you know I mean uh well want in a a a a a a a a podcast in one place. You have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have you have you have something to say you want uh um like well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know to get it out. You want you want you want you you you you you you you you want you want you want you want you want to write a note just upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload and turn you know uh like so I mean well uh on your anchor app app app app app app app app on your phone and hit record and save notes to okay so you know know know know know know know know okay um well so your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you if you if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about about about about about about about about anchor it's I mean uh well so like you know well the easiest way to to to to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like I mean okay free this creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right like like okay so I mean um I mean from your your your your your your your your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean um so rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular platforms, like apple podcast Google you know uh uh um well uh so podcast Spotify and and and and and and and and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money from um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um so like okay your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need need need need need need need need to make a so you know like so uh like uh podcast and one one one one one one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so uh um like m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow a podcast that allows people okay okay like um like I mean you know like like like like like like like like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My My My My My My My My well you know well I mean so I mean I mean name is is is is is is is is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know okay uh okay of my money by flipping cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like so I mean you and sharing my best practices. You learn you learn you learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn you learn you learn you learn you learn you learn my process the lessons. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've learned and um um okay so okay well so more importantly who you should should should should should should should should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the well I mean well well well well well well well well like okay you know so show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with with with with with with with with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh so well like uh guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and and and and and and and and discuss in a mica covid you know well like you know um okay okay Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well um you know like uh and me honking honking meaning in a a a a a a a a script to get the full code. Just you know uh like I mean okay like like like like like like like like like listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and and and and and and and and um well I mean well so like well you're listening to good answers answers answers answers answers answers answers answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you like you know so so so so so so so so I mean okay like uh here with us on good desert has a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for and bike Millennials and so well so um you know well like address. Hello. Makka Makka Makka Makka Makka Makka Makka Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well I mean uh uh like you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting down the you know so you know uh I mean well like top 31 Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to like you know well well well well well well well well well um um so us from 1992. When the Little League World Series Series Series Series Series Series Series Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of okay um like well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh youths from the Philippines. It was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it was it was it was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of of of of of of of of age I mean so well I mean um um uh and geography came to to to to to to to to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events okay well um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know from history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness special listen free on you know okay like um uh like so Spotify or wherever you you you you you you you you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series well I mean you know well well well well well well well well you know so I mean is perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Sports and while it might evoke okay you know okay um uh well um an an an an an an an an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament the tournament tournament tournament tournament tournament tournament tournament tournament the tournament the tournament the tournament the tournament the tournament the tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read don't read don't read don't read don't read don't read don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't read don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly he clearly he clearly he clearly he clearly he clearly he clearly he clearly declares declares declares declares declares declares declares declares some well well okay I mean uh uh you know 91 over your life life life life life life life life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead well well so okay you you you you you you you you know well you know the blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around around around around around around around around and tries to even I mean uh well uh you know you know like like like like like like like like come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk don't talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk don't talk don't talk don't talk don't talk don't talk don't talk too much about about about about about about about about well um okay so okay so um did you hear this more people people people people people people people people are dying now and this was happening um so you know um like um um um um um um um um like is coming close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether I mean uh okay like well like like it's going to come to Hyderabad Hyderabad Hyderabad Hyderabad Hyderabad Hyderabad Hyderabad Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is um uh you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so that it kicked out of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to to to to to to to to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm here I mean you know so well so you know like with my friend cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on this so uh well you know um you you you you you you you you know so episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of diving okay um like um so uh like. All right into it. We're going going going going going going going going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have a okay like okay like like like like like like like like um you know you know feeling that this is going to be a serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious. So we'll so we'll so we'll so we'll so we'll so we'll so we'll so so so so so so so so we'll call it vol 1 uh okay I mean okay I mean I mean I I I I I I I I mean but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? Okay, so so so so so so so so uh I mean well okay so like I mean I extended so I I I I I I I I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are chances are chances are chances are chances are chances are chances are chances are are are are are are are are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just um um um um um um um um I mean well uh uh um so what would that look like? Well, this is is is is is is is is a very small part of what we are talking I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh you know okay about in today's episode. So let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's get things started. The The The The The The The The coronavirus is the Talk of uh okay um I mean like okay like the the the the the the the the Town right now and today I want to cover it in some detail from you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um okay um uh a bit of a different angle. All in this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode I want to talk I mean so I mean okay um uh like less about about about about about about about about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic impact well so so so so so so so so like uh okay well uh just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone before we get into the hypothetical um so so I mean so I I I I I I I I mean well impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P so so so so so so so so you know you know uh well like okay frog. Hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to the the the the the the the the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo like so um so okay um um um um um um um um so no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap well you know well okay you know I mean um brother. I heard I I I I I I I I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you well um like like like like like like like like so um well so man. I don't know not to go off topic here here here here here here here here. Oh guys, welcome to the like so you know you know so so so so so so so so you know okay Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also also also also also also also also like so uh so I mean I mean I mean gangster rap gangsta rap rap rap rap rap rap rap rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap like uh um like like like like like like like like so okay so podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so so so so so so so so don't get enough social door - so so uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg well well you know uh okay okay um not awkward. So So So So So So So So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes um okay you know well um like okay whipping down the plains and up until recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently that's about what I knew of it. But so but so but so so so so so so so so but so but so but so but so but so okay okay well I I I I I I I I mean uh like now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American American American American American American American American factions those so okay like uh well I mean okay no-good greasers and those rotten rotten rotten rotten rotten rotten rotten rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host I mean well well well well well well well well so like like you know well Emily Edwards. What is it about this this this this this this this this book? That just gets it I mention it um okay okay so um well well well well well well well well uh on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me today is writer journalist you know know know know know know know know um um well I mean um okay Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? today today today today today today today I am really good. I'm really good um um I mean okay you know um um um um um um um um um. Thank you. I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I am I am I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host host host host host host host host. Dr. Maggie dr. Maggie dr. Maggie dr. Maggie dr. Maggie dr. Maggie dr. Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie dr. Maggie Perry uh um uh um well well you know. I'm a I'm a a a a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a licensed psychologist with with with with with with with with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um okay well founder of the online group therapy platform model that care care care care care care care care. I love helping people overcome like um okay I mean uh uh you know anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as like like like like like like like like you know so I mean you know okay um we share real real real real real real real real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh like okay anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective effective effective effective effective effective effective effective therapy looks like sounds okay uh okay uh so uh so like and feels like will will will will will will will will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and um like like um I I I I I I I I mean you know like find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a a a a a a a a rich full and uh I mean like like okay you know so meaningful life life life life life life life life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and like like like like like like like like so okay like I mean okay like reinforce what clients do well to help them them them them them them them them generalize those skills towards areas where their well okay uh so um well well stock my my my my my my my my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help I I I I I I I I mean well I mean okay uh well um conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity curiosity curiosity curiosity curiosity curiosity curiosity curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of uh okay okay uh uh well you know holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through you know know know know know know know know you know okay well you know well so the mind and body. This week's guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest needs no introduction. She is an author like uh uh so well um um um um um um um um well Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered on helping well you know okay uh you know uh you know others others others others others others others others find their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without uh so like like like like like like like like well um you know uh shame. She is the magic behind words for for for for for for for for Wanderer loving my language neon soul well well um uh okay um well and and and and and and and and my all-time favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest honest honest honest honest honest honest honest okay like okay um um I mean like has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to I I I I I I I I mean uh uh uh uh I mean like think fags. When big bank and DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the uh so uh so so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh voice of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay okay you know big fashion big bank. We got family in the the the the the the the the building y'all nudity is okay well uh you know okay so you know on big fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good um uh so you know you you you you you you you you know like okay. Just nod just nod just nod just nod just nod just nod nod nod nod nod nod nod nod just nod just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't this this this this this this this this ain't this ain't this ain't this ain't this ain't this ain't this ain't no interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview uh like I mean um so um I mean. I think I think I think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think this is just a conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation. It's like talking to you know, one uh you know I mean well well well well well well well well well okay okay of your partner and well, why don't women man talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk real talk, but one thing so uh okay I mean um um you know you you you you you you you you got to do we know you're going to do is just addition is swear swear swear swear swear swear swear swear that you you know I mean you know uh you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean going to tell the truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast tradition um like okay well so okay so. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. All right, cool. So what so what so what so what so what so what so so so so so so so so what so what we left off last well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so time we talked it was just just just talking about you and and and and and and and and wrapping and um okay like like um okay uh being Rapper and how you like like like like like like like like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts you know um well uh so so so so so so so so um I mean of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um like uh like you know going to be bringing on a friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend of mine this woman and I met let's like well uh okay like like like like like like like like so well see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard to believe okay uh I mean I mean I mean well like that now now now now now now now now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of that well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well um uh okay kind of thing usually is what we we we we we we we we would talk about when we get together. She's uh you know okay um well you know like like like like like like like like since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a while, while, while, while, while, while, while, while, but so um well well like uh well it was really great to to to to to to to to record this episode. She has spent the last several uh like uh so I I I I I I I I mean like so years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever I met her okay um um you know okay okay so and she has has has has has has has has spent all these years doing that. So she's so she's so she's so so so so so so so so she's so she's so she's so she's so she's going to share okay you know know know know know know know know okay I mean so so um some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a a a a a a a a really good discussion. I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have to well um I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need to do do do do do do do do before I you know okay so you know um you know well do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you so well well well well well well well well I mean um like uh so are those who benefit others so I'm a a a a a a a a thief and here I am. And we are I mean uh uh you know know know know know know know know well you know like your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with uh okay I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean okay uh taboo. Welcome to this week's episode of of of of of of of of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow okay you know you know well well well well well well well well well uh um and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you you you you you you you you let the freaks like I mean well okay okay so okay out the weekends for for for for for for for for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want um you know know know know know know know know like well um I mean um to tell you that this Friday March March March March March March March March the 6th. I will I will I will I will I will I I I I I I I I will I will I will be in Iowa um you know you know well well well well well well well well well um you know City at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th. I will be uh well um so well so so in Detroit Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - okay you know know know know know know know know well so okay so so a store. I've always wanted to play electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity. If really if really if really if really if really if really if if if if if if if if really if really really excited to you know okay well okay uh so you know know know know know know know know play that venue but today on the podcast. I want I want I want want want want want want want want I want I want I want I want I want to talk about fucking up so so so so so so so so you know okay um so uh uh and why it's okay to fuck up up up up up up up up. Let's get into this week's uh okay like okay I mean well you know episode. Are the the the the the the the the podcast and the intro song this week is actually a song so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh okay so that a fan sent in that. I think I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need I need I need I need I need I need I need I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works works works works works works works works hard towards you know um well you know okay like um Ascension. So you so you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you don't have to to to to to to to to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am joined um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well so like by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the dream speakers like uh well okay uh um you know in another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought it might be like like like like like like like like well okay well so um like nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how how how how how how how how you doing. I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am I am doing fine like okay like you know you know uh um. I was I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was I was on the the the the the the the the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo Kang now we talked I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know well you know so um for almost two and a A A A A A A A A half hours just about the Wu-Tang because B ches like you know um uh um um um um um um um um so so discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take it where he he he he he he he he takes 18 pages well you know you know um you know uh um of material and and and and and and and and talks about that for two hours wasn't quite enough you know well well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer time I mean like you know I mean like like well and North American American American American American American American American summer time do not occur at the same time. So okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well okay so I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what what what what what what what what will be good so you know like so so so like and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like so so so so so so so so um like uh so well okay I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content content content content content content content content about the like I mean so well well you know I mean world world world world world world world world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects like you you you you you you you you know well okay so like well every week in addition to your normal con artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists episode. We're exploring the most I mean you know you know um um so um um um um um um um um fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short clips from from from from from from from from you know uh okay okay I mean well you know some of our most popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation well uh so okay well well well well well well well well like you know method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime world really is uh well I mean well so um well you can find these these these these these these these these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever uh uh I mean I mean like like like like like like like like okay you know you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used used used used used used used used will be posted well um uh like so uh you know in the description description description description description description description description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're back with an like um okay I mean so you know like update on the new coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few well uh you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and and and and and and and and up as okay okay like I mean okay um I mean of right right right right right right right right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the you know know know know know know know know like you know okay uh okay like virus has spread fast outside of of of of of of of of China with more than 70 countries now affected well so you know uh um you you you you you you you you know like and we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week week week week week week week week the I mean so you know like um okay you know World Health Organization put put put put put put put put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines well okay you know know know know know know know know okay um so well saying that it's killing Three point four percent of of of of of of of of the people who get it worldwide I mean well so like okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is so like like like like like like like like so um I mean you know like based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail fail fail fail fail fail fail fail which is a celebration of things like like so so um um okay going going going going going going going going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them them them them them them them them to well okay well um I mean uh well discuss failings in their their their their their their their their life both in their personal life and in their career um I mean like like like like like like like like uh so so you know showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone to plan. So, you so, you so, you so, you so, you so, you so, you you you you you you you you so, you know I mean um um so uh um my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for this episode you you you you you you you you know I mean well um so you know okay today. I have the lovely off off off off off off off off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well I mean well so Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk and have a thing for sexy I mean you know uh um well well well well well well well well well okay monologues. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to monster are aesthetically point point point point point point point point one. Monster RX 93.1 and well well you know like like you know well good good good good good good good good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well Queen Hazel well well well well well well well well okay so like um like I mean. And so and so and and and and and and and and so and so and so and so and so and so he's chilling at at at at at at at at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi. Hope I mean I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like I mean she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you if you if you if you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you don't know the drill you sure I I I I I I I I mean uh you know um well I mean like as hell should by now sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode uh well well um like uh so for you you you you you you you you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the well you know so so so so so so so so okay like like um glass on the ones and twos and the man the solution to to to to to to to to our audio that is okay uh well uh um um um Tyler on the dice dice dice dice dice dice dice dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here well like well uh like like like like like like like like like like Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now now now now now now now now. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all all right, folks like I mean I mean um uh so well. Hang right hang right right right right right right right right hang right hang right hang right hang right hang right hang right with us us us us us us us us here time to pay the bills just to let you um so well you you you you you you you you know um you know uh folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower mower mower mower mower mower mower mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a I mean I mean so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so thing of the past. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you know know know know know know know know uh okay um you know like so you keep your bad boys nice and and and and and and and and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um okay so you know well of the most notorious prisons in America America America America America America America America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned so well like you know uh uh you you you you you you you you know there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others others others others others others others others so well so so like you know well for death. By that time the electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric chair had claimed the lives of a like well okay um you know so so so so so so so so so hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow so well okay um you know uh like far greater as the years rolled on on on on on on on on. But there was one man on death row uh so well okay um you know know know know know know know know you know in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman longshoreman longshoreman longshoreman longshoreman longshoreman longshoreman longshoreman who is uh like like well okay uh so convicted of murdering one of his his his his his his his his co-workers in a violent rage. He was I mean well well um you know know know know know know know know so um granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one no one no one no one no one no one no one no no no no no no no no one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um I mean well reason you don't talk to an old friend or one one one one one one one one of your parents anymore. Their Amorous like so I mean so well you know um um um um um um um um crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even even even even even even even even more personal perhaps um okay uh you know well um you know you've experienced the the the the the the the the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the cheater, but I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know so like like so no you've never cheated and you you you you you you you you never will. It right after all you're in a you know uh okay okay uh I mean I I I I I I I I mean good relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner seems impossible until one one one one one one one one day. It happens like well well uh you know um okay. Your partner is is is is is is is is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos well you know know know know know know know know so you know like uh uh to find us go to youtube.com slash read it it it it it it it it readers or click the link okay uh I mean okay you know uh okay in in in in in in in in the description below. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to to to to to to to to um so okay so okay well uh our / Petty Revenge the subreddit where people people people people people people people people post stories of small victories over like so like like like okay okay those those those those those those those those who dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball paintball paintball paintball paintball paintball paintball paintball. Enjoy like um I mean I mean um so you know your forced. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the uh well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so I mean details may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I I I I I I I I was in Middle like you know I mean uh like uh you know School. My My My My My My My My brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um um like okay into the Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would would would would would would would would be organized for all you know you know okay I mean I mean I I I I I I I I mean so the new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that that that that that that that that like okay I mean well okay uh you know again is after credits after after after after after after after after credit your credits. Okay after okay after okay after okay after okay after okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay after okay after okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well I mean you know uh you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to to to to to to to to after credits. My name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name my name is Bryce and I'm here uh like well um so um so so so so so so so so with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this this this this this this this this is like you know you know so I mean um well the first episode of of of of of of of of our And we basically the end. Oh my God. Okay, the uh um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean basic structure. Is that every week? We're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're I mean well well well well well well well well like uh like well so listening to see and be seen I cast this is a a a a a a a a show where we'll you know so okay I mean uh so well be discussing the creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will uh so so I I I I I I I I mean okay like uh also talk about what it's like to express ourselves and and and and and and and and share stories through our I mean like uh um so you know well respective respective respective respective respective respective respective respective creative Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh well well other artists on this podcast as well well well well well well well well. If you're interested in listening to you know like like uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh this podcast, be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk well well well well well well well well like okay so like like well about gold. Go touch an intraday high of of of of of of of of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars so um you know you you you you you you you you know well well like per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a a a a a a a a level not seen since 2010 January so like um so like so like 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013 2013. The question the question the question the question the question the question question question question question question question question the question the question of most people's minds right now is can go beat you you you you you you you you know well like uh uh so like his record high set on a rainy rainy rainy rainy rainy rainy rainy rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record so okay okay like so so so so so so so so you know um high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or or or or or or or or at least until now well you know like I mean you know like well. I I I I I I I I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to those sites in 2011 so so so so so so so so um you know so so so um. Let's take a trip down memory lane back back back back back back back back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur every entrepreneur every entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur every entrepreneur every entrepreneur every entrepreneur every entrepreneur every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges you you you you you you you you know so like like okay so okay a lot of obstacles and these were were were were were were were were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience so okay I mean um like like like like like like like like okay well experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I I I I I I I I go along uh I mean you know um you know like um you're joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? you know you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know you know you know okay um um um um um um um um um I mean like so Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- you know, when I okay so like like I mean so I mean began my my my my my my my my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind what kind what kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind what kind what kind what kind what kind what kind of host how uh you you you you you you you you know like uh I mean okay you know to do it in general general general general general general general general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated like so um um um um um um um um I mean uh okay you know so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My My My My My My My My you my you my you my you my you my you my you my you know know know know know know know know you know so so well I mean I mean name is Luke. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm with I'm with I'm with I'm with I'm with I'm with I'm with I'm with with with with with with with with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say uh um like like you know know know know know know know know well like the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited guests on you know I mean so like I mean I mean like you you you you you you you you just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, why well, why well, why well, why well, why well, why well, why why why why why why why why well, why would you know I mean uh so okay so you know I say say say say say say say say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't we don't we don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't we don't we don't we don't we don't we don't have well like um um um um um um um um like okay well like a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I I I I I I I I was wondering when the guest was well uh so you know like you you you you you you you you know uh going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought it'd just be nice okay I mean like I mean you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got got got got got got got got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got a a a a a a a a great show um like uh um so um um for you guys today Beauty right right right right right right right right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today okay so um well well well well well well well well well well you know. We'll The we'll The we'll The we'll The we'll The we'll The The The The The The The The we'll The we'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the the the the the the the the Savage on so like uh uh um I mean um this chord? That's great. That's a a a a a a a a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money okay well like um um uh like like like like like like like like update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd like like like like like like like like I mean uh okay um like I mean say we're at four dollars 48 48 48 48 48 48 48 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost okay like okay you know so so so so so so so so like um at five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that that that that that that that that I think we I mean uh so okay okay you know so can probably Go to to to to to to to to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's really um okay uh well well well well well well well well so you know so awesome. We can we can we can we can we can can can can can can can can we can we can we can buy a bouncy ball or like a a a a a a a a confetti Pauper like five so so I mean um well so so of those not not not not not not not not like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay like I mean can see ya Takin darts at at at at at at at at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good so I mean well okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know idea. So this so this so this so this so this so this this this this this this this this so this so this is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool well well well well well well well well so I mean like well um uh. It's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool five for the boy likes five five five five five five five five people what could go wrong? We would we would we would we would would would would would would would would we would we would we would we would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its Its Its Its Its Its Its Its heroines week so uh okay okay you know so um and every day we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing on you know you you you you you you you you know you know okay I mean uh so the top of your mouth on one one one one one one one one side and brush all the way to the well well okay okay um you know know know know know know know know I mean molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who so so so so so so so so uh well uh uh okay you know helped discover DNA DNA is the the the the the the the the recipe for all living things and the scientists name was you know okay you know well well well well well well well well like so okay Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young young young young young young young young girl. She you know um I mean you know you know so uh grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the only schools schools schools schools schools schools schools schools so like uh um so uh well that taught women about science when Rosalind was was was was was was was was a teenager she decided so like I mean well well well uh she wanted to be be be be be be be be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is our our our our our our our our podcast. I well uh well well uh um uh wanted to thank you for joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope you know you know so okay like you know know know know know know know know you know it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is is is is is is is is moving in like okay uh I mean well well um your life. Enjoy the message. So So So So So So So So thankful that you're here today and I am going so you know like okay um um um um um um um um so okay to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture scripture is I mean um like uh like you know so 19 verses today. So go go go go go go go go so go so go so go so go so go so go so so so so so so so so go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow I mean um okay you you you you you you you you know um I mean you know. God bless you. My scripture from today's point point point point point point point point of view is Acts chapter 11. This well uh um well so you you you you you you you you know uh sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it it it it it it it it last night. The you the you the you the you the you the you the you you you you you you you you the you know uh so like well um you know Lord showed up. I I I I I I I I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to you you you you you you you you know uh like like you know uh uh this audio podcast. I am buttress buttress buttress buttress buttress buttress buttress buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an I mean so uh like well like like like like like like like like like interactive online community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create you know know know know know know know know so you know um okay you know like and curate online for us to talk about about about about about about about about which is why both our tagline for so you know you know you know know know know know know know know uh like okay phenomenology club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about it. Most you know like so well uh well well of these uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting um um um um um um um um well uh okay I mean um okay with those as they happen live, live, live, live, live, live, live, live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications at I mean like okay so um um um um um um um um um uh youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what what what what what what what what we do well well um like you know like uh and how you you you you you you you you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our our our our our our our our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast so so so so so so so so so uh uh like I mean you know. I wanted to take a brief moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment today to let you know about the easiest you know well okay um um um um um um um um like you know you know way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of of of of of of of of the more important well like so like I mean um um aspects are actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually having a service to host and distribute the show as so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know I mean um well as software to record each episode for for for for for for for for the longest time. I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually I actually I actually paid money to I mean uh uh so like like like like like like like like like um host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting okay okay okay I mean um well so platforms while also using different different different different different different different different software as I tried to record but not um so so okay like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean well well um like uh okay for free either from my computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor you know um um I I I I I I I I mean okay you know I mean actually gives us the opportunity to make money money money money money money money money with no minimum listenership. If you're well um okay well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor uh like like like like like like like like okay um well I mean okay download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know know know know know know know know okay um so well uh uh I mean that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be be be be be be be be possible without anchor anchors it easiest um um I mean so I mean well I I I I I I I I mean way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need need need need need need need need in one place for so you know well um okay okay so free free free free free free free free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can use like like like like like like like like like well um okay okay you know right from your phone or computer. They also also also also also also also also got hella dough creation tools to allow you you know so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like um to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also also also also also also also also will okay well uh um well you know I mean help you distribute the podcast if if if if if if if if you want to grow the dead-ass family uh okay well um so like I mean like like like like like like like like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh um okay uh more. You can also make a little little little little little little little little bit of Ching from your podcast uh well well like so okay okay with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that that that that that that that that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving giving giving giving giving giving giving giving a I mean you know okay you know so um so fond farewell at least least least least least least least least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar so I mean you you you you you you you you know you know okay like well. Amy Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on on on on on on on on some level endeared herself to me. I like well okay I mean like you you you you you you you you know um mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she she she she she she she she wasn't well so like okay uh um um particularly viable as a candidate it seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between Peaks Peaks Peaks Peaks Peaks Peaks Peaks Peaks you know I mean so um so so uh podcast. I am I am I am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan Meehan Meehan Meehan Meehan Meehan Meehan Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins okay uh um you know um uh okay. I I I I I I I I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go back back back back back back back back to like so I mean uh like I mean well the beginning and pick up up up up up up up up some of our favorite bits. I thought this was a good stopping you know so well well well well well well well well like so well well point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like like like like like like like like there was some closure like okay uh well so um I mean and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development development development development development development development development goals uh um so uh like okay um in the roadmap to 2030. We are your your your your your your your your co-host James and Kevin here to so I mean well um like okay I I I I I I I I mean take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks podcast. Planning you know um you know you know you know um you know for for for for for for for for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually build like like like like like like like like okay um so so uh like it. So we always have to plan 25 years years years years years years years years in advance for a population so like you know uh um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen in the the the the the the the the world uh so you know uh you know I mean like. We usually plan something something something something something something something something for the present and then it doesn't end up working out well so so so so so so so so I mean so well um I mean for object data is currently a a a a a a a a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in like okay okay like well well well well well well well well um I mean Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis thesis thesis thesis thesis thesis thesis thesis around well um well well so well okay the water energy Nexus. This is focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our so um um um um um um um um so I mean I mean so okay show notes, so three years. I started I I I I I I I I started I started I started I started I started I started I started listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to you and I was in uh uh well I mean so so like a a a a a a a a transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and I had been been been been been been been been well um well um I mean uh so had that dream for about 15 years years years years years years years years and I think it was in my like you know okay um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I I I I I I I I left so okay like you know um um um a really high profile profile profile profile profile profile profile profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well uh well uh two years, I worked hard to get it it it it it it it it off the ground and I was like um um well I mean like like like like like like like like like more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And I I I I I I I I got you know so you know like um so okay so aligned and the business business business business business business business business started and I got everything I wanted and more you know like so I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay so and it was huge and it launched in a a a a a a a a way more than I could have well well um I mean you know know know know know know know know um you know ever asked for no not more than you could have have have have have have have have ever asked for us in I mean well you know I mean okay um um um um um um um um okay a way that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, you you you you you you you you so okay so you know I mean okay like done fucking split cans of of of of of of of of tuna with and y'all can t have a conversation uh I mean like okay so so so so so so so so so okay. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just just just just just just just just here to I mean well uh um I mean well like serve each other to get get get get get get get get this money and then we walking apart. So it's so uh okay like like like like like like like like um okay uh like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that that that that that that that that question, you know um okay okay like you know okay um was a success not not not not not not not not enough to sustain it. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't think it was enough because I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like uh I mean um we just weren't having fun. When When When When When When When When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make I mean well okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally useless that it's uh like so well um um you know just a bunch of of of of of of of of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about about about about about about about about Fortnight. I'm your okay well I mean you know like I mean um host Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today so today so today so today today today today today today today today so today so today so today so today we have TNT Tina well well well well well well well well well okay uh um so um is available those challenges are now available for you to start start start start start start start start doing so that I mean um you know I mean I mean like like you you you you you you you you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We We We We We We We We have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have we have so okay um uh I mean okay I mean brought him in in in in in in in in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit Tyler had uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know so okay um okay have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked we asked we asked we asked we asked we asked we asked we asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked Alex last week. Have you have you have you have you have you you you you you you you you have you have you have you seen this I mean I mean like so um well well well well well well well well I mean type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a good-looking you know like uh uh um uh uh suit. I it's I it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's I it's I it's I it's I it's I it's I it's like a a a a a a a a mix of Obama's beige suit and a J.Crew model. It's you know I I I I I I I I mean okay okay okay so I mean actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler this guy is dialed in and now like um I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob. It's little lapel, you okay okay okay you know I mean like well know, it it it it it it it it adds a little flare a little spice. So you are and are you going to to to to to to to to so like so well you know I mean you know work right after this? Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, you you you you you you you you keep getting me right before my work so you know you know well um um um um um um um um like uh shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here again, we got got got got got got got got a well okay well I mean you know okay uh couple action-packed guests for for for for for for for for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got we got we got got got got got got got got we got we got we got we got we got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are we are we are we are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are back with a brand new episode of of of of of of of of the uh you know uh so like I mean um Ike Box podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My name my name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name like you you you you you you you you know I mean okay okay like um is KJ I said I'll be your host and and and and and and and and it's actually going to be uh you know you know well I mean um I I I I I I I I mean a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is brian is is is is is is is is brian is brian is brian is brian is brian is brian is well so so so so so so so so I mean I mean okay like I mean in a meeting and we we we we we we we we need to get you a preview. So we're going to uh you know okay you you you you you you you you know um okay you know talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A A A A A A A A lot of people consider this to um uh uh uh okay you know know know know know know know know you know be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf turf turf turf turf turf turf turf at the Staples like um well like okay like so Center in Los Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box the you know well I I I I I I I I mean okay okay well so Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the the the the the the the the Pfizer form and it is the infamous you know so well well you know know know know know know know know well uh matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and and and and and and and and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about okay like well uh uh uh well anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast that you know I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like um is a good point and gives you everything you need in one one one one one one one one place for free and uh okay I mean like um I mean you know know know know know know know know you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor okay you know know know know know know know know I mean like uh um like you can record and edit and make everything that you you you you you you you you put down on your podcast sound as so um uh okay um like uh good as as as as as as as as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded uh so so so so so so so so I mean so so so so on another application. Also ankle will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you so it like um okay uh you know um um um um um um um um well can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make make make make make make make make easy money I mean well okay um like uh okay for your podcast. I'm talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about real easy money with anchor right? No minimum no minimum no minimum no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum no minimum no minimum no minimum no minimum okay so you know you know um well well well well well well well well okay listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F m-- right I mean okay you know I mean so okay um now. Yeah Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are they are are are are are are are are they are they are they are they are they are they are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would would would would would would would would be settled you know you know I mean you know like like I mean down down down down down down down down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime I I I I I I I I mean um uh I mean you know you know like. Pearl was not not not not not not not not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with okay so so so so so so so so so like well like um a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a a a a a a a a lonely and grueling 50-mile like you know like okay you know so you know know know know know know know know bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well like I mean I mean like forehead as she peddles along the share river river river river river river river river in France her bike kicked up dust uh okay um uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came came came came came came came came into so I mean okay uh okay like I mean view German soldiers soldiers soldiers soldiers soldiers soldiers soldiers soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge was um you know you know know know know know know know know okay so so I mean the fastest route across the river a straight shot to to to to to to to to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready get ready get ready get ready get ready get ready get get get get get get get get ready get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning and so like uh um you know you know well night toothbrushing show start brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing on the top of your mouth and brush so um uh okay like so like in in in in in in in in little circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're I mean so so so so so so so so like okay you know well so talking about a courageous woman from a place called called called called called called called called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene um okay well um um like so. Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a group of people they're called the palala I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um I mean I mean uh well the Paulo were the first people to to to to to to to to live on that island and tricking Nene uh uh I mean you know uh um um um um um um um um I mean was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of of of of of of of of the top so well like um like well um of your mouth and brush the molars molars molars molars molars molars molars molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter okay like so okay you know know know know know know know know like I mean of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, like like like like like like like like well, like well, like well, like well, like well, like well, like well, like like like like like like like like well like I mean you know um uh it's the Partnerships that we've had and and and and and and and and and coming up in May of our Partnerships I mean I mean well so you you you you you you you you know so like are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited. I mean this is I mean uh okay okay uh okay so I I I I I I I I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together and uh well well well well well well well well like okay okay you know uh it's awesome. Right? So while so while so while so so so so so so so so while so while so while so while so while we're at hair Love retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat retreat in May we're going to you know so okay you know like so so be we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay like well salon? Because of course we going to be there with with with with with with with with her love Retreats okay I mean um I mean uh you know know know know know know know know you know. We really we really we really we really we really we really really really really really really really really we really we really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here here here here here here here here and Elizabeth okay you know um um I mean I mean I mean is going to to to to to to to to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very you know know know know know know know know you know well well so well um schedule is City way, they're going to schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going okay so okay I mean okay you know know know know know know know know you know to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase phase phase phase phase phase phase phase want to give uh okay so okay I mean so like us all the juicy details details details details details details details details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited schedule um well okay um um um um um um um um well uh uh is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little little little little little little little little like like well like uh like well idea how we do it here here here here here here here here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the like well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean so anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes our podcast too many many well you know okay like uh I mean uh different different different different different different different different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from you you you you you you you you know like uh well um you know um your phone or a computer check out out out out out out out out anchor dot f m or Download the so I mean you know so you you you you you you you you know well um free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to to to to to to to to you by jig um um I mean okay you know I mean you know know know know know know know know Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use use use use use use use use promo okay uh uh uh well like um code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent percent percent percent percent percent percent percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to okay okay like so you know you know know know know know know know know okay the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to to to to to to to to improve like so well well so well so our skills of the angler by by by by by by by by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is right right right right right right right right um uh um you know I mean I mean I mean now and every time he he he he he he he he needs to make a change she has to run okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well so okay across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge. Well, don't listen that's part so you know well uh I mean well you you you you you you you you know of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort of in the uh um okay um okay uh well startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I I I I I I I I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You have you have you have you have you you you you you you you you have you have you have you have a I mean like you know you you you you you you you you know you know like I mean giant paper mache nose with us the the the the the the the the recording system inside. Of it and okay you know okay you know okay well well well well well well well well well you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right okay right okay right okay right okay right okay right okay right okay right okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um okay um okay so. My audio interface is in a big sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy pizza and I do need to dig uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um around in there and then I do get if I say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, you know, if I so like um well well like you know cuss too too too too too too too too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh uh uh like okay hurts a lot. A lot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot of people will talk about that. Those have a I I I I I I I I mean so you know well so so uh lot of ballistic force and and and and and and and and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was justin was justin was justin was was was was was was was was justin was justin was justin was justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host future future future future future future future future you know I mean uh well like so um and I'm here with a a a a a a a a guest today Dover. He's from he's from he's from he's from he's from from from from from from from from he's from he's from he's from the skirt and he's going um you know uh well well well well well well well well I mean you know uh to join us for the ride on the first ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever episode of Melody our little well like I mean uh um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean silver. How you doing? How are how are how are how are how are are are are are are are are how are how are how are you doing today? Didn't well can't complain Gil Gil Gil Gil Gil Gil Gil Gil. Dad well dad well dad well dad well dad well dad well dad well dad dad dad dad dad dad dad dad well um like um like um you know. I feel bad man after day work work work work work work work work. It's good it's good it's good it's good it's good it's good it's good good good good good good good good it's good to just come back and relax you know I mean so you you you you you you you you know uh so I mean at home. All right, so What do you think the the the the the the the the goal is for the I mean well so like I mean okay well podcast? podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let me try to Enlighten well like like like like like like like like uh I mean um uh you know the that a little bit. So basically so basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically so basically so basically so basically so basically so basically so basically it did start out out out out out out out out as a meme you know um well I mean you know I mean um between me me me me me me me me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were just talking about so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh okay us having great voice and we should do like podcast and and and and and and and and stuff well like you know you know I mean um I mean like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you you you you you you you you follow your I mean you know okay uh um well okay favorite podcast. So So So So So So So So you never miss an episode like this one or okay uh okay uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you you you you you you you you can listen to well you know um well well uh um them offline like like like like like like like like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're like well okay like like like like like like like like like um you know traveling and also you can share this with your friends on on on on on on on on Instagram. If you like uh you know so well um um haven't done so already already already already already already already already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay I mean D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library library library library library library library library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop so um um okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a well well well well well well well well like okay so well like well regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all Y'all Y'all Y'all Y'all Y'all Y'all Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had some I mean well um well like well so so so so so so so so shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one of of of of of of of of which okay so okay okay like okay I mean is the fact that I I I I I I I I have literally not had a job for the past. Really okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know you know like long time and like my adult life probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably aside from like a you know uh well like I mean uh uh gig here and and and and and and and and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my I mean I I I I I I I I mean so okay so okay well bank account. I have not consistently been working and and and and and and and and I think that's for a few reasons well I mean um well uh like like like like like like like like like. One of one of one of one of one of one of one of one of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds of the the the the the the the the you know you know you know well you know well so unknown only only only only only only only only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it hand okay like so so so so so so so so uh um I mean um you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing dancing dancing dancing dancing dancing dancing dancing shadows in your wake you well um like well so you know like let let let let let let let let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your imagination. Suddenly Suddenly Suddenly Suddenly Suddenly Suddenly Suddenly Suddenly okay um uh you know like um you know. You feel a cold wind rip rip rip rip rip rip rip rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper doze whisper doze whisper doze whisper doze whisper whisper whisper whisper whisper whisper whisper whisper doze whisper doze whisper doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic display in uh so uh I mean well um well El Clasico where Real Real Real Real Real Real Real Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes um like so like you you you you you you you you know you know uh them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about like okay I mean well well um you know a few things that actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually had conversations with some of you over last week and earlier um you know you you you you you you you you know like so uh so this week. And the first thing was poor is is is is is is is is why am I not posting the uh so well okay okay well you know full full full full full full full full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's simple reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason really I I mean you know well I mean uh like like just want don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know I know I know I know you guys have certain schedules well okay well well well well well well well well you know so so like work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And And And And And And And And so there are days that um I mean okay you know okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And that that that that that that that that and that and that and that and that and that and that and and and and and and and and that is how I uh uh um well you know well uh want you to to to to to to to to plan your week. I don't want you to plan you know well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so like your week to try based off of a certain workout that that that that that that that that you're trying to either well you know okay I mean um okay um avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the purpose of of of of of of of of you know so so I mean uh I mean like the program is to to to to to to to to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make a podcast I mean uh uh I mean okay like you know. Let me me me me me me me me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you to like uh you you you you you you you you know um so um like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or computer. Anchor would distribute your you know well uh like um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and and and and and and and and many like well uh like so so um many more you can make money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership okay like uh uh like well okay. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app app app app app app app app I mean um like okay okay um um. Go to Anchor. FM to fM to to to to to to to to fM to fM to fM to fM to fM to fM to get started Alright, Alright, Alright, Alright, Alright, Alright, Alright, Alright, what's up? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to okay like so well um I mean okay another edition of 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome well okay so you you you you you you you you know um well uh to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We We We We We We We We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second second second second second second second second you know okay so so like okay so century BCE. So how did one one one one one one one one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of um so uh so you know know know know know know know know well I mean all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode and want so okay um I mean um uh uh to hear more Tales of of of of of of of of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par well um okay okay well so um cast presents presents presents presents presents presents presents presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um um uh so shows Like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more more more more more more more more follow Park s uh I mean well um like um uh presents free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French you know so well you know know know know know know know know uh I mean so Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise the wise the wise the wise the wise the wise wise wise wise wise wise wise wise the wise the wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game game game game game game game game. Unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin I mean well okay I mean okay you know you know Rory the idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we so we so we so we we we we we we we we so we so we so we so we don't really have a thing so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay I mean like well we can actually go through but we do do do do do do do do have is people with jarring uh okay I mean um well like okay accents accents accents accents accents accents accents accents. They'll think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom well well well well well well well well you know I mean uh so so I mean Walsh and I'm here with with with with with with with with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe hello Joe hello Joe hello Joe hello Joe hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello Joe hello Joe hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking I I I I I I I I mean like uh uh so you know you know about Tick Tock and it's road to success success success success success success success success. So this app take talk um so I mean so like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really like like like like like like like like uh you know um I mean you know you know popular app and and and and and and and and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months uh I mean uh um um um um um um um um so so you know. It's given it's given it's given it's given it's given it's given given given given given given given given it's given it's given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous. One of um well um like uh um you know those teams you might might might might might might might might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so so so well well well well well well well well you know like so okay a song that you guys might know that's really popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular. Is this song Lottery? uh so um like like like you know So if he was was was was was was was was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a a a a a a a a podcast you know okay uh so um like so dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will will will will will will will will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is well you know um uh well you know know know know know know know know I mean the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't too well so okay like well I mean like horrible and still trying to find find find find find find find find my feet. So I hope you are bear um well okay um like I I I I I I I I mean so with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff and re-recorded well um um I mean you know uh okay sections that were terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover recent well well so so so so so so so so well I mean so you know news and questions that I've been asked by the the the the the the the the community. I then spend the rest um uh well okay you know well like of the the the the the the the the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks like I mean I I I I I I I I mean well um you know um of the game. I was intending to spend some some some some some some some some time discussing how to use them I mean uh well I mean uh like like like like like like like like you know as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of Basic uh like uh okay um uh uh Ground to cover I'll be focusing on on on on on on on on the man of courses primarily from gaming okay so well I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably notice so okay so you know I mean um uh a slight change in in in in in in in in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This you know so uh um um um um um um um um uh well well week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio this audio this audio this audio this audio this audio this audio this this this this this this this this audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today today today today today today today today well uh um um well um you know and get access to to to to to to to to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal you know um um um um um um um um um okay uh um um development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or or or or or or or or commuting to work and um like like so well like um get the key key key key key key key key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick readcom like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean uh uh um. App and app and app and app and app app app app app app app app and app and app and app and download our app for free today. Summary of of of of of of of of the one our content plan by Miracle, uh well uh well I mean I I I I I I I I mean uh 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is like like well like you know I mean um um um um um um um um making a big bold promise. She's promised to give you a Year's worth like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well like um okay of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before before before before before before before before you go all you know like well I mean I mean so so in in in in in in in in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've heard the um so so so so so so so so well um I mean okay okay quote give a man a fish and you feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some at some at some at some at some at some at some at at at at at at at at some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over so so so so so so so so uh like okay uh um like a Southern state flooding most of the many counties counties counties counties counties counties counties counties since the water was about six um okay so I mean like um um um um um um um um um feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on like like like like like like like like you know okay okay so well so the porch roof watching the wreckage Float Float Float Float Float Float Float Float by the young son happened to notice you know you know okay okay um um um um um um um um like uh a nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet that person well uh uh you know you know you know okay who who who who who who who who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated um you you you you you you you you know um well well okay I mean out of sight. Around the corner of the house house house house house house house house the boy kept on watching okay um uh uh okay okay well the river river river river river river river river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the um okay um um um um um um um um okay so um uh current. This was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his his his his his his his his eye on it. It okay it okay it okay it okay it okay it okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay it okay it okay I mean um I mean like well you know floated Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down again um so so so so so so so so I mean I mean I mean so so after a while. It came came came came came came came came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the finally the finally the finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally the finally the finally the finally the finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and and and and and and and and Romy. It's you know okay okay you know well okay like a whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We are I I I I I I I I mean well uh um you know so I mean obviously starting our conversation with social social social social social social social social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this moment of uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh um okay Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a a a a a a a a sudden like hand uh um like like like I mean so in my shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's um so so well well well well well well well well well uh so wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and and and and and and and and it's just the you know so like so well okay well two of us us us us us us us us. Discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing the the the the the the the the discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are okay uh um you you you you you you you you know okay uh okay watching us like dance around with a microphone and then then then then then then then then we just fade into their lives. I I mean um I mean okay so you know know know know know know know know okay love that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams now okay well well well well well well well well okay you know uh um uh. It's probably it's probably it's probably it's probably it's probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably it's probably it's probably it's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you you you you you you you you must have a lot like well okay uh I mean so well well well well well well well well of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's uh you know know know know know know know know um well okay you know I mean just like a myth girls like walking kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of in we're talking about those um you know I mean okay uh you you you you you you you you know okay are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's usually okay you know so um so you know well Gonzo a feature and and and and and and and and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we are recording um um um um um um um um so I mean like I mean okay I mean our podcast. We have we have we have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have hours of audio that we we we we we we we we have to sift through well uh okay uh uh like okay more often than not the the the the the the the the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual point so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so like you know um that we're not sure if it really can can can can can can can can get into the podcast. We thought uh uh you know um okay you know okay we we we we we we we we might share one of them with you now, but remember if you want to like like like like like like like like so so well you know I mean okay be involved, don't forget. You send send send send send send send send you send you send you send you send you send you send you send us us us us us us us us a DM. Send us your questions and we'll like you know so so uh um um um um um um um um like go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did did did did did did did did I did the well well so um so I mean well whole sort of winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I did I did I did I did I I I I I I I I did I did I did I did like well well okay I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like did Miami and then sort of come back round again and went into I I I I I I I I mean well well so well uh I mean they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you about okay okay so like like um well anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's so so uh you know like like like like like like like like uh like free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your podcast right I mean um uh like okay uh okay from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. You can make money from your podcast with no so okay so well okay um um um um um um um um uh minimum listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we we we we we we we we can be I mean so well so so well like heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many many many many many many many more. It's everything. You need to make um you know so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney Walsh and I have a like like like like like like like like like I mean um well so well special guest here today. Say hello. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi. You want you want you want you want you want you want want want want want want want want you want you want to introduce yourself over there? My name so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like um okay is Katherine. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine so Catherine so Catherine so Catherine so Catherine so Catherine so so so so so so so so Catherine so Catherine so uh okay okay so like you know dances with me me me me me me me me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well okay like I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep it discreet like I'll like so well I mean I mean um um probably accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended I recommended I I I I I I I I recommended I recommended I recommended I recommended I recommended I recommended that I mean so so so so so so so so okay okay like well well I just For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that that that that that that that that anyone is going to well uh like like so um like listen to this this this this this this this this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American I mean you you you you you you you you know uh so uh I mean well Ballet company. I think it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic epic epic epic epic epic epic epic. Not for not for not for not for not for not for not for not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday um um um um um um um um um I mean um okay um I mean. And I don't think we bought bought bought bought bought bought bought bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So I so I so I so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean well the Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge cartridge cartridge cartridge cartridge cartridge cartridge cartridge Society. My you know I mean I mean uh well um well name is Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh we've uh we've uh we've uh we've uh we've uh we've uh we've uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um you know I mean so got a good show for you. Today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to be talking about the news from well I mean so well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um the week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and and and and and and and and Yacht so um I mean like so so okay Club and then on Thursday, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to you know uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay um Z. But in but in but in but in but in in in in in in in in but in but in but in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like so like so okay. I also love horror movies and we we we we we we we we really like to torture our friends High cuz so uh um uh you know I I I I I I I I mean you know he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me me me me me me me me okay so so uh you know like you know the horror version. That's the the the the the the the the only reason we call them that I have not no so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh you know so other reasons that all you know, I know know know know know know know know whatever whatever every week we you know you know I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so take him through the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously Jack um okay uh well okay so like Frost's and then we make fun of of of of of of of of it more or less or explain its Depth uh um well so uh you know know know know know know know know well of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm okay I mean um I mean um so I mean the funny one our our our our our our our our episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence consequence consequence consequence consequence consequence consequence consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast so so I mean um um I mean you know. Let me explain. First of all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that like you know uh um um um um um um um um like I mean so allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right from your phone or you know so so um I mean so uh computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple I mean okay uh like okay so so podcasts and many more you can make money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership okay like you know well um I I I I I I I I mean like. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go I mean well I mean okay so I I I I I I I I mean like to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to the the the the the the the the flip the script like you know like I mean you know like I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay I I I I I I I I mean you know like like um uh so and Poshmark. My store in closet name is is is is is is is is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and uh I mean um like like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really excited you know so you know well uh okay well about this week's guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh well um like this week's episode. We are going to be talking about about about about about about about about spring break because fitting so I mean um well uh well uh race coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be it'll be it'll be be be be be be be be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be we have week like like like like like like like like I mean okay I mean uh like well one week of classes still still still still still still still still and then spring break is the week after that. So March, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so I mean well uh I mean however, I guess this is probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like like so all of my exams I have before spring break so next week week week week week week week week. I I mean you know I mean well okay well um just have a presentation presentation presentation presentation presentation presentation presentation presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam so I mean uh um well well well well well well well well well so for a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free free free free free free free free now, well you know um well well you know okay we've finished our last last last last last last last last exam today, which is so so nice because we had like straight um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like okay um you know Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I I I I I I I I will say it was like the uh like well okay well um okay most stressful thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing in the world because like it's really not like the hardest classes ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, okay uh well I mean uh uh you know but it's just kind of you you you you you you you you know today and I'm out of the way especially um well well you know I I I I I I I I mean well like because now that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before before before before before before before before we get started today. I just I just I just I just I just just just just just just just just I just I just I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know uh uh I mean like Spotify on Spotify. You can you can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to all of your favorite artists and you know well well well like like like like like like like like uh you know podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a a a a a a a a premium account and I mean you know so well you know you know like that is is is is is is is is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save you know I mean like um um um um um um um um like um well a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your your your your your your your your favorite podcast okay okay I mean um you know okay uh. So you never miss an an an an an an an an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your well you know know know know know know know know well like well um well friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to to to to to to to to listen to so well so you know you know I mean I mean offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many many many many many many many many I mean um okay okay uh so you know. The apps downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if so if so if so if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if you haven't um uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh well done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast you you you you you you you you know so you know uh so uh I mean on Spotify or browse podcasts in the the the the the the the the you are Library tab. Also, make sure like I mean so you know um I I I I I I I I mean you know to follow us on there. So you never miss an an an an an an an an episode of optimal living advice well you know um okay um I mean okay. That being being being being being being being being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode so I mean um um um um um um um um so I mean um I mean 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where where where where where where where where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi and hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth Seth Seth Seth Seth Seth Seth Seth. Hey Dustin, what's up? well well um I mean like like okay Not much. How has has has has has has has has how has how has how has how has how has how has how has your your your your your your your your week been? It's Monday. So I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I so I so I so I mean so far okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well like well. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, we haven't talked to I mean I mean so uh I mean you know know know know know know know know you know since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but yeah, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but they don't hear the the the the the the the the tax you know like like so well you know okay that can't read that that that that that that that that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I so so so so so so so so so like I mean okay okay I mean don't think they want to read some of of of of of of of of the stuff that we say. Oh, okay uh so so you know like like we did go go go go go go go go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was pretty cool I I I I I I I I mean okay um so I mean so you know. We got to see some amazing album album album album album album album album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really cool. Music had music had music had music had had had had had had had had music had music had music had music had uh so like I mean I I I I I I I I mean so okay some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and and and and and and and and hint hint. There might there might there might there might there might there might there might there might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of of of of of of TV talk I mean um like like like well I mean now look at the buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after um like you know um you know know know know know know know know I mean okay show and guys. We are we are we are we are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are at the season finale of the such such such such such such such such a good season um I mean well like um so uh Chad Hills. I I I I I I I I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since I mean so you you you you you you you you know so so uh well season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey with you guys. I could well well you know I mean um I mean so so so so so so so so not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart fart fart fart fart fart fart fart of well um so well so okay I mean my love. I have Miss Janice Janice Janice Janice Janice Janice Janice Janice. I am and she is a biggest the like well uh so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was was was was was was was was um well I mean well I mean well I mean in high school. So So So So So So So So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan well uh so well like so you know know know know know know know know. Yeah, and she brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard Hubbard Hubbard Hubbard Hubbard Hubbard Hubbard Hubbard. What's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up up up up up up up up what's up um so I mean I mean like uh so guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you you you you you you you you feel like you know like um okay um okay uh you want to share? share share share share share share share I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for so uh um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a like you know well like uh I mean okay podcast and I'll tell you you you you you you you you why first of all, it's free. You can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can you can you can you can record well well like you know you know know know know know know know know I mean um edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. It you know so so you know okay uh like will do all of the work work work work work work work work for you put it out on Spotify apple and I mean like well so you know know know know know know know know uh well all of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. And it's everything that like you know I mean like like you know like you you you you you you you you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's what you need need need need need need need need to well you know okay I mean um so okay do. If you're if if if if if if if if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested Go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor so you know well um um um um um um um um well uh okay dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- go I mean uh I mean uh so um like check it out out out out out out out out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the you know um um um um um um um um okay okay okay you know okay inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So So So So So So So So you know well I mean I mean well like okay for our first episode we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old school one you know know know know know know know know you know you know I mean so okay I mean from 1976. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm particularly excited about this one. It was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was it was it was it was one of my mother's okay uh like um um um um um um um um um okay um favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones she saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw in the okay okay like well like so uh theater growing up. I was was was was was was was was introduced to this movie when I was about nine or ten, well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay okay I mean like which given the amounts of nudity and violence violence violence violence violence violence violence violence seems wildly inappropriate. But I turned you know uh you know well you you you you you you you you know um well out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get get get get get get get get into it. Let's chat let's chat let's chat let's chat let's chat let's chat let's chat let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as as as as as as as as I talk like you know I mean I mean um uh so to the best best best best best best best best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just Theory and discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss I mean well you know okay uh well like some of of of of of of of of the most important real world macro questions of our time what happens next and so so so so so so so so you know um you know like I mean well how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name my name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name is Kate kocher today today today today today today today today um okay so like like um you know. I'm going to be celebrating the the the the the the the the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother like so like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've not we've not we've not we've not we've not we've not we've not not not not not not not not we've not seen for I mean I mean uh so I mean okay like like like like like like like like a long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was in our uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know so I mean I mean I mean life and so important important important important important important important important to many of us and I wanted to just acknowledge that so well well well well well well well well uh um so well um story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today today today today today today today today I know we're going to like uh you know so okay like you know have a a a a a a a a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and sharing stories like you you you you you you you you know uh um well you know okay about good times and sharing stories about about about about about about about about the quirks and the Ridiculousness of humans um okay uh okay so uh well and and and and and and and and human nature. And so today I want you to kind of join me so so so so so so so so like um um um like um not just with the people that have passed away away away away away away away away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone so so so so so so so so okay I mean uh okay well so. That's exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes tapes tapes tapes tapes tapes tapes tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that you know uh okay I mean well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television television television television television television television television well well so so um so okay telecast during the first moon landing to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear more mini episodes like this follow I mean okay you know well well well well well well well well okay uh okay gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans Americans Americans Americans Americans Americans Americans Americans gathered around like well uh uh okay uh well a television set and turned on on on on on on on on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented well um um well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for for for for for for for for not not um you know well okay uh um like best friends forever. I'm saying what what what what what what what what it's not and then I'll see what I'm Molly um well well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 were just talking about you know uh um like like uh uh how we we we we we we we we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I so um like you know know know know know know know know uh okay um was telling a lie feels like it's been like years years years years years years years years for me. Yeah so so uh um um like you know. Yeah, doesn't yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not you know I I I I I I I I mean uh you know um uh so used to spending as much time with with with with with with with with you half an hour a week. That's crazy so okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay okay every other week or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly honestly crossing the line like uh I mean you know like well well. What happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened what happened what happened what happened what happened what happened what happened what happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing we doing we doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing we doing we doing we doing we doing we doing this you are well well well well well well well well I mean well okay okay I mean so you really leaving your hood on the the the the the the the the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on yes on yes on yes on yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes on yes on yes on yes on well you know okay you know like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like he's like he's like he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's like he's like he's like he's like he's like got vomit on his uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like so um like sweater already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi. All right was listening that I've got well uh okay okay so okay like puke puke puke puke puke puke puke puke on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't it doesn't it it it it it it it it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't like so so so I I I I I I I I mean well um really have the same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really really really really really really really really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh welcome uh welcome uh um like okay okay um uh to I just just just just just just just just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to why do uh well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean um I like this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what yes what yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes what yes what yes what yes what yes what yes what Treasures bring you to to to to to to to to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just you're just you're just you're just you're just you're just you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're just you're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show show show show show start well you know okay okay I mean like well brushing on the top of of of of of of of of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles well so like so you you you you you you you you know so well around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we we we we we we we we talk about okay uh well well well like you know a heroic woman from history history history history history history history history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible I mean so um okay like like like like like like like like well like odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family family family family family family family family in um um um uh uh okay well England a long time ago. Sarah was was was was was was was was different from other kids because she was born with well well so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she she she she she she she she was just a kid you know I mean like okay you know well so Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or so so so so so so so so so you know uh you know I mean you know try to create false false false false false false false false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of like you know like so so so so so so so so you know uh um that going on in the world today. As a as as as as as as as as a as a as a as a as a as a as a matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter of fact, the inspiration behind this uh I mean well so okay you know so so so so so so so so podcast is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being being being being being being being being real like I mean okay uh well um well being vulnerable and being true to to to to to to to to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite so so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to to to to to to to to grow through so okay well I mean okay um like our struggle and we we we we we we we we want this podcast to serve as a reminder um I mean like so uh you you you you you you you you know so that in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way way way way way way way way out when our you know like I mean well okay so uh backs are up up up up up up up up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so well you know so reasons the music in this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well um I mean a big warm welcome to my guests on on on on on on on on the show tonight and a Colgan and you know well like so like so well well well well well well well well loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well well I mean like well a lot of things to talk about We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're not gonna get into it just so okay you know uh uh so like straight away away away away away away away away no first. Of all of all of all of all of all of all all all all all all all all of all of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce I mean so I I I I I I I I mean um so uh so yourself to listeners at home. I know you very very very very very very very very well, but obviously people like I mean uh you know so um well at home though though though though though though though though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a well well so so so so so so so so okay um um uh second year from Hill bead studying physical geography from London London London London London London London London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's so I mean okay okay okay I mean well great great great great great great great great. That's perfect. That's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what what what what what what what what that's what that's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm so like like like like like like like like uh uh um okay I mean Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also also also also also also also also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up what's up what's up up up up up up up up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up friends puff stuff um I I I I I I I I mean I mean so so uh um podcast back on your listening device. We We We We We We We We appreciate you being here. We're doing this I mean uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um uh really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA PA PA PA PA PA PA PA. They want to give uh well you know well you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like like like like like like like like don't uh I mean okay like um okay um like questions things like that that that that that that that that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks supply um uh okay I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean well of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, EPA, EPA, EPA, EPA, EPA, EPA, EPA, and then you're going to do well I mean well okay okay so well well well well well well well well some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to the puff puff puff puff puff puff puff puff like I mean so I mean okay like uh and Steph Facebook page, and and and and and and and and it's pinned to the top of the page and um um um well well okay okay just tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like uh you know um products before and you stop for whatever reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason maybe try to different companies products okay like I mean okay so I mean well. You You You You You You You You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier maybe earlier maybe earlier maybe earlier maybe earlier maybe earlier maybe earlier maybe earlier maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe well uh like so you know okay okay there's something specific that you're hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than like okay um uh you know know know know know know know know like you know any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek so like like like like like like like like um you know I mean so okay. I love you catch you on the the the the the the the the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap uh well so um okay you you you you you you you you know well is dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We We We We We We We We support we support we support we support we support we support we support we support support support support support support support support I mean okay so uh well I mean so people's right to drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live um so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know you know approach to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits of a sober okay I mean so I mean um uh okay life. We We We We We We We We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that like um um um um um um um um um like so you know like is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind. I am pop like you know okay you know you know um so you you you you you you you you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a podcast. Let okay you know um you know I mean I mean so me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain it's free. There is there is there is there is there is there is there is is is is is is is is there is creation tool that allows you to record like um uh I mean I I I I I I I I mean you know uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor will distribute your um um okay you know so you know um podcast for you you you you you you you you. So it so it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh like um like I mean more you can make money from your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything uh like like like you know know know know know know know know uh okay you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try try try try try try try try together. I remember like uh um um uh like okay that day like it it it it it it it it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around um you know you you you you you you you you know I mean um um um sending messages to strangers and then I look look look look look look look look at that body and had face uh uh like so like uh I mean and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series series series series series series series series and uh okay okay I mean uh like I mean when you're still getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted to talk a okay like um um um um um um um um um okay like well lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, but most importantly. I I mean so I mean like well so you know know know know know know know know want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know when I should talk about it uh so well well well well well well well well okay okay I mean like. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but but but but but but but but why not just talk I mean um so okay well so I mean about Mary's Mary's Mary's Mary's Mary's Mary's Mary's Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made me who um um um um um um um um I mean so okay like okay you know I am today. It's like it's like like like like like like like like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like now Mary's Mary's Mary's Mary's Mary's Mary's Mary's Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately got shut well so I mean uh so so like down down down down down down down down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to to to to to to to to thrive well uh uh you know like you know okay in their relationships around you. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you um okay uh okay um um um um um um um um um um grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type type type type type type type type um uh um I mean you know okay so of relationship that's discussed. And And And And And And And And we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and and and and and and and and we're here to share all that. We've learned and uh um um so so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This This This This This This This This is you know so okay I mean so uh okay the girls go podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give like I mean you know so so so so so so so so you know well uh a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week week week week week week week week and I wanted okay okay like you know um well uh to say hello. I I I I I I I I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was um um okay you you you you you you you you know you know well okay little and I have a shout-out to to Perry the the the the the the the the Platypus just wish okay so I mean well I mean um okay that you never never never never never never never never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay um like I mean for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be I mean okay um uh so uh okay hood forever. I'm living living living living living living living living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it um I mean well well well well well well well well okay you know okay well anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to to to to to to to to cop it on them everyone I mean okay you know um like like so. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about like like like like like like like like you know uh I mean so so so some pretty cool stuff today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, like well well well well well well well well uh um um I mean you know I would almost consider this like kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of the one of the the first like not like so okay okay okay so so so so so so so so well real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts Concepts and other like okay uh like okay like you know things going to talk about besides besides besides besides besides besides besides besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean you know you know well um I I I I I I I I mean you know um we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the the the the the the the the difference between um well uh so you know well like a goal and then then then then then then then then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean by I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know well you know you know I mean that? We obviously there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what are you um um um um um um um um um well you know like so well talking about? So I'll so I'll so I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll break it down real real real real real real real real quick and basically what me and sheriff well uh I mean you know um um um um um um um um you know um came up with one more thing about what we came up with with with with with with with with what we what well so um I mean you know um you know we we we we we we we we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about about about about about about about about the anchor you know so you know okay I mean so uh app, let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain a few things because it's the easiest way so well so okay so I I I I I I I I mean okay to make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at at at at at at at at running wild you know okay I mean so so you know uh podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We use anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free like like like like like like like like uh you know so well okay so. That's correct. You don't have to to to to to to to to pay a single dime to make your own podcast so uh so so well okay so so so so so so so so. Also, there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like um so I mean like so um right from your phone your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast um okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay um for you. So you don't have to worry about it. It It It It It It It It can be heard on Spotify um okay so uh like I mean uh Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can you can you can you can also make money from your podcast well you know well well well well well well well well um you know so so and everybody loves making more money. So go so go go go go go go go go so go so go so go so go so go so go download download download download download download download download the free anchor app you know um um like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read so so so so so so so so like uh well so like I mean and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here to help you on your spiritual and uh like uh uh well okay uh healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student of Chinese medicine okay um um um um um um um um I mean so you know so uh a doula a Reiki practitioner and a a a a a a a a passionate highly sensitive person. I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I want I want I want to use my I mean I mean uh I I I I I I I I mean well you know uh knowledge. To channel information and messages messages messages messages messages messages messages messages for you to grow on all levels. Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi and hi and hi and hi and okay you know like you know well like like like like like like like like I mean welcome to this week's episode today. We will be doing meditation together together together together together together together together which will well well so so um like okay ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so um uh like so heart to heart acceptance live and neck neck neck neck neck neck neck neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's the so uh you know so you you you you you you you you know you know uh first shot. I say we roll with it and we just just just just just just just just keep going. You're right, uh uh um uh like so um except it's live to to to to to to to to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it live to neck okay uh um um um um um um um um I mean you know I mean okay live to knock exactly and well, welcome to to to to to to to to this first episode. This may okay um you know uh so so well be be be be be be be be a train wreck. It may it may it may it may it may it it it it it it it it may it may it may be like if it is we're just gonna I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um well you know uh like go with the flow. That's us us us us us us us us that's us that's us that's us that's us that's us that's us that's us and and and and and and and and let the train hit us - okay you know okay um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow of like okay so like well uh I mean the train. Hitting our hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting our hitting our hitting our hitting our hitting our hitting our hitting our bodies great start start start start start start start start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, okay like you know so um like like welcome back. That's to the the the the the the the the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined okay you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so uh the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my my my my my my my my stirring spoon uh uh I mean like like you know you know. Thank you. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted uh so uh um um um um um um um um um uh well by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck vleck vleck vleck vleck vleck vleck vleck. Yes back. Welcome back like I mean uh you know so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to Harry's podcast. Apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently the apparently the apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun those shotgun those shotgun those shotgun those shotgun those shotgun those shotgun those those those those those those those those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot okay well uh you know um okay uh of setup work that we we we we we we we we have to do in order to make a tournament well uh okay okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we so um like like like like like like like like like so okay um do a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and and and and and and and and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is it is it is it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same team team team team team team team team I mean I mean okay uh so um well record membership number in March March March March March March March March will we during the Australian by the end of like well like like like like like like like like so uh I mean I mean the season who's locked themselves in for round one? one one one one one one one What do we want to so uh okay okay well I mean I I I I I I I I mean see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against against against against against against against against last uh like okay well I mean um okay year's premiers the crows in the the the the the the the the AFL. W we discuss this and more on like so okay like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here with with with with with with with with so uh well so I mean I mean so Chris. How are you Chris? Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really okay you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than than than than than than than than so um um like like I mean um we would have liked. I actually had had had had had had had had a bit of a vacation early so well uh you know so okay well well well well well well well well early you vacation. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined I'm joined I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined today with David David David David David David David David um okay okay you know I mean I mean well Starr co-ack. Well, yeah at a very very very very very very very very special guest or a Perry. Thanks uh like like um okay okay like is he? he he he he he he he All right. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay so uh like you know talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good good good good good good good good so far, but, you know, obviously there's I mean you know you know well so so so so so so so so so like good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Okay. Well, so um um like you know well well yeah. Anything you've enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind you know know know know know know know know you know so like okay um uh of felt happy about is like, you know people, people, people, people, people, people, people, people, you know accepting me for well um well um you know I mean like who who who who who who who who I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here you you you you you you you you know you know so I mean um well so. Just want to give a a a a a a a a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, I mean uh I mean you you you you you you you you know I mean well like what I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy savvy savvy savvy savvy savvy savvy savvy but very easy to use, you um so okay like okay um okay know, what what what what what what what what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know okay you know know know know know know know know you know okay like uh so when the biggest thing I love about it is is is is is is is is the fact that it's free. So download uh like I mean um uh okay um um um um um um um um the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get get get get get started. Take so so like so uh uh well care. In this episode we we we we we we we we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode this episode this this this this this this this this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like well well uh so am Sapphire cindello now get cozy cozy cozy cozy cozy cozy cozy cozy and open your mind because it's story time I mean so so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean. Welcome to the first season of my new show where where where where where where where where I'll be sharing the supernatural you know like like I mean well I mean uh experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a a a a a a a a well uh okay okay um um okay story or need paranormal advice send send send send send send send send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This I this I this I this this this this this this this this I this I this I this I this I mean okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean well is an independently run podcast. If you like what you you you you you you you you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections like like like like like like like like um uh well like like okay. We're going with day one. The Tuesday first race race race race race race race race of the day of the meeting uh you know um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got shishkin shishkin shishkin shishkin shishkin shishkin shishkin shishkin at five to two Astro um so like like uh I mean I mean and phalange phalange phalange phalange phalange phalange phalange phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a last uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean so okay like 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding like well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so him on the day. Two main Market while I was was was was was was was was issued in a stirring um um you know you know um you know okay for for for for for for for for lunch. They probably they probably they probably they probably they probably they probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably they probably they probably deserve to be up there because they've got probably the the the the the the the the best form like like uh so I mean like um of all the horses horses horses horses horses horses horses horses in the race. She skin very impressive as two so like well uh so so so so so so so so like you know wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this this this this this this this this year looking very very um you know okay uh I mean so uh impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him. I've gone so like like like like like like like like well I mean you know well like without a heart he is a two-time winner winner winner winner winner winner winner winner over hurdle so far this season, well like well like uh well well he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's a that's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum uh so so so well like I mean bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We um um um um um um um um we um we um we um we um we um we um we we we we we we we we um like okay well so okay well got a fun episode for you. Today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're gonna be talking about the Desi strong game uh okay um so like you know know know know know know know know um of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new new new new new new new new poll has ended up I mean uh okay um I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think is is is is is is is is well well so uh okay I mean so gonna win the D3 Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win it. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean okay well stay tuned to find out who would might might might might might might might might be and then we're going to okay okay um okay uh okay okay end off off off off off off off off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the like well uh um well well well well well well well well like well season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that that that that that that that that a little bit I mean like um you know well um um. Bit, so so so so so so so so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint you you you you you you you you know like you know you know I mean okay like Rose had a long long long long long long long long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like um polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st st st st st st st st. Francis. And now and now and now and now and now and now and and and and and and and and now and now well like uh well um like uh today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night um um um um um um um um so you know well okay uh like toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your your your your your your your your mouth on one side okay uh uh uh so well um and brush the inside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean I mean so day this week. We've talked about a heroic woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman from history. Today. We're talking about like I mean you know well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean wangari. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was was was was was was was was born well like okay you know um I mean I mean in a country country country country country country country country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well so um was full of strong Lush trees and the beauty of of of of of of of of nature was okay so like uh you know so I mean everywhere but soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon that would change. Switch or switch or switch or switch or switch or switch or or or or or or or or switch or switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going going going going going going going going to okay so uh so I mean so well be doing regularly once a week week week week week week week week to cover the basic science of the well like well um um I mean I I I I I I I I mean coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to to to to to to to to the so well I mean I mean well you know um conversation about this this this this this this this this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it you know uh you know know know know know know know know uh okay so well to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a a a a a a a a lot of Buzz right like like you know I mean uh uh I I I I I I I I mean now in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, severe, severe, severe, severe, severe, severe, severe, you like uh like so um you know okay know response already like last week week week week week week week week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to to to to to to to to so well like okay like uh um another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going to get into a bunch of topics including okay um I mean like so well well well well well well well well like our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of stuff here well well well well well well well well I mean uh well so so okay spam calls from different parts of the the the the the the the the country. If you know what I'm picking up, I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know you know so um like we're discussing this because one of our good friends in in in in in in in in our multimedia class as we well uh I mean well I mean um well well well well well well well well get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them. It's pretty funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny. Stuff um stuff um stuff um stuff um stuff um stuff um stuff um um um um um um um um stuff um so I mean so I mean um I mean the best thing about about about about about about about about spam calls obviously is just messing with the caller. Interesting stuff like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well I mean um. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar collar collar collar collar collar collar collar at least one of the um like okay you know I mean so well earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with uh like like like like like like like like you know well well so I mean us today. We got we got we got got got got got got got got we got we got we got we got we got a great show. Look Look Look Look Look Look Look Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to like like I mean uh you know um um um um um um um um so preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and and and and and and and and it's not you know you know uh well well like you know in our normal spot spot spot spot spot spot spot spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, you know um so so so so so so so so I mean so okay so but bear with us and it's pretty good good good good good good good good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this well I mean well okay um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track track track track track track track track so you know okay um uh okay like me where the track office not not not not not not not not really supposed to be got some audience I mean so okay uh uh okay well well well well well well well well over here. Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot okay so so so so so so so so uh like um well I mean and a half. What does sex Bingo Bingo Bingo Bingo Bingo Bingo Bingo Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was um okay you know know know know know know know know um I mean well well a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that that that that that that that that room was through the so so you know like like okay I mean roof roof roof roof roof roof roof roof. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know you know a fire hazard looking back back back back back back back back at it but us being students not our like like so so you know know know know know know know know so like number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could could could could could could could could win uh so you know well like so you know and there were Current objects objects objects objects objects objects objects objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not well so um so like like like like like like like like like okay too sure what is safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of curve you know um well okay so you know like that but also also also also also also also also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was you you you you you you you you know okay you know okay okay okay like getting Aids on the watch of of of of of of of of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded uh like well uh well well well well well well well well okay uh money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay uh so uh uh counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past past past past past past past past 31 years. Today. We're you know okay um um you know you know uh going going going going going going going going back to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch I I I I I I I I mean well you know so I mean well okay and charged with the sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for um like uh um um um um um um um um like like so more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to to to to to to to to our March Madness you know so um like well well uh special. Listen free. Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas well well well you know know know know know know know know uh I mean I mean gym on September 10th 1991 world champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists so well I mean so like well well well well well well well well like landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about about about about about about about about the principle so like um uh I mean um you know of quarter extremity that that that that that that that that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter extremity movement um okay like like like like like like like like so you know like I mean violations, we're going to dive specifically today today today today today today today today into the importance of it and so uh uh well uh well so where to to to to to to to to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern so Fern so Fern so Fern so so so so so so so so Fern so Fern so Fern so Fern first question I have like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um so um so for you is when were you first introduced to to to to to to to to the concept? out of quarter you know uh uh uh you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically physically physically physically physically physically physically physically introduced I mean um okay so okay um you know to it probably day day day day day day day day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They well they well they they they they they they they they well they well they well they well they well they well you know um um um um um um um um so like um so just don't teach it that way but when you teach any any any any any any any any type of throwing so well you know okay I mean I mean okay mechanics, typically the the the the the the the the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping so okay you know know know know know know know know you know like I mean well or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today well uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh so in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Ruskin Ruskin Ruskin Ruskin Ruskin Ruskin Ruskin Bond. He's an he's an he's an he's an he's an he's an he's an he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's an okay I mean you know uh okay I mean I mean Indian writer with with with with with with with with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean like uh um so and Padma Shri. I found I found I I I I I I I I found I found I found I found I found I found the story in an an an an an an an an old book of mine and um well so uh um so you know there is is is is is is is is something about the way he write his story. These the way he brings characters to to to to to to to to um so I mean like I mean uh um life. I am personally a big big big big big big big big fan of his writings and today you well so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know um gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the the the the the the the the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to to to to to to to to well uh uh um you know so um get to the other side of of of of of of of of today everything that has happened up till now everything um like um uh um I I I I I I I I mean okay that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will will will will will will will will get okay like like okay well I mean I mean you through today, whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got this I mean you know uh you you you you you you you you know well like uh so 2% back yourself and know that today is your your your your your your your your day. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is your so well like so uh so I mean everyday positivity. My name is is is is is is is is Kate Cocker. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here on volley and I'll be okay you know uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the the the the the the the the meantime. Go like you know well I mean um um like for it. You You You You You You You You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you if you if you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you enjoy um um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well so everyday positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much much much much much much much much for okay like well you know I mean so uh joining today. I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that I mean you know know know know know know know know okay so um um you know you choose to listen today. I've had an an an an an an an an awful cold all week. So hopefully uh like um okay uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I'll be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's I mean well like uh okay I mean uh episode is something I couldn't wait to to to to to to to to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman uh so okay so uh you know know know know know know know know like the very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed followed followed followed followed followed followed followed on uh um well like so you know you know social media for a a a a a a a a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on so uh I I I I I I I I mean well uh like um another podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst now whilst now whilst now whilst now whilst now whilst now whilst now whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst I was training for like um like well uh you know you know the the the the the the the the London marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like like I I I I I I I I mean uh okay you know uh uh what he has achieved. I was just bewildered bewildered bewildered bewildered bewildered bewildered bewildered bewildered by his achievements. He is he is he is he is he is he is is is is is is is is he is he is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today today today today today today today today we well like well I mean you know I mean you know have got in in in in in in in in the studio very special. Guests welcome guests welcome guests welcome guests welcome guests welcome guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests welcome guests welcome guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of like so well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally where finally where finally where finally where finally where finally where finally where we you you you you you you you you know so I mean okay I mean um like mentioned. It would would would would would would would would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, uh uh well well um um um um um um um um um so and we we have and I've been up to him a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple of like well so uh I mean I mean okay times going. Oh, I I I I I I I I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big okay um um um um um um um um uh uh so like okay fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying well like so like so you know like to pretend I'm not okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. We've had we've had we've had we've had we've had we've had we've had had had had had had had had we've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast episode set like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um you know um up because my microphone I feel like it's only only only only only only only only really good for one person and that you know okay um I mean well like like like like like like like like I mean I feel like our audio is always a little off and you you you you you you you you guys well you know okay like well like well have probably noticed that and I'm trying to to to to to to to to troubleshoot it we're probably going to have uh I mean well um okay okay um um um um um um um um to get two separate microphones. But anyway, but anyway, but anyway, but anyway, but anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, but anyway, but anyway, but anyway, welcome to yeah, we said it with okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like like I mean um so me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first first first first first first first first time tuning in. This is so okay well okay you know um um a a a a a a a a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you well okay well well well well well well well well you know okay um um emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I I I I I I I I would say like you know you know like I mean you know know know know know know know know well it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not you you you you you you you you know okay well okay like well um like something fun was vibrant. What's up? up up up up up up up Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to um you know I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean the filthy garage or as I should call it the the the the the the the the freezing garage. Yeah, it's I mean so well I mean okay well so cold as as as as as as as as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh I mean um you know okay your balls are small. I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean is that because it's cold or is that just I mean you know know know know know know know know so uh like well like because your balls are small because that's because because because because because because because because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's up? Welcome back okay you know so so so so so so so so I mean um I mean um. My ball is small. It's like like like like like like like like 90 degrees. I like that hat dude. Thank so I mean I mean um okay so so so so so so so so I mean you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat hat hat hat hat hat hat hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um I mean well your children and your partner. We are going going going going going going going going to give you tips and strategies to well okay okay okay well so you you you you you you you you know create peace and authenticity within your family. This is this is this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is Felicia Allen uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh okay like well you know. I'm a social media marketer writer and and and and and and and and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 I mean okay so I I I I I I I I mean uh like you know and I am terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home. Mom to mom to mom to mom to mom to mom to mom to mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom to four so you know okay like you know like okay kids ages ages ages ages ages ages ages ages 11 9 5 & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life life life life life life life life I mean I mean well okay okay well um tools and distill the information for for for for for for for for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic uh you know you know I I I I I I I I mean you know you know um together. Okay, everybody. I have a high five five five five five five five five and that is that I have um so you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from you you you you you you you you know uh okay so so well like. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave is the executive creative director well okay you know like you know uh so so so so so so so so at cnx leading a team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so um I mean like all over the world starting at Ogilvy and and and and and and and and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston so like you know uh okay well well well well well well well well like and anomaly in New York and then joining Conde Nast. I I I I I I I I hear I hear I hear I hear I hear I hear I hear I hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear he's uh like I mean so well well so also a fine artist electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so okay I mean co-host from time to time throughout version final here here here here here here here here are a couple highlights from our conversation okay well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um so. We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young young young young young young young young so uh you know I mean like well I mean. And suddenly this is guy who who who who who who who who came into the scene and we all know um I mean uh um um um um um um um um um uh like who he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was really young young young young young young young young. I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was I mean well I mean like like you know okay a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're not you're not you're not you're not you're not you're not you're not you're not not not not not not not not a I mean you know like like well I mean I mean horse girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go finger well well well well well well well well okay you know so well well uh the icing over another company. Hello and hello and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to another another another another another another another another episode of officially unofficial. Hello and um so okay I mean like like you you you you you you you you know welcome back. My name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my name my name my name is Nat and my name is Bianca and this week week week week week week week week okay so um I mean I mean uh so. We are talking about the the the the the the the the laws of attraction. Are they hot or are you I mean well like I I I I I I I I mean um um I mean just desperate? How was your day? My day was very very very very very very very very boring. How was yours? you know so you know you know like like um I was was was was was was was was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons. So I I mean you you you you you you you you know uh I mean okay uh uh was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure how much I can talk about but I mean okay like okay like like well I I I I I I I I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and and and and and and and and FaceTime like you know okay so I mean well um. We all probably have have have have have have have have those devices on our phones. I do a lot of okay uh okay like well well well well well well well well I mean like live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some some some some some some some some of you listen to uh uh like uh uh uh um them some of y'all just just just just just just just just probably watched for a few minutes and then move I mean okay um um um um um um um um okay um I mean I mean on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to to to to to to to to talk about first uncovered okay uh like I mean you know so um um um um um um um um Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and and and and and and and and I mean um like so you know well okay that and that's pushing it it it it it it it it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it's pushing it's pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing it's pushing it's pushing it's pushing it's pushing it's pushing um so like okay like you you you you you you you you know I mean it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try try try try try try try try to you know okay I mean like so uh um help with your you you you you you you you you love with your day lemmas and try to make life a well well well well well well well well well so you know I mean I mean uh better place for you over to to to to to to to to live in and stuff like sets and shit from okay you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um okay dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as as as as as as as as finest team on my sleeve. I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain like like like like like like like like uh um uh you know I mean like streaming live on YouTube. We are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money you know um uh uh like like like like like like like like like uh live. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going going going going going going going going to be joining I mean so well um um well okay us soon and look look look look look look look look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, um you know know know know know know know know I mean well you know I mean I mean hey, how's it going? Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this okay um okay I I I I I I I I mean uh okay uh special broadcast. We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, but we have um like uh well uh so you know to talk about about about about about about about about Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all uh I I I I I I I I mean uh okay okay you know um investors in not as users of the company, company, company, company, company, company, company, company, but we're actual investors in the you know well uh well you know well well well well well well well well like series a shares of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this um um um um um um um um like okay uh like okay well brokerage that is kind of changed the rules offering free free free free free free free free training quickly being copied by well so well you know okay okay um all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode like so so so so so so so so so um well um like 5, it's Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, well like well I mean uh well you know you know, we just want to to to to to to to to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping okay uh so so so so so so so so so like like like fill in today is doing and we had to our pour pour pour pour pour pour pour pour one out for the uh okay I mean I mean okay um um homies. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay okay well uh well music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might Might Might Might Might Might Might Might be dead. There is no more fried a I mean I mean um um um um um um um um you know like um I mean podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I talk in Sunday pot I mean so uh um you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh so uh weekend. We're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going to start going to start your week week week week week week week week off right? Hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, hopefully, hopefully, hopefully, hopefully, hopefully, hopefully, hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this is you know um well okay like like well a whole different different different different different different different different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If If If If If If If If well you know uh so you know like like you guys have not seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article um well um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well on his medium page and it's another great one about around the concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept okay like so I mean um okay so of Bitcoin as a living organism. So So So So So So So So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's go ahead and jump like I mean um I mean uh uh um into into into into into into into into the read and then we'll talk a little bit about it afterward so uh like so so so so so so so so uh um you know. Bitcoins habitats bitcoins habitats bitcoins habitats bitcoins habitats bitcoins habitats habitats habitats habitats habitats habitats habitats habitats bitcoins habitats bitcoins habitats bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and thriving Between Between Between Between Between Between Between Between Worlds as I have argued previously uh um well um you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Bitcoin is a living organism. But where but where but where but where but where where where where where where where where but where but where but where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so and um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um uh I mean okay we're here to talk about American football. So I I I I I I I I go into the NFL after so I mean um um um well okay the the the the the the the the demo for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was like like like like like like like like I mean well well well uh like the one with Drew Brees on the cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover. Okay, because okay, because okay, because okay, because okay, because okay, because okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, because okay, because it won the Super Bowl well uh like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so and the AFC Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the the the the the the the the Jets. This was um okay uh I mean I mean okay well the game that that that that that that that that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you well um um um um um um um um you know uh okay uh okay play that demo. That was your first experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to I mean so you know like like like like like like like like like okay okay be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos Broncos Broncos Broncos Broncos Broncos Broncos Broncos fan because well quite frankly like um I mean you know I mean well well well well well well well well well because I have a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt felt felt felt felt felt felt felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC um um um um um um um um okay like um um well so bang today. I'm sharing with you about the feds feds feds feds feds feds feds feds emergency 50 basis point cut uh uh well I mean you know I mean like the the the the the the the the fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well well you know so a material change in the u.s. Outlook due to to to to to to to to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell okay I mean uh you know like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh basically indicated that the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain contain contain contain contain contain contain contain. It will you know you know um I mean um um you know surely surely surely surely surely surely surely surely way on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This like like like like like like like like you know well so okay uh I mean came earlier than scheduled March fomc fomc fomc fomc fomc fomc fomc fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the FED well well I mean um um um um um um um um um okay I mean being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by by by by by by by by market. The question that uh I mean okay uh um like well remains is is is is is is is is where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 so well well well well well well well well well so okay well like meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning jawboning jawboning jawboning jawboning jawboning jawboning jawboning. So um you know so okay okay uh you know our senses look to to to to to to to to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an an an an an an an an adrenaline boost. We saw we saw we saw we saw we saw we saw we saw we saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm 16 like okay you know um um I mean so today. This is another another another another another another another another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the do uh well well well well well well well well like uh like uh you know I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Thou Thou Thou Thou Thou Thou Thou Art my Lord. I so like so like so well okay have no good good good good good good good good be on thee as for the saints that are in the earth like like like like like like like like you know you know okay I mean so um. They are they are they are are are are are are are are they are they are they are they are they are the excellent ones in in in in in in in in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall be well um okay you know know know know know know know know well like okay multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of of of of of of of of blood. I will I will I will I will I will I will will will will will will will will I will I will well okay you know um well okay so not offer offer offer offer offer offer offer offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is the portion of well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like okay you know my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains maintains maintains maintains maintains maintains maintains maintains my lat the Lines are Fallen unto uh I mean well okay well well well well well well well well uh so me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Will Bless you know so uh I mean um I mean like The Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner winner winner winner winner winner winner winner um like um like like like uh. Saskia Weber who still a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match so you know I mean like well well well well well well well well I mean so. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't talk about but it's okay you know uh okay like well okay you know. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got the Athletics Athletics Athletics Athletics Athletics Athletics Athletics Athletics so so well uh so you know I mean goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining us all the way from well well like uh well well I I I I I I I I mean Sweden. What is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me me me me me me me me happy so you know like so well um um to be Back, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, it's always it's always really good when you can like um I mean you know know know know know know know know um you know you know get a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah you go you go all okay I mean well I mean you know so so so so so so so so I mean the way to Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about about about about about about about about that you know like okay you know uh I mean well. What's your your your your your your your your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I I I I I I I I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a person like like like like like like like like like uh you know like well well suffers from a sense of being powerless powerless powerless powerless powerless powerless powerless powerless. It usually it usually it usually it usually it usually it usually it usually it usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually comes from a traumatic event or um like uh you know you know I I I I I I I I mean you know series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one one one one one one one one of the biggest underlying causes uh uh you know well so I mean you know know know know know know know know of depression. And there was a study they did with two mice. They well I I I I I I I I mean um uh like I mean well had one mouse in a cage where they gave gave gave gave gave gave gave gave it a slight electronic shock, but okay uh okay like well you know so no no no no no no no no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave the shock shock shock shock shock shock shock shock to it well you know uh okay uh you know um. There was a a a a a a a a lever that it could hit where it could get out of the cage cage cage cage cage cage cage cage like so I mean like so so uh. The interesting the interesting the interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting the interesting the interesting the interesting the interesting the interesting thing about about about about about about about about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to to to to to to to to give a quick shout-out I mean uh like uh um you know I mean and and and and and and and and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to to to to to to to to my I mean so like well um you know like podcast and minor minor minor minor minor minor minor minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a so uh so um well well well well well well well well well like podcast you ask? Well when well when well when well when when when when when when when when well when well when well when well when I was trying to get this this this this this this this this one off the uh like like um okay so you know ground. He know me me me me me me me me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like well okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um okay how do I record an episode? How do I get my show show show show show show show show into like I mean like so like okay so so All the apps all all all all all all all all the major markets. Is it even possible to make so okay you know know know know know know know know well uh so well money from my podcast? Well, I well, I well, I well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I got the answer ladies and and and and and and and and gentlemen, it was very simple so okay well so um like uh anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so like okay your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you if you if you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay um well uh okay it's the app I'm using it is definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely the easiest one to use it's uh okay uh okay uh um so free free free free free free free free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well so um uh you know your podcast from your phone or computer and it will will will will will will will will also distribute your podcast to um well um well well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great great great great great great great great and like um uh okay well I mean I mean you can make money money money money money money money money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um um uh man. You gotta grind you got to get to where where where where where where where where you're going. So it's everything you know I mean so so so you know you you you you you you you you know you need to do all one place and to download the app go go go go go go go go to anchor like so so uh you know uh so on the App Store anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in you know so okay um um um um um um um um well like okay the madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to to to to to to to to my man like uh like I mean like okay uh. Everything in YG's podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing you know like like like like like like like like like uh well uh I mean what you're doing man. Great show great great great great great great great great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so uh uh uh idea how we do it here at paddle and and and and and and and and fin podcast. We use the anchor you know uh uh I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many many many many many many many many different um I mean I mean I mean well okay okay platforms. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right uh okay I I I I I I I I mean well so like like from your phone or a computer check out out out out out out out out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um like I mean app to get started. This segment is brought to you you you you you you you you by jig Master jigs when um um uh uh so you know so in doubt get get get get get get get get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean so so like your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and and and and and and and and fin podcast Network. This is the final okay I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay you know cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Josh Josh Josh Josh Josh Josh Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in and in and in and in in in in in in in in and in and in and in and in this episode. I'm going to uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay you know I mean like be talking about male multiple orgasms and so so so so so so so so stick around to hear more about um um like so uh I mean uh this juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant well you know know know know know know know know so um you know I mean I mean energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have have have have have have have have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the uh well so like um so so so so so so so so I mean sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual Sexual Sexual Sexual Sexual Sexual Sexual Sexual um um well like so like um Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So So So So So So So So there's a bit of a myth in our I mean uh you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity capacity. That's that's you know I mean so you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him him him him him him him him limp okay I mean I mean so well uh um unmotivated and tired afterwards. You You You You You You You You know, we have The Stereotype of the man who you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh like I mean finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then then then then then then then then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana Cabana Cabana Cabana Cabana Cabana Cabana Cabana uh you know so um like well I mean is all about living your your your your your your your your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring you know so you know well I I I I I I I I mean okay you know someone who inspires me and lives each day with with with with with with with with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that okay I mean uh like uh so uh by by by by by by by by listening you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like you know well okay uh it all begins with you. With With With With With With With With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I like so you you you you you you you you know like I mean so so mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like Breezy. I always say your name I mean you know well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it it it it it it it it like Madonna. Okay old uh like uh you know I mean well so so so so so so so so like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? name name name name name name name I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean uh well well like you know like Huh? No idea Tony. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Go so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean well like well with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name my name my name my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name is I mean you know well well well well well well well well well um like well Sean Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting over being sick and um you know so you know you know like you you you you you you you you know just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick okay um well uh you know like okay and trying to recoup recoup recoup recoup recoup recoup recoup recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know well well so headed the right direction. I think so, but but but but but but but but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm like um you know um so like um glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad you're on. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the the the the the the the the um I mean well you know so like um weekend or Friday night and you you you you you you you you were sounding a little rough. But at I mean you know so well so um um um um um um um um like least you know, you stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely over there, which okay you know okay uh okay like um I know they appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate so for this episode or actually before I get started with you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know I mean the episode make sure you're following us on on on on on on on on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing uh you know so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of of of of of of of of you are doing okay uh so so okay you know like very very well well well well well well well well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to to to to to to to to upload uh well um like like well well this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- Nah, man. What uh well so you know I mean uh I I I I I I I I mean is it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, first uh I mean I mean um um okay well of all, it's completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So so I mean so you you you you you you you you know well uh um are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is is is is is is is is there a ways to uh well um like okay uh uh do things with it it it it it it it it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to so well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean I mean record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your phone or your computer. Wow. That um that um that um that um that um um um um um um um um that um that um that um well you know like uh I mean so so so so so so so so is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just it just it just it just just just just just just just just it just it just it just it just on anchor or does it it it it it it it it well so like so uh um I mean go anywhere else after you post post post post post post post post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it I mean you know know know know know know know know okay uh um so um out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and a bunch more places. You I mean um well I mean okay you know know know know know know know know I mean don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is there any way so I mean I mean uh okay you know well to make money money money money money money money money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with like I mean you know know know know know know know know like I mean well so your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away away away away away away away away. You can start I mean okay I mean uh you know I I I I I I I I mean um making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know so I mean uh everything you need to to make a a a a a a a a podcast in one place. That's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know like you know um well um I mean. Let me explain. It's a a a a a a a a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record uh well like um I I I I I I I I mean well you know and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your so like uh um like um I mean podcast for you. So it can be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can uh you know so I I I I I I I I mean so uh uh make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need okay you know I mean so you know so you know know know know know know know know to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year like like like like like like like like you know like I mean you know I mean I mean three of my friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The you know well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well okay two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him so so so so so so so so you know like you know um I mean I mean that she loves somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody else in the second experience as a wedding so so um uh like like so so so so so so so so date approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two two two two two two two two parties um um um I mean well um you know got married, but within a a a a a a a a month my friend found out that she was so you know okay like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he he he he he he he he filed okay so I mean uh you know well so for divorce right away. Such Such Such Such Such Such Such Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be be be be be be be be explaining to like uh you know you know like I mean I mean each each each each each each each each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine to determine so well well well well well well well well well you know like well well your fate. And the reason why I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel that this is such an important um I mean I mean so well um well well well well well well well well topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their Destiny well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well um well or how to actually control their fate so that way they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're in control um um you know you know well you know well of what what what what what what what what they would like and as a man this is important to your well well well well well well well well well you know well um you know uh success. This is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not not not not not not not not only that if you want to become so so okay uh well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a man of value so that way other men or other people in general can can can can can can can can like you know um uh I mean so well lean on you. You're going you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're going you're going you're going you're going you're going you're going you're going to have have have have have have have have to learn this. So here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so so so so so so so so here's so here's so here's the deal. If you so well like I mean so so so so so so so so like you know don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person who cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot okay like I mean you know uh well uh sit there and focus for for for for for for for for two to five minutes, you're not going to do uh um okay uh you you you you you you you you know like well very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit to explain um well you know okay like uh so so grab a pen pen pen pen pen pen pen pen grab a paper. If you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if you if you if you can't take five to um um you know know know know know know know know I mean uh okay well ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza well well well well well well well well well um I mean so I mean well featuring this week. Only us to Alfie Alfie Alfie Alfie Alfie Alfie Alfie Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha cultural alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the I mean you know um uh like like like like like like like like you know okay cutout fee. How are how are how are how are how how how how how how how how are how are how are how are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels a bit lonely well I mean like um uh I mean um to be be be be be be be be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously um um like well well well well well well well well well um I mean we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could could could could could could could could say all due respect to okay um I mean well um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not not not not not not not not quite well like like so I mean I mean well to be fair. Neither Neither Neither Neither Neither Neither Neither Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had our well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay well first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was was was was was was was was absolutely fantastic on I mean you know like um um you know um the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast last week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it it it it it it it it a listen also. Feel free feel free feel free feel free feel free feel free feel free feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys want I mean um like okay um okay well to hop on the blue Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So myself uh um like um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so so so so so so so so we got our first uh I mean um like um well um contestant. Are you you you you you you you you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, so so it's so like like like like like like like like like uh uh well you know nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you there there there there there there there there okay okay so so okay okay like are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on on on on on on on on death row who will probably die like so okay uh I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man man man man man man man man you know like well so uh I mean so was convicted for a double murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was I mean like um you know I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh arrested this man wanted the death penalty. He did not not not not not not not not not want to grow old in uh um you know well um um okay prison prison prison prison prison prison prison prison and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee I I I I I I I I mean you know okay like uh well like hot, but your bones chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup like uh so um um um um um um um um um so okay of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent most of his life in um like well well okay uh so Michigan with with with with with with with with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here so you know know know know know know know know I mean well like well I mean at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I I I I I I I I would go around and do uh I mean like well so I mean uh something special special special special special special special special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um like so like you know if they want to answer a question question question question question question question question that my students have written. I'm going to so um so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM IAM IAM IAM IAM IAM IAM IAM impromptu, they're uh you know I mean you know so you know so going to to to to to to to to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure I'm sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure well well well well well well well well well um uh you know um I mean in the meantime, I want to let you know know know know know know know know that tomorrow. We have another official so I mean well I mean so like like like like like like like like so guest and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between between between between between between between between two like like like so well I mean I mean Blue Devils. This individual is awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. And the story that they're going to share with well like so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you you you you you you you you tune in this weekend so like um um I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom you know so so uh like you know so from the ancient philosophies of Greece Greece Greece Greece Greece Greece Greece Greece and Rome. I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I am I am Massimo pigliucci a professor I mean uh uh uh like you know know know know know know know know I mean of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will will will will will will will will guide you well I mean okay I mean I mean well uh through this reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film um so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay well was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same same same same same same same same pain more easily when they okay uh uh you know okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer suffer suffer suffer suffer suffer suffer suffer okay I mean you know I mean um um like it for some lesser cause cause cause cause cause cause cause cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast I I I I I I I I mean um like okay I mean okay uh. Let me explain it's free. There's a a a a a a a a creation tools that allow you to record uh like like you know uh okay um um um um um um um um and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your your your your your your your your podcast for you know I mean uh uh um uh uh you. So it so it it it it it it it it so it so it so it so it so it so it can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay uh make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is is is is is is is is everything you need I mean so well okay uh um uh to make podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good I mean uh okay so so so so so so so so um uh uh Echo the FM to get started. No words no words no no no no no no no no words no words no words no words no words no words just just just just just just just just lightning breaking darkness and crashing um so you know you know like um uh into into into into into into into into the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all all all all all all all all you know you know okay uh I mean okay so night long. Okay, maybe it it it it it it it it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was so like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh okay filled with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the for the for the for the for the for the for the for for for for for for for for the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, you know know know know know know know know I mean well okay like okay I mean we think teachers hours each week by by by by by by by by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms I mean you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean um visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this this this this this this this this episode of Friday funny is you know so so so uh like you know is is is is is is is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening goodness okay you you you you you you you you know you know um well okay I mean for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski Dombrowski Dombrowski Dombrowski Dombrowski Dombrowski Dombrowski Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional I mean well like you know like okay well well well well well well well well comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of uh like like like like like like like like like so you know you know uh humor follow him on Instagram at Mister D D D D D D D D times 3, I'm Braun and this uh um uh like um I mean well is is is is is is is is Friday fun. He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am am am am am am am am I mean well okay okay uh uh you know here with this V. Hey, mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the um um um um um um um um like well I mean like you know like jam cast-iron Mark and across from from from from from from from from me is John was going back. Hey, man, okay um well you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well what's happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You You You You You You You You know, okay okay you know uh okay so you know are we in the the the the the the the the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like I mean well for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you know I mean so you know so so so so so so so so like I mean it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed revealed revealed revealed revealed revealed revealed revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We We We We We We We We I mean so okay uh okay well I mean need to actually move on and get get get get get get get get better. And how and how and how and how and how and how and how how how how how how how how and how do we do that? We do we do we do we do do do do do do do do we do we do we do we do uh you know uh so well so so so so so so so so so that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really I really really really really really really really really I really I really I really I really I really I really believe that that that that that that that that you can so you know okay well okay well I mean only win or learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means you well you you you you you you you you know like you know like I mean okay can learn something from the pain. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in in in in in in in in plain like okay uh I mean so okay okay sight. This is no pop culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the infamous Michigan Dogman like well um um um um um um um um um um like um. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban legends check out our um you know you know well uh so well haunted places places places places places places places places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes of urban legends every I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean okay so I mean so Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this this this this this this this this episode. Due to due to due to due to due to due to due due due due due due due due to due to the graphic nature of this like well well like like like like like like like like like like you know urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty cruelty cruelty cruelty cruelty cruelty cruelty cruelty so um you know you know I mean okay like genocide and death. We We We We We We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't like like okay so uh like like like like like like like like uh believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf like like like like like like like like you know uh well uh well um or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this greetings, this greetings, this greetings, this greetings, this greetings, this greetings, greetings, greetings, greetings, greetings, greetings, greetings, greetings, this greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And And And And And And And And this uh you know okay well okay uh well is understanding Edge. It's been it's been been been been been been been been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been a pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty crazy week and a half in the markets. We like like so you know know know know know know know know you know I mean you know reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic domestic domestic domestic domestic domestic domestic domestic International equities as well as um like um like you know um you know know know know know know know know fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought I thought I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought it would be beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial to I mean like you know well um well I mean get our chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss what he so like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so um saw over the last week and a half thoughts on on on on on on on on the FED Palace comments I mean like okay okay I mean like um from Friday and and and and and and and and where we're headed and what we're looking to do in this I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you very much and I mean I mean I mean well um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to like like like like like like like like I mean so I mean so you know um be about irony and Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments account well you know know know know know know know know I mean like okay you know so. So welcome. Sorry we sound a a a a a a a a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about blur okay uh okay okay uh uh like like like like like like like like if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm well I I I I I I I I mean well well um uh you know pissed off my fucking we record this from from from from from from from from songs on the first time. It was only so okay okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I I I I I I I I like to do before I mean um um um okay you know well. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope it doesn't do that. I could so so so so so so so so I mean like uh um I mean okay just start to go smooth. Yeah. All All All All All All All All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly you know okay like so um um like say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the the the the the the the the like so uh okay um okay uh top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years years years years years years years years today. We're traveling back to 1995 well um okay okay uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games games games games games games games games to pay off um um um so well well okay gambling debts a point-shaving point-shaving point-shaving point-shaving point-shaving point-shaving point-shaving point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports like well you you you you you you you you know you know I mean uh um events from history tune in right right right right right right right right here every day to our March Madness special like okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know well. Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your your your your your your your your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final um like well you know um um um um um um um um like you know buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Wolverines uh well okay like I mean so well had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264 264 264 264 264 264 264 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know so um well you know they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host host host host host host host host. Dr well you know I mean you know um um so. Maggie Perry. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a a a a I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also well I I I I I I I I mean uh you know um uh okay the founder of the online group therapy platform model model model model model model model model that care. I love I love I love I love I love I love love love love love love love love I love I love helping so okay um well you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each each each each each each each each week as I mean so you know okay well okay you know we share real real real real real real real real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing I mean so so so so so so so so um you know well well well with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss what effective therapy looks like uh well like um you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears fears fears fears fears fears fears fears and I mean you know well well okay like uh find that despite their biological biological biological biological biological biological biological biological vulnerabilities. They can they can they can they can they can they can they they they they they they they they can they can still live a rich full and I mean so like um um um um um um um um you know well you know meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base base base base base base base base and seeks to find I mean uh you know okay well you know like like like like like like like like and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas um like uh you know so uh like where their stock my model for Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this this this this this this this this like okay um I mean um uh I mean Earth for 20 years old sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know um um well um okay um um um um um um um um you know where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was I was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was banging Bonaparte did did did did did did did did not necessary okay well well well uh uh uh. Bro, you know what? I'll be be be be be be be be ruined if I'm not even talking to my boy uh like okay you know know know know know know know know you know uh like yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a a a a a a a a wise doctor like um you know so like so like. Why do you you you you you you you you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me um so well like like like like like like like like I mean um like yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm. So uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh like like like like like like like like you know you know you know um like why do you not believe in that that that that that that that that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you um okay so you know so so so so so so so so uh okay are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the the the the the the the the app uh so well like you know so well that I actually use to make and distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute bitch work is how I first okay okay okay like okay uh okay got started started started started started started started started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an app well you you you you you you you you know um okay um like I mean you download on your phone it's free and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's essentially a creation tool that allows I mean uh okay okay so uh uh you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor like like so so so so so so so so uh um like I mean will distribute your podcast for you. It's so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so incredibly easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy so it can be so well so like um like you know heard on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it it it it it it it it so uh uh so um you know you know to Modify an apple podcasts within within within within within within within within a day of me uploading my first episode you I mean uh you know well well well well well well well well well like um can make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership and it's you know um you know uh okay well you know everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys um uh well well well well well well well well I mean uh I mean uh want to get started making a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast or have an amazing idea download the you know um you know well so so so so so so so so so you know free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get get get get get started. Hey guys so well I mean okay um you know uh. I am so so so so so so so so excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale. I I I I I I I I like so well well well like um was scrolling through Facebook the other other other other other other other other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song like uh I mean like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all all all all all all all all so um okay well I mean I mean I mean it did for me me me me me me me me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song um I mean well well well well well well well well like okay like like for me of all time, which is called Love's in Need of of of of of of of of Love Today. I like I mean like um um um so mean, first of all all all all all all all all when you come up with a song lyric like like okay well okay I I I I I I I I mean okay okay that, you've got to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love love love love love love love love is um so well well you know you know like in need of Love Today and and and and and and and and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I uh uh um like okay so so so so so so so so you know love sitting and listening to it the message on it. Is that that that that that that that that Love's in you know well I mean uh um I mean uh Need of Love today? today today today today today today today We need to give the love back to ourselves to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean uh um okay so for loved it. It's that it's that that that that that that that that it's that it's that it's that it's that it's that it's that cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle and I wanted to get you to consider that you can like so like like like like like like like like okay like well well apply this to lots of things in your life and and and and and and and and fundamentally you are in uh well like so like so uh need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this is this is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the paper Outpost um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well well um okay the joy of junk journals. And today's and today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's and today's and today's and today's and today's and today's and today's topic is is is is is is is is oh my gosh, we well so uh uh uh well well are actually making books books books books books books books books and when you think about this, this is really a okay you you you you you you you you know you know uh so uh you know mind-blowing event because we don't teach this in in in in in in in in school to people but this is well I mean like I mean so so um um um um um um um um really one of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be be be be be be be be so um like so uh okay uh better off if they made a book book book book book book book book at least once in their life, right Holly uh um I mean I mean I I I I I I I I mean so uh. My parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep making those so um you know so so okay so books. We need we we we we we we we we need we need we need we need we need we need we need more more more more more more more more books in the world. All our all our all our all our all our all all all all all all all all our all our all our books are disappearing and well well like so um um um um um um um um uh okay it's all going digital and we just don't have much of a a a a a a a a record anymore with everything I mean like I mean well I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean disappearing everything from paper. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well so I mean so I mean um I mean. Let me let me let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me let me explain it's free. So So So So So So So So if you want to start a podcast, but you know um okay like okay um so so so so so so so so not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with with with with with with with with. There's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's no there's no okay um okay like so um you know money money money money money money money money to put into it. So you're so you're so you're so you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're so you're so you're so you're so you're just doing it and if it it it it it it it it works out well okay I mean like um okay I mean great, you keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out of your I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so uh like so okay pocket, which was a big incentive for me to to to to to to to to want to go with anchor. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools um so you know I mean uh I I I I I I I I mean uh that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your phone or uh so I mean I mean I mean so uh computer super super super super super super super super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it it it it it it it it so it so it so it so it can okay you know um um um um um um um um well well okay you know be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many many many many many many many more and you can make money you know like so uh like I I I I I I I I mean um from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any any any any any any any any other uh okay um um uh I mean um podcast Creator and it's really everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place you know like well so like like like like like like like like so uh download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked to so uh I mean like I mean well I mean an interesting person person person person person person person person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were young Our okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay okay you know um Guest today is the assistant news editor editor editor editor editor editor editor editor of the journal body. I so okay I mean so like I mean well wanted to to to to to to to to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to you know well well well well well well well well you know okay you know well so the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you you you you you you you you think I'm interesting like Seriously start um okay uh you know okay okay um um um um um um um um with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in in in in in in in in real I mean um I mean uh well uh I mean life. Well, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super okay like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um um important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I'm going to talk about you know um I mean uh like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean well okay well like to you about money. But not just just just just just just just just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets uh well well um so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how how how how how how how how much money um I mean okay uh okay okay I mean you have in in in in in in in in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life I mean I I I I I I I I mean uh okay I mean uh I mean your professional life spiritually emotionally your your your your your your your your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so um like um well well like like like like like like like like I mean many questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP VIP VIP VIP VIP VIP VIP VIP. So this is our so I mean like like okay well okay time for us to to to to to to to to be together and for me to answer your questions. So um well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so here we go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for for for for for for for for 15 years like well okay you know um okay you know. We talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am but it's a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know um um so uh little frustrating when I see others getting married married married married married married married married and starting their families. I promise so well well okay so I mean you you you you you you you you know I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm but I'm but I'm but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm but I'm but I'm but I'm but I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor okay I mean uh you know okay okay so five of the absolute hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest on fire cards right now. My name is you know you know I mean um um um um um um um um like like okay Jeff Wilson by day. I invest I invest I invest invest invest invest invest invest invest invest I invest I invest I invest I invest I invest in tech companies and and and and and and and and at night I invest so I mean I mean like uh like well in in in in in in in in sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we we we we we we we we you know I mean well well I mean so okay all love. Hello boards boards boards boards boards boards boards boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I um um um um um um um um um um I mean um okay uh have some cards to tell you about today? today today today today today today today The sports card Market is on fire okay so um uh okay I mean like and and and and and and and and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait to um you you you you you you you you know uh like like okay like tell you about them first though. I want I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going going going going going going going going what's going on guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name is so you know uh you you you you you you you you know okay okay uh Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We We We We We We We We have a wonderful guest on well I mean um like so like you you you you you you you you know the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well like you know okay um all things RSL about the game game game game game game game game that we just witnessed. We have Adam like um I mean like uh well well well well well well well well uh. How you doing today? Adam? I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing pretty good today rough game game game game game game game game today rough uh okay okay like well uh I mean game yesterday. I should should should should should should should should I should I should I should I should I should I should I should should should should should should should should say rough game yesterday. It was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was it was it was it was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my my my my my my my my well okay okay uh um you know so podcast, I've been searching for for for for for for for for so long. What kind what kind what kind what kind what kind what kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind what kind what kind of host how to do well okay I mean okay um um um um um um um um well uh it in general when I was trying to browse. It was it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was so complicated so much well well like like okay I mean you know so so so so so so so so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, uh okay I mean um okay you know I mean it's so seamless so friendly friendly friendly friendly friendly friendly friendly friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few days ago uh uh okay um um um um um um um um okay so okay and you must try this. If you are looking at at at at at at at at doing a podcast yourself, why um like uh uh like well uh don't you try try try try try try try try it, you know as for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and and and and and and and and see for yourself. Hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when but when but when when when when when when when when but when but when but when but when but when when I get a so well well well well well well well well you know I mean you know uh I mean release for me, it's all about about about about about about about about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget I forget I forget I forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget I forget I forget I forget I forget I mean you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know uh the choreography and I don't even think about it being being being being being being being being a workout. I just listened like well like um so well um to the songs songs songs songs songs songs songs songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in you know know know know know know know know um okay you know uh well I mean the shower when I'm making food when when when when when when when when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training gym, like like um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean I just try and listen to the music as many times as as as as as as as as possible, but um you know I mean so well so you know I'm not not not not not not not not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just like like you you you you you you you you know you know um well I mean filled music and what happens Instruments will will will will will will will will pop up or lyrics or stand out all okay you know um okay um um um um um um um um um well these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going going going going going going going going to um um like okay well well you know be or when it will be be be be be be be be but it just happens after you listen to like um so well well I mean like like like like like like like like it for a while and then when you actually then go right let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's plug okay you know I mean well uh um well in and learn the choreography choreography choreography choreography choreography choreography choreography choreography when those two things come together and you teach your like so um I I I I I I I I mean you know so you know already naturally in the music. So those those those those those those those those little moments that your son or little hit movement you know you know like like like like like like like like you know um uh uh or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based okay okay um uh um okay you know regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health to our soil our environment our like I mean like you know so you you you you you you you you know I mean bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for for for for for for for for and for and for and for and for and for and for and and and and and and and and for this first episode of Grey's okay okay you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis of the the the the the the the the like you know okay okay so like okay 1980s how the American food system became became became became became became became became more concentrated. That's transparent and what its cost both uh okay well I mean um um um um um um um um um uh farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that that that that that that that that topic than Joe Maxwell I mean uh so you know so well uh Joe has has has has has has has has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been a farmer a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean so okay I mean like soldier and attorney and a politician winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning seats in the Missouri House of Representatives and so you know well okay you you you you you you you you know um like the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a a a a a a a a uh like I mean uh so so you know little bit about anchor it's the the the the the the the the app that I use to record my so like um I mean well so so so so so so so so so podcasts. I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely I I I I I I I I absolutely I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these are these are these these these these these these these these are these are these are these are these are these really awesome creation you know know know know know know know know you know um well um uh okay tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone I mean okay you know okay like like like like like like like like um well or your computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So you can hear it on well well um you know like so so Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay um you know um so podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. And it's just really everything that you um you know you know so you you you you you you you you know um um need to make a podcast in one place. So I find find find find find find find find it really you know okay um you know so like okay useful and and and and and and and and accessible and really helpful. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can download the free anchor app or well well well well well well well well uh I mean I mean okay I mean you know go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just so you know know know know know know know know uh so so uh well like the easiest way to get your feet wet and and and and and and and and jump into creating your well like I mean okay you know I mean like like like like like like like like own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes uh I mean I mean like uh so okay. You'll be you'll be you'll be you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated manipulated manipulated manipulated manipulated manipulated manipulated manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good morning like um you know so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the the the the the the the the next few so so well okay um okay so minutes. You have a cordial invitation invitation invitation invitation invitation invitation invitation invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some inspiration some okay I mean um um um um um um um um you know um well okay education without any type of manipulation. Just some some some some some some some some just some just some just some just some just some just some just some some some some some some some some teaching from the word of God I mean uh okay like uh well I I I I I I I I mean that will help you verify and identify the plan of God for your your your your your your your your life if uh I mean well I mean uh like um you'd like to know that that that that that that that that and if you want to orient and just to the well so well um um um um um um um um okay you know well plan then you can do so you have freedom and privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy to do that. But uh you know okay so you know okay well remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well I mean okay well well you know like. Let me explain it's free free free free free free free free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit like um you you you you you you you you know like okay like uh your podcast right from your phone or computer and and and and and and and and covid distribute your podcast for uh I mean um uh well you know know know know know know know know I mean you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many more you can uh uh you know well so well well make money from your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship listen ship listen ship listen ship is everything you need to make uh well well well well well well well well I mean I mean so I mean uh podcasts in one place download the free ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle up or good Echo the FM well okay uh well okay so okay to get started started started started started started started started. Hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this this this this this this this this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited okay so you know like like like like like like like like okay okay okay about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth means wisdom expansion assets I mean um well so okay so I mean. Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much you you you you you you you you know so like um uh like uh money you have in your bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank account. It's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's about it's about establishing Harmony in your personal life I mean okay you know um um um um um um um um uh okay uh your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name name name name name name name name well okay so okay um okay so is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear like like um you know well well well well well well well well well like talk about something that is kind of alien to me. I am I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am not very very very very very very very very I mean well um uh you know so like I'm very informed on this and and and and and and and and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, uh so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so okay Karen tell me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there there there there there there there there. Yes, you washed so okay like I mean uh um you know Beyblade. Yes, and and and and and and and and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when I when I I I I I I I I when I when I when I when I when I when we grew uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh well I mean well you know up so we should just hang around around around around around around around around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it um you know well I I I I I I I I mean like so uh rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a a a a a a a a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I you know well so uh like okay um um um um um um um um have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't realize it. So uh uh so you know uh okay well it's like shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all they're all they're all they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're all they're all they're all they're all they're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories I I I I I I I I mean well so I mean you know well okay from modern-day disciples. My name is is is is is is is is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st. Francis I mean like you know know know know know know know know uh like um uh of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name name name name name name name name is Ana Fuentes. I'm so um um um okay like I mean the youth Minister as the the the the the the the the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy so happy so happy so happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy so happy so happy so happy so happy so okay uh okay okay you you you you you you you you know like lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a a a a a a a a super um uh uh uh well well you know special episode for you today. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's very special. We we haven't posted in like you know um uh I mean so so so so so so so so uh um maybe a week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about. Oh for sure you know so you know I mean so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay for sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have have have have have have have have a special Lenten well like like you know okay well um edition of the MDD MDD MDD MDD MDD MDD MDD MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have um well well well well well well well well so um so well so a guest this week, but we're going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk all things lent. We're going to uh uh I mean uh like like um do do do do do do do do some things that are a little different from what we usually do okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh uh well so okay on a podcast and it switch it up a a a a a a a a little bit Don't Know remix well so um I mean like like well of the the the the the the the the episode of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles principles principles principles principles principles principles principles so okay well like I mean you know you know and ground them in modern modern modern modern modern modern modern modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin so you know you know know know know know know know know um so like okay Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy to understand well um I mean I mean well okay um scientific research. So you you you you you you you you can walk away with practical tools to create radical transformations in your um uh um you you you you you you you you know you know uh well life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode and also having a new like so like uh I mean you know you know know know know know know know know guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder who is is is is is is is is well okay okay uh well uh so a life coach and a biofield healing immersion immersion immersion immersion immersion immersion immersion immersion practitioner and she also happens I mean well uh I mean well okay um um um um um um um um to be my girlfriend. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so so so so so so so so it's so it's so it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah you you you you you you you you know you know um like okay you know you know. Um, but yeah, so we we we we we we we we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do um I mean um um um um um um um um like okay uh you know you want to start it off cab sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made jeff made jeff made jeff made jeff made jeff made jeff made jeff made made made made made made made made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do so uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know uh well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you you you you you you you you. Thanks. Hey, we're like so like so I mean um um live. How's everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong uh like well so well well well well well well well well like uh. Awesome dogs. Just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start start start start start start start start training like like well you know um you know um your dog. Hey, guys, how how how how how how how how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh like okay the what would you have to show when you you you you you you you you do a one-hour show today? It's because I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean so so I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out out out out out out out out onions, and I've Invest lean on um um okay well um like you you you you you you you you know my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's wrong so well I mean you know like like um tonight Scooby last Q8 Q8 Q8 Q8 Q8 Q8 Q8 Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my oh my God having a baby well so uh I mean well okay I I I I I I I I mean. I'm Gonna I'm Gonna I'm Gonna I'm Gonna I'm Gonna I'm Gonna I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Gonna I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast by estheticians for um well well so okay you know you know know know know know know know know estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals well well well well well well well well you know you know okay I mean I mean I mean perspective. We're diving diving diving diving diving diving diving diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career uh um okay you know um um um um um um um um um um Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the the the the the the the the treatment so uh I mean you know uh um so room. Hi everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess and I like like like like like like like like okay you know I mean you know so so am here with Lauren today today today today today today today today. So we have gathered a few questions. We would we would we would we would we we we we we we we we would we would we would we would so well you know uh well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering the um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know you know well okay questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table table table table table table table table so you know well you know uh so okay Chronicles. So today we are going going going going going going going going to be having a very special guest on which is uh so um so um um um um um um um um I mean um Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the the the the the the the the first my daughter I mean um you know um I mean okay uh Carly Carly Carly Carly Carly Carly Carly Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled like like like like like like like like okay like like okay um okay. On this article that I received through a a a a a a a a Facebook message and this article was on like you know okay okay well like you know America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I I I I I I I I have for you so okay okay um uh um okay. Hello everyone. Welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes what makes what makes what makes what what what what what what what what makes what makes what makes what makes you podcast? This episode so you know you you you you you you you you know I mean so you know so were mainly going to talk about no judgment judgment judgment judgment judgment judgment judgment judgment the song and the video like okay so well so well like as well well well well well well well well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording this this this this this this this this um uh I mean like I mean okay well so as usual, you know, how we are are are are are are are are. We're just gonna talk about nylon Harry so um you know uh um okay um um um um um um um um because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a I I I I I I I I mean so so okay uh okay you know music Society. This podcast is a project of of of of of of of of Mind in which I interview musicians um well you know well well uh you you you you you you you you know that I think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions about like I mean you know uh okay um well all the really cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well uh well you know about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us us us us us us us us to create and listen to um so so like so I mean so the the the the the the the the music that we do welcome back to we live in a music Society Society Society Society Society Society Society Society okay uh like you know like well like. I am so so excited for this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. So I'm going to get um uh uh well like I mean uh to to to to to to to to call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like so I mean okay to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese so so so like well so um made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's the schmear. That's so well I mean well okay so so perfect for spreading on on on on on on on on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well I mean you know be the only subject for debate the cream cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia philadelphia philadelphia philadelphia philadelphia philadelphia philadelphia philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has I mean uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the the the the the the the the okay okay so I mean you know uh well hottest take my name is Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker like I mean you know um um um um um um um um like I mean um and Roger Sherman and Roger has the floor. Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best day for Holiday to be during so I mean uh I mean like I I I I I I I I mean you know the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior inferior inferior inferior inferior inferior inferior inferior option to so okay um well you know like uh just having a a a a a a a a random holiday in the middle of the week for Roger at the government I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like like uh okay okay. The government has thrusted all of our holidays on on on on on on on on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what what what what what what what what I okay um okay okay you know so um have some piping hot tea for for for for for for for for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting your you know um um uh well so so so so so so so so I mean very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app app app app app app app app called anchor FM best well like like uh I mean you know so part part part part part part part part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a creation tool that allows uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so you know uh so uh you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your computer you know like like like like um um um um um um um um okay. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on well so uh um okay okay well Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with like well okay you know I mean well well well well well well well well okay no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need you need you need you you you you you you you you need you need you need you need you need in a podcast in one one one one one one one one place. So make I mean so um you know uh like I mean sure you you you you you you you you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in hat uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well um um. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your your your your your your your your girl lovely teeth bringing like okay well I mean I mean well okay you the hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like okay okay you know 2002. Hey you hey you hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey you hey you hey you hey you hey you hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney you know know know know know know know know like you know well uh you know so plus series after all there have been been been been been been been been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at BR I mean well I mean I mean um um um um um um um um like well Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the the the the the the the the green and okay so well I mean so like okay gold that is a dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was circulating I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh okay I mean well not long ago, but was never actually confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed now looks like that's exactly what um okay um like um uh uh we'll be be be be be be be be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a like you you you you you you you you know I mean you know so well so kid Loki as well as both a a a a a a a a child and Lady versions of loci or straight uh so um well well okay like like like like like like like like out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few you know um um um um um um um um like so so well so times after being brought back to them dead. And it it it it it it it it looks like we're getting at you know so like um uh okay I mean least two two two two two two two two versions so will be fun to see what else we might see you know you know like like like like like like like like you know like uh uh in the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the the the the the the the the upcoming series? Let us know what like uh uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um you'd like to see in the comments and be sure to hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit that like button I mean I mean I mean uh uh well you know and and and and and and and and subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to to to to to to to to I mean I mean uh okay like um um Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 p.m. Right here right here right here right here right here right here right here here here here here here here here right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd uh uh okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night um um um um um um um um um so uh like um um toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your your your your your your your your mouth and make little circles with your you know like you know well uh like like like like like like like like so brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about heroic you know well um like okay like so women who who who who who who who who changed history tonight. We have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we have we have we have the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san like so so so so so so so so like uh like like so trois. Yeah. Santa was santa was santa was santa was was was was was was was was santa was santa was santa was santa was part of the royal family that ruled over over over over over over over over the Ashanti Kingdom and well so uh um uh you know like an African country country country country country country country country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti the Ashanti the Ashanti the Ashanti the the the the the the the the Ashanti the Ashanti the Ashanti the Ashanti people had many riches but there uh um um um um um um um um you know well um so you know was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on on on on on on on on and um um so so well you know um show Paul took one sec sec sec sec sec sec sec sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Eli I mean you know um um um um um um um um um well I mean I mean and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first first first first first first first first episode. We're trying to get you know so like um I mean okay so it it it it it it it it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided that that that that that that that that like um okay you know you know so you know fuck it. We'll give give give give give give give give it a shot and now here we are. So yeah, so uh so I I I I I I I I mean okay okay um it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, but we figured why I mean like I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know I mean well not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts and certain Interest uh uh um you know you know like um on topics throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout this community huge shout out to all the Facebook people already okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay well 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty close we're late you know like you know uh um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. But there's but there's but there's but there's but there's but there's but there's but but but but but but but but there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered like like like like like like like like okay uh uh well well okay in a series of slangs now known known known known known known known known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a okay so okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're about to so so um uh you know okay um hear and want to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to more True Crime events from history. Check um I mean you know uh like you know know know know know know know know I mean out our Series today and True Crime. You can find new new new new new new new new episodes every day so um okay uh uh I mean like follow today in True True True True True True True True Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is I mean um so well well well well well well well well uh so I mean Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student um you know um like uh uh well in in in in in in in in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are we are we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are back with with with with with with with with so you know you know like I mean so okay back baby after a lengthy break break break break break break break break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going like I mean um um um um um um um um so like I mean okay to be a Christmas break. We're gonna we're gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna get one out before before before before before before before before Christmas then we're gonna Get uh uh well I mean um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we we we we we we we we have no excuses like okay so you know well well you know. Just let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then we came you know like like like like like like like like so I mean uh you know uh back to UNI and we just couldn't be be be be be be be be arsed know. I'm gonna be completely okay so like well so like like honest with with with with with with with with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we felt felt felt felt felt felt felt felt a void so okay well uh okay I mean um missing that like, so now now now now now now now now we're back thing is though a lot of people have uh I mean you know know know know know know know know like uh um okay been saying to us like when you gonna do another another another another another another another another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are what are are are are are are are are what are what are what are what are what are what are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can can can can can can can can I get a what-what? Absolutely, uh okay uh um like okay I mean not not not not not not not not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we we we we we we we we all uh uh um you know uh you know um wanted by the end of of of of of of of of it. I think I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I think I think my jock lighter is in danger. He I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um um like dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going I mean I I I I I I I I mean well um like uh you know on? I need a fam we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're back for another day another week some more I mean um well okay so I I I I I I I I mean um than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new new new new new new new new season um like okay you know well um um. Yes. Yes and episode like 58 58 58 58 58 58 58 58 have already bonded with these people. Let like uh like well I mean so so so so so so so so well me just tell you really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I I I I I I I I uh um like uh so so uh love okay so off the top as as as as as as as as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh you know like before we get to the news news, I I I I I I I I got some things on the top I mean I mean I mean I mean like like like like like like like like so well. I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily like like uh like like uh I mean devotional where we dig into God's God's God's God's God's God's God's God's word and explore what it means to live like you know um um like so so so so so so so so I mean with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18. So we so we so we so we so we so we so we so so so so so so so so we do not uh okay um so I mean well okay lose heart. Though Though Though Though Though Though Though Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is being so I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean um like you know renewed day by day day day day day day day day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an eternal so you know you you you you you you you you know um um um okay weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look look look look look look look look not to the things that are well uh like so well like well seeing but to the things that that that that that that that that are unseen for the things that are um well you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal Here in this passage. Paul is paul is paul is paul is paul is paul is paul is paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor uh so so so so so so so so like um so okay okay if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast like so I mean so uh well okay first off. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free free free free free free free free it's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can uh um well well well well well well well well you know like you know uh make you money. There's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast so okay uh I mean you know well so so so so so so so so right from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo switch like so you know I mean you know okay okay craft have been completely made made made made made made made made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast so you know so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean for you. So it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else else else else else else else else where you uh uh um okay uh okay uh would download a podcast. This This This This This This This This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in so you know well you know know know know know know know know um well I mean order to Make money from your podcast anger will sell the the the the the the the the ads for you you know uh um you know so okay I mean you record record record record record record record record the ones that you want and they go on your podcast I mean so you you you you you you you you know okay you know um like. It's everything that you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one place. So if so if so if so if so so so so so so so so if so if so if so if uh um you know okay I mean um so so so so so so so so you've always wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you you you you you you you you so you know um okay you know you know um do download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started um like like like like like like like like I mean like well like you know today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to to to to to to to to our sponsor anchor I mean you know well okay uh um you know for for for for for for for for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All okay um well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean right, this is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only only only only only only only only that but their creation um um so so like uh I mean tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well um so phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you so I can be okay so um like okay like okay heard on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really um um um um um um um um so you know uh um well uh cool tool and we're extremely happy to be be be be be be be be partnered with them and using them okay you know so okay well um um um um um um um um like to help make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for so so so so so so so so like uh so so I mean I mean you to make money from the the the the the the the the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's okay you know um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if if if if if if if if you're um uh you know uh you know you know you know interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested in doing something like this, you know, go download the free anchor app you you you you you you you you know um okay you know so you know well or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f m-- to Started and and with that, you uh I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know so um so know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA Galaxy. I'm you know you know um so you know you know um Bryant Eddie's Eddie's Eddie's Eddie's Eddie's Eddie's Eddie's Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what up? What I I I I I I I I mean um uh uh so okay you know up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It It It It It It It It doesn't jerseys guys. I like them okay you know you know so I mean like like like like like like like like well. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on top top top top top top top top I mean so um well so so like and Blake all good. So today we are recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording the first episode of the well so you know so like I mean so podcast that we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like so um you know I mean has smelt a long story short short short short short short short short may not going to be in touch for um um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee on the lisburn road and uh um well um okay I mean um we thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help a few okay so so so so so so so so you know okay like you know so older. So this so this so this so so so so so so so so this so this so this so this so this is all very much part in in in in in in in in those thoughts into action well okay so you know I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our our our our our our our our well I mean I mean um um like um conversations recording and Publishing it then then then then then then then then we think this is a very valuable form to I mean you know okay um um um um um um um um um you know so do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically introduce ourselves so you you know I mean okay um well like so can can can can can can can can get to know us that more about who you actually listened to you know so I I I I I I I I mean uh um um you know and then down the line move very much want to to to to to to to to delve into some I mean you know okay um you know so so so so so so so so so of those deeper questions that may help others. So just so just so just just just just just just just just so just so just so just so just so just by where personal introduction my my my my my my my my name um um okay I mean well well like is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of of of of of of of of a uh so you know so you know I mean like wildflower here. We talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find we find we find we we we we we we we we find we find we find we find we find lessons like um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like so and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day Parables um uh I mean like um I mean you know. So grab grab grab grab grab grab grab grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join so so like like like like like like like like you know well like um us for this week's episode. Us Odes us us us us us us us us Odes us Odes us Odes us Odes us Odes us Odes us Odes our our our our our our our our stories are shared mostly by I mean um so well I mean um um Casey Casey Casey Casey Casey Casey Casey Casey and some of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're well well well well well well well well okay I mean uh like uh um a part of our family. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our well okay um well um um um um um um um um I mean so family. Now, you're part of our family, you know, you're a a a a a a a a part of like um like okay uh okay I mean our family now, right? right right right right right right right Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um I mean you know thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh so I mean uh um. Hello. I have two questions that that that that that that that that I'm pretty much already know the answer to but um uh well you know know know know know know know know you know I mean um I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, there's nothing better than so okay uh so um like I mean to know know know know know know know know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear you know know know know know know know know I mean I mean I mean um so you know it. Sometimes they call it it it it it it it it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever um okay you know well so so so so so so so so well uh hear me every time? Now that's funny you got in it that that that that that that that that far. My question um okay so okay um you know um was sometimes I call call call call call call call call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen um um um um um um um um well well you know so I mean you know to all of our favorite artists and podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in one place for free without a well so like um okay okay um um um um um um um um premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable imaginable imaginable imaginable imaginable imaginable imaginable imaginable topic plus you can follow um well you know uh well so like your your your your your your your your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh I mean you know so to listen to offline wherever and and and and and and and and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with I mean okay like uh like like like like like like like like so so your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, be sure to I mean I mean um well okay like you know download download download download download download download download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in in in in in in in in I mean you know okay I mean so you know well the your your your your your your your your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode um okay okay uh like well like of Optimal Health daily. It's another it's another another another another another another another another it's another it's another it's another it's another it's another it's another Q&A edition of of of of of of of of Optimal Health daily episode 950 um uh so okay okay um uh and I'm dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome back to another special Friday well I mean well well well well well well well well well like um um edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the so the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the so the other night I was getting some support from a coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach. And well and well and well and well and well and well and well well well well well well well well and well uh uh okay uh well I mean yes, I have a a a a a a a a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well um so coach because I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings about parenting and how hard so I mean like you know you know know know know know know know know you know okay it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed myself to fall into like uh so so like you know like this pattern of of of of of of of of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean like so I mean know better than to do do do do do do do do but I just kind of got caught in a uh well okay um you you you you you you you you know uh um loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said said said said said said said said so okay like I mean okay so um something to me so very profound profound profound profound profound profound profound profound and the shift that it has created since then so you know like like like like like like like like like well like okay has been so powerful that he just knew that I had had had had had had had had to share like well so uh I mean well uh it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Parker uh well so well um well okay link and this episode we talk about Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas so well like you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and and and and and and and and enjoy you know you know you know uh uh like well too. As we we we we we we we we as we as we as we as we as we as we as we all take a a a a a a a a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have I mean you know okay you you you you you you you you know like like uh some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along along along along along along along along with yes well well I mean okay I mean uh I mean up along with us us us us us us us us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what okay like like well well well well well well well well well I mean okay we're rocking as the beverage of the night. It's our day day day day day day day day off tonight. We like okay so okay okay I mean um usually watch a Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master okay okay well well well well well well well well um well uh uh Lego Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching the Super Bowl. It okay uh okay okay I mean well so was the the the the the the the the Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't well um well you know okay like uh know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh um so you know with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built uh I mean uh um so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road I I I I I I I I mean um you know uh uh like well. They're smart and then there's Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today well today well today well today well well well well well well well well today well today well today well today well I mean uh okay well uh well is is is is is is is is Monday, March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like well okay so you know. Nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson nick nick nick nick nick nick nick nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding his his his his his his his his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating like well so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh the Singapore exchange. He would subsequently be remembered as the man man man man man man man man who single-handedly caused the I mean okay like uh uh so like collapse of one one one one one one one one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you have to so so so so so so so so like well well I mean so I mean study right now lucky for you you you you you you you you. Dr. Bradley is here to help on like okay you know so so like like like like like like like like like Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one like like like like like like like like I mean uh so like I mean like to two board relevant microorganisms each each each each each each each each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover like well okay uh uh I I I I I I I I mean um all the important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original original original original original original original original board okay um so uh uh okay like style question for the ism with an explanation explanation explanation explanation explanation explanation explanation explanation subscribe anywhere you get well so okay okay like you know well your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but so so so so so so so so uh you know well you know um I mean you need to do this this this this this this this this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast so um well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh. I'm your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life life life life life life life life coach and uh okay um well uh you know so I hope women women women women women women women women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so so so well in this episode. We'll be talking about all things things things things things things things things periods hormones confidence health like you know okay you know like well so food food food food food food food food money sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to so okay you you you you you you you you know you know well um you know go through our heads. You will you will will will will will will will will you will you will you will you will you will you will walk away from from from from from from from from each episode with you chicken nuggets and okay so so well like like like like like like like like um I mean drink bombs as other the filter about love talking about all all all all all all all all the shit that people well uh uh like you know so like like like like like like like like are thinking cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so so you know well had to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm still in New York. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just in Williamsburg well I mean um so so so so so so so so okay um um now, but basically what happened is like the laws in in in in in in in in New York like crazy with like um um like I mean like okay well subletting and and and and and and and and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then they the well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay uh uh uh cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do okay um um um um um um um um so like I mean I mean so stand-up. Yeah. I had a first exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend you know like um uh I I I I I I I I mean uh okay and she just like got right and did not try to get get get get get get get get to know me okay well like okay okay well uh at all was like, what would would would would would would would would you say is your main issue? And I was well uh you know like I I I I I I I I mean um I mean like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little little little little little little little little we got 48 minutes okay I mean well well okay well um. Let's do do do do do do do do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down to to to to to to to to okay like um you know okay like I mean business and I was like, I don't know know know know know know know know. I guess I feel like I always uh like uh um um okay you you you you you you you you know need to be in control and she's like, is that what you you you you you you you you do comedy? you know you know so I mean um like uh And I was was was was was was was was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and she's like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean well okay like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk let's talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk and learn about about about about about about about about God's okay you know okay so okay so you know word life purpose values values values values values values values values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more so uh I I I I I I I I mean okay uh okay you know deeply on things that matter most this way way way way way way way way. We can experience a life full of uh well so like um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really I I I I I I I I really I really I really I really I really I really I really actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually want you to tweet well I mean you know like so um I mean me your your your your your your your your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So please hit like well well well well well well well well like okay well well I mean me up on Twitter Gary Vee and and and and and and and and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with the W um so okay uh I I I I I I I I mean uh like in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7 B7. Please hit well well I mean uh like so well me up with some some some some some some some some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the Vlog and uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so like well um if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee with double. He's then he's then he's then he's then he's then he's then then then then then then then then he's then he's then please um you know um uh I mean you know know know know know know know know you know enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited about this this this this this this this this interview so far well well like okay uh uh you know. Everybody's watching everybody's watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching everybody's watching everybody's watching everybody's watching everybody's watching everybody's watching everybody's watching on on on on on on on on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone numbers. We're going to call somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody um okay you know uh I mean so I mean in in in in in in in in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and your question and then teams uh so so so so so so so so okay well I mean uh like going to pick which ones but I have the the the the the the the the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John uh uh I mean well okay um like like like like like like like like in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? right right right right right right right so um uh well you know well well I think so. I don't want want want want want want want want to just let it sit here if okay you know like you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I'm not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to to to to to to to to you today is okay so uh okay you know um like because it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is is is is is is is is I mean um um you know well well okay warm when outside was still wearing a light light light light light light light light down coat. Had all had all had all had all had all had all had all all all all all all all all had all my stuff with I mean um like well okay you know like like like like like like like like me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash like you know so so uh okay uh. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting letting letting letting letting letting letting letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got okay I mean I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being being being being being being being being polite. So I was so so okay so you know um okay too hot. I I I I I I I I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes into the well like I mean okay like I mean I mean bank, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel I mean you you you you you you you you know I mean you know uh you know uh like a failure and that's like like like like like like like like any standard. So like if it's let's just say okay well um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month month month month month month month month or 500 uh I mean well uh so like I mean like in my mind unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it you know okay I I I I I I I I mean I mean like like um out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's stupid. I don't know why I don't um so you know uh okay so so so so so so so so so know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because because because because because because because because you're comparing okay uh you know so um well so yourself to the lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means. Yeah. Welcome like welcome like like like like like like like like welcome like welcome like welcome like welcome like welcome like welcome like well so like you you you you you you you you know so you know to the business of a podcast. My name name name name name name name name is Lorna Liz love and I am um okay uh so you know know know know know know know know okay okay a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a million million million million million million million million dollar I mean well well um okay well uh online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this and this and this and and and and and and and and this and this and this and this and this is Clem and this is is is is is is is is gonna okay um I mean like I mean like okay be our first podcast. So, So, So, So, So, So, So, So, you know, we'll see how it goes. It's been like you know well uh I I I I I I I I mean uh you know a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to to to to to to to to do it for a while now, uh so well I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say the thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing like well uh you know okay like uh the thing is is let's get this this this this this this this this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get into this uh okay uh like well well well well well well well well like you know first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks of of of of of of of of it all you know uh so I mean like so okay it's going to be a a a a a a a a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure it well so well like um I I I I I I I I mean uh out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you know, we'll get get get get get get get get a gun. Sorry now I mean okay okay you know so like like here here here here here here here here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, move it down so so so so so so so so so well um um I mean I mean to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always I I I I I I I I mean uh um well okay like like date white guys until me until I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm at hartge until you saw this well um like um you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean all of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of of of of of of of of uh I mean uh uh uh I mean okay relief. What's up what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up RG RG RG RG RG RG RG RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day so so so so so so so so well you know I mean so like like. I am I am I am I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I'm having a great day day day day day day day day today - do tell Yeah, I woke so um I mean like um uh like up up up up up up up up super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out did um um um um um um um um okay okay like I mean uh um some fun stuff and now we're filming filming filming filming filming filming filming filming the podcast. I woke up late. I um I um I um I um um um um um um um um I um I um I um I um so um uh like uh like like like like like like like like like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 hmm, 10 hmm, 10 hmm, 10 hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, 10 hmm, 10 hmm, 10 hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know so I mean I mean I mean and then I I I I I I I I just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I you know um um um um um um um um um uh well um so generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like so you know like you know with my co-host Chris silver silver silver silver silver silver silver silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh like like well so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just just just just just just just just like um okay um um I mean um got home from the gym. So So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so I apologize for any background noises munching on some I mean you know well um um um um um um um um well so well food. So I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so I so I so I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness sickness sickness sickness sickness sickness sickness sickness at okay I mean you know well like um like the Miller. But yeah, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how in in in in in in in in um you know you know I mean so well you know the world, you you you you you you you you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because I um um um um um um um um um I mean so um uh um am not tech savvy. I just just just just just just just just use an app called anchor which I highly I mean you know okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh recommend to anyone. It is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is it is it is it is a free app. It gives you step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step directions on how to well you know well um you know uh so create create create create create create create create your very own podcast. The audio the audio the audio the audio the the the the the the the the audio the audio the audio the audio is exceptional. There are free editing's tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools and uh you know um okay okay um you know the best part is that that that that that that that that they distribute the out your podcast for you uh um like so you know like like like like like like like like you know and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the the the the the the the the free anchor um so like um so uh well app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC hor well okay you know well well well well well well well well so you know like dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to another episode I mean well like you know I mean you know know know know know know know know you know of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank I mean so so okay like um well you so much for tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought of a okay so so like um okay well name yet? I I I I I I I I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name kind um um um um um um um um I mean so I mean uh well okay of lame. But but then I I I I I I I I was told that people may think that breakfast at well uh uh well well well well well well well well well you know uh Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual actual actual actual actual actual actual actual restaurant program, so I might do um okay I mean I mean um you know you know know know know know know know know breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's everyone doing? I I I I I I I I figured I mean um okay okay um so uh I would start a podcast. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe to maybe to to to to to to to to help kind of supplement my thoughts that well um you know I mean well like like like like like like like like I mean I have on other social media platforms whether it it it it it it it it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have um so I mean okay um like so you you you you you you you you first let me apologize. I just I just I just I just I just I just just just just just just just just I just I just ate Indian food and it's like I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee and thank like uh well uh so like so you for your applause everyone yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here in I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh so honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also also also also also also also also a I mean okay I mean I mean so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have a number of of of of of of of of okay okay you know so um I mean you know people who record here as well well well well well well well well. Now if you are enjoying the content, Not I mean you know so well you you you you you you you you know so so that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's coffee, which like I mean you know I mean so uh uh is about coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click uh okay well um um um um um um um um um uh so the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If If If If If If If If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you know you know okay you know I mean uh like listening via podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave um so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean you know a comment if you can we would love to to to to to to to to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh if uh if uh if uh if uh if uh if uh if uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like so so so uh so, we're excited to share our free Guide Guide Guide Guide Guide Guide Guide Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful uh so so I mean you know know know know know know know know um uh entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to to to to to to to to www.sceeto.com for / create to uh like so um well okay well access your free free free free free free free free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Begin Begin Begin Begin Begin Begin Begin Begin um uh um you know um you know okay right here. Yes. What a treat treat treat treat treat treat treat treat. I want to stop being so nervous. Hi okay uh okay okay uh you know know know know know know know know uh. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a a a a a a a a question about attracting my partner. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over for over for over for over for over for over over over over over over over over for over for over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's Blackbeard's Blackbeard's Blackbeard's Blackbeard's Blackbeard's Blackbeard's Blackbeard's fabled um so um you know you know okay well treasure. So far. Nobody Nobody Nobody Nobody Nobody Nobody Nobody Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son uh uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so so of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off you you you you you you you you know like so well uh okay like the southwestern coast of what is now New Guinea Guinea Guinea Guinea Guinea Guinea Guinea Guinea when it flipped over he so well like well I mean so like tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried to swim to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a a a a a a a a uh um um okay well well um Boeing. 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom Ransom Ransom Ransom Ransom Ransom Ransom Ransom and then parachuted to an well okay so um you know um okay uncertain fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate. These all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for like like like like like like like like you know well well I mean uh um them. And now and now and now now now now now now now now and now and now and now and now and now we're working twice as hard as as as as as as as as gone is now a weekly show uh I mean so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know in addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast I mean um uh like okay um so from the sunny City by The Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales and thank okay you know well um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the the the the the the the the Mind the show where uh I mean okay so um okay you know we we we we we we we we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts in the like um like like like like like like like like well well okay like future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather rather rather rather rather rather rather rather a local band called okay like well I mean like well so recoil and would would would would would would would would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which instrument you guys um um um um um um um um so like you know like okay like play starting off with you? What up? What up? up up up up up up up My name? My name is I mean like you know like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG recall recall recall recall recall recall recall recall Punk's like uh so so well like um with an X with the X X X X X X X X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that that that that that that that that easy you know I mean you know okay okay so well. You need to to to to to to to to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more okay well well like like like like like like like like like you know you know targeted a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got got got got got got got got done okay um well um I mean okay I mean watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon marathon marathon marathon marathon marathon marathon marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was uh well so uh you you you you you you you you know so okay windy. It was super cold. We're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to get more into detail detail detail detail detail detail detail detail about that you know you know um like uh okay so here soon. But But But But But But But But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson um um um um um um um um like well well uh uh like Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? uh um like I mean uh you know know know know know know know know you know Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I I I I I I I I thanks for having me and like like you know like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I originally originally originally originally originally originally originally originally like like um uh uh uh you know wanted to do back in January. So So So So So So So So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle moment for the three so I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like of us to finally be able to do this and on such a such such such such such such such such a high I mean um uh you know well so well note. Note. So So So So So So So So for so for so for so for so for so for so for for for for for for for for so for those of you listening at home both Jackson and Connor here are are are are are are are are okay okay okay well uh uh like from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's I mean um you know so I I I I I I I I mean so well you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just tell us a a a a a a a a little bit like so um I mean I mean like um about growing up and and and and and and and and playing for the blues with Jackson, you know, so like you know you you you you you you you you know so so so so like yeah, like I said it back on my my my my my my my my first podcast you know like so like um so you know like me and Jackson kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so much much much much much much much much for okay um okay so okay okay okay tuning in. You could have have have have have have have have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking the well I mean okay well well well well well well well well I mean so um time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do do do do do do do do not okay uh okay uh I mean well okay take the opportunity lightly. This This This This This This This This podcast is actually airing a year to the day after I mean okay like like like like like like like like like well uh um a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I I I I I I I I was in a uh like so I mean you know well okay hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble me um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um I mean like I mean and for me to take a few steps steps steps steps steps steps steps steps back and really realize what are the gifts I mean you know I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well that God has given me what has God given me to impact to to to to to to to to make an like well well okay like so I mean impact and I instantly instantly instantly instantly instantly instantly instantly instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for politics I mean like like like like like like like like you know okay uh uh so this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's so here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about um um um um um um um um so well okay well you know um anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's I mean like I mean like so so so creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so you know okay well phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it could uh uh uh I mean okay well you know know know know know know know know be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your your your your your your your your well um okay you know I mean so I mean podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all well so you know so so so so so so so so I mean like uh in one place. So download the anchor app. For For For For For For For For your for your for your for your for your for your for your for your your your your your your your your phone or go to Anchor okay well you know so um okay okay FM.com to to to to to to to to get started. Well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, howdy well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going I I I I I I I I mean I mean well I mean I mean you know okay to talk about about about about about about about about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by like like like like like like like like so you know uh like okay I mean Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and and and and and and and and David you have before. I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know I know I know I know that well I mean you know so I I I I I I I I mean well you know we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what what what what what what what what this country needs is a like okay you know so okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay king. Oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch you you you you you you you you know so so so so I mean so with absolute power. I'm not saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch like well uh um um um um um um um um well so so like diagnostic system. But look but look but look but but but but but but but but look but look but look but look but look at England right now how how how how how how how how much better would our um I mean well I mean you know well well well well well well well well so political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like like like like like like like like a so like I mean uh okay um I mean decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets to be king. But we have so um um like okay uh like a like like like like like like like like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're who's They're who's They're who's They're who's They're who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's They're who's They're who's They're as prime minister is actually making the I I I I I I I I mean like so um like okay you know decision, right? So he's so he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's so he's so he's so he's so he's so he's so he's have a a a a a a a a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job I mean like okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The The The The The The The The so like I mean uh I mean you know okay first fireworks on the the the the the the the the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking well well well well well well well well so you know so I mean okay well about starting your own podcast, let me tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you something. If you haven't heard so like so okay uh so okay about about about about about about about about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free free free free free their I mean um um you know okay like um creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um I mean you know like or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So you can be heard on you know I mean okay like well uh well Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No um uh I I I I I I I I mean well you know uh I mean minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. So I mean well I mean I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is is is is is is is is you know you know well well like you know okay beyond where you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how process how process how how how how how how how how process how process how process how process how process how uh I mean like you you you you you you you you know okay so so to get the best deal what scans to watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch out for and much more here's okay well uh okay well you know um your host host host host host host host host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard never heard never heard never heard never heard never heard never never never never never never never never heard never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's you know so so well well okay well free. Those are are are are are are are are creation tool that allows you to record and edit so so uh well you you you you you you you you know I mean like your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for well um so okay um you know uh you. So you so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you so you can be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make you know um well well well well well well well well I mean you know um I mean money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you everything you everything you everything you everything you everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you everything you everything you need to okay like you know um I mean I I I I I I I I mean like make podcast in one place. You start you start you start you start start start start start start start start you start you start you start you start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our well uh so so okay I mean well very first episode of of of of of of of of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good for okay uh like I I I I I I I I mean well okay I mean you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our our our our our our our our theme song that you I mean okay okay uh uh um uh just heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check out their new so so so so so so so so so I mean uh uh so okay release. Y'all ain't no that is is is is is is is is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme song so uh um I mean you know know know know know know know know so I mean is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever considered you know um okay well like okay um starting a podcast now is is is is is is is is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place uh you know so I mean so so so so so so so so um well I can't tell you how easy it was for me to to to to to to to to start my podcast I mean um so um okay I mean I mean and get get get get get get get get it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean like um you know the button. I had my podcast out out out out out out out out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and you know um like uh like like like like like like like like um you know many other platforms again. It was it was it was it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was so easy. I can do it from from from from from from from from my okay you know well so like you know okay phone from my computer. It It It It It It It It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I okay like um um um um um um um um well I mean you know you know can do it. It's free absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped uh uh okay uh um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh me with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a a a a a a a a better place you know I mean um you know okay uh you know to to to to to to to to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So So So So So So So So you know like I mean like so you know you know download the free app app app app app app app app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get uh uh you know like well okay um started again download the the the the the the the the app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing again playing again playing again playing again playing again playing again again again again again again again again playing again playing the game yet. I and I and I and I and and and and and and and and I and I and I and I and welcome to the trailer or bit of of of of of of of of an introduction you know so well uh okay you know um episode for the NRL super super super super super super super super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd give like um well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is going to be about. Each okay okay well uh you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh week and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up for for for for for for for for the I mean uh you know um you know okay uh upcoming NRL super coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach season. So I've so I've so I've so I've so I've so I've so I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've so I've played Super kosher about seven years and I've spent so well um so so so so so so so so well well uh a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about about about about about about about about the game The Players the okay uh you know well you know like like trades the the the the the the the the injuries and so I thought why don't I give you my thoughts like like like like like like like like like um okay you know well uh and try and give you some some some some some some some some tips and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening you you you you you you you you know uh you know so well well well to the Dubuque area of baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management I mean uh okay um I I I I I I I I mean okay you know follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced produced produced produced produced produced produced produced on anchor well okay you know okay um okay uh where you can record record record record record record record record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like well um Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and and and and and and and and any other major podcast platforms Definitely I mean you know so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this this this this this this this this thing to um you know uh um so you know uh get launching launching launching launching launching launching launching launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Ludlow uh so um like like like like like like like like like uh like CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness based community uh like um like um okay well in North Spokane that does does does does does does does does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know so so so something that's been on my mind for a a a a a a a a while and it's time for it well okay you know okay you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to go. So here we go with episode. I want I want I want I want want want want want want want want I want I want I want I want to talk a little bit well well well well well well well well okay uh you know so so like about why we're doing this and what to to to to to to to to expect and who it's for. So I mean I mean uh so so I I I I I I I I mean well let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of of of of of of of of our values like okay uh I mean I mean like well that that that that that that that that we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years years years years years years years years old you know well you know you know uh uh so is to always always always always always always always always be improving. So I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I so I so I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I am I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other other other other other other other other I mean so okay um okay so um Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming from different cultures and other scary stories I mean um well you know you know know know know know know know know I mean you know as well. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of urban legends and other so uh okay well I mean I mean uh Dreadful Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and I'm like um um um um um um um um okay uh you know like so your host and if you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow it on so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well well uh Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, out, out, out, out, out, out, out, you know? Yeah, just saying, you know so um okay like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well I mean like so Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Tina to talk about um okay well so so you know I mean the perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are I I I I I I I I mean you know uh uh okay I mean I mean bullish for Bitcoin a a a a a a a a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets like so like like like like like like like like you know okay uh uh globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys are gonna like it uh I mean you know you know um you you you you you you you you know like quick one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This This This This This This This This episode uh okay like like so like you know is brought to you by the cash cash cash cash cash cash cash cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was I mean um okay you know okay I I I I I I I I mean okay actually had a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other other other other other other other other not the other day you know well like you know I mean well well well well well well well well well yesterday. He was he was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he he was he was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you you you you you you you you um well well um um you know uh told me download that what was it it it it it it it it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's okay you know uh like I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed his memory had like I mean like uh you know I mean so to be be be be be be be be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them how um like like like like like like like like so well I mean I mean I mean to buy Bitcoin. I did I did I I I I I I I I did I did I did I did I did I did that thing where where where where where where where where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape well so so so so so so so so okay you know you know um I mean podcast where we talk to you about about about about about about about about how you can start and grow your hardscaping okay um well like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day so so so so so so so so I mean so okay so you know okay we are releasing an episode about about about about about about about about marketing. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to be covering SEO for okay you know I mean like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh landscapers starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need need need need need need need need you know okay well like well well so to do to be able to track track track track track track track track and Target keywords to show up as a uh um like so um um um um um um um um um um Top of search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean you know like so okay it getting into creating a website. That That That That That That That That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something like so okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay that I've been working on for the past 5 years at least now now now now now now now now with um um you know you know okay I mean well creating websites and how how how how how how how how two hearts keep was the next one in a series of websites well well well well well well well well so like um like I mean you know that I've created and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the the the the the the the the boys um I mean uh like well like uh podcast before we get this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode Ron. I really I really I really I really I really I really I really I I I I I I I I really do want to talk a um so like okay like okay so little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean like okay okay well admit. So if so if so if so if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if you haven't heard about anchor is is is is is is is is the easiest way to you know I mean I mean okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you like uh you know you know okay I mean so to record and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute I mean like like like like like like like like uh well so you know uh your podcast for you. So it so it so it it it it it it it it so it so it so it so it so it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple music. A uh okay like okay um like okay podcast my bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no uh okay you you you you you you you you know I mean okay so so minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a podcast in one place. Anyways, well I mean okay so um uh you know let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is you know um you you you you you you you you know like uh so okay the boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick. And of course me. We're you know so um uh um um so all the hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before so before so before so before so before so before so before so so so so so so so so before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good um um um um um um um um you know so well well like um and how well for starters it's free free free free free free free free and their creation tools that let you record you know okay I mean well well well well well well well well well um so and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor distributes you know well so I mean you know okay like your your your your your your your your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay so well like I mean looking to start your own podcast look no no no no no no no no further than anchor that's right. Speaking um you know I mean I mean um um um um um um um um you know um of podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I I I I I I I I slept until 9:00 like like well um okay like you know today. Oh my my my my my my my my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay um um of maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Colton Colton Colton Colton Colton Colton Colton Emmett so so okay so I mean you know you know here Wiley, and and and and and and and and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where we um uh um um um um um um um um I mean I mean like so just talk about things that are kind of cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool to us or relevant. What's on I mean I mean you know well okay well well well well well well well well so the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank you you you you you you you you okay um so okay uh okay you know all. Listening and how much we appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate it. We've gotten up to around 70 you know um okay like you know know know know know know know know um um listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi Zindagi Zindagi Zindagi Zindagi Zindagi Zindagi Zindagi Ki well you know you know I mean okay I mean uh Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay you know so well like covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Ed Makai Makai Makai Makai Makai Makai Makai Makai time well um okay so well uh I mean major Nicole today on the show show show show show show show show. We're going to be talking about gross rental yields like like so like um well like like like like like like like like in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell given that which like like like like like like like like like so you know um um okay is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it it it it it it it it is probably not likely an investor um okay so I mean okay okay you you you you you you you you know suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well a couple of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well you know like well okay weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one one one one one one one one of the large banks in New Zealand I mean um so so so you you you you you you you you know like and they said can you comment on an article that we're writing for um um um um um um um um you know I mean well you know I mean uh our website where they were were were were were were were were showing by the latest core logic data that the the okay so like well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas Whereas Whereas Whereas Whereas Whereas Whereas Whereas okay so well like so I mean so a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross yield for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are are you are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward I I I I I I I I mean you know like um well so um where we talk about doing your 20s 20s 20s 20s 20s 20s 20s 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you okay like you know uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And And And And And And And And this um well um you know like um well week. We are celebrating women. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th so like uh okay uh I mean um um um um um um um um of March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female female female female female female female female so um um you know so you know I mean podcast. Has Amy what could could could could could could could could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, uh I I I I I I I I mean like you know okay uh so so I know in a moment you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're going to be talking about a really well uh uh I mean I I I I I I I I mean um like huge piece of news that was covered in the media last week week week week week week week week. So I thought well I mean you know um well like so it it it it it it it it might be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story story story story story story story story I mean so like you know like so um that people haven't necessarily heard about about about about about about about about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and um I mean I mean I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean uh stumbled across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler so like um like okay you know okay in this podcast. What we do do do do do do do do is we have top ten lists. These are these are these are these are these these these these these these these these are these are these are these are the audio like um I mean so so so so so so so so uh I mean um versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If If If If If If If If you enjoy this well okay I mean okay I mean I mean okay show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, uh uh I mean okay well so so you are say hi to to to to to to to to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so um like stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word word word word word word word word come and say hi to me. Let uh well uh uh okay uh so so so so so so so so me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon with Slayer okay well you know um like so so you're watching top 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at well I mean like uh okay so so so so so so so so so the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different most of us us us us us us us us um you know I mean um I mean I mean well go through life life life life life life life life and not knowing who we are or what we want to well so so so so so so so so so so I mean well uh do at least until a few decades in we go through through through through through through through through many false you know well so I mean well so um starts and travel through through through through through through through through many dead and paths until we find the one that's truly right okay well well well well well well well well uh you know I mean well um for us many companies are the same often often often often often often often often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you you you you you you you you please take a I mean I mean so well I mean so like minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute and give us a five star rating? This would really help us to to to to to to to to move forward I mean so so okay like so so. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and and and and and and and and my name is Rory and we are the hosts so uh well okay I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week week week week week week week week on March the 13th I mean you know okay like um I mean uh. We We We We We We We We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from four o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock you know okay uh you know well I mean okay. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, this is the unique time when you can see um okay so okay uh um um um um um um um um um Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing a full I I I I I I I I mean okay uh you know uh I mean so ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll be it'll be it'll be it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be like I mean you know know know know know know know know like I mean I mean okay fun. So please do join in we do need need need need need need need need everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We I mean like I mean well like well I I I I I I I I mean really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to like like like like like like like like okay well okay um uh well Hannah's Hannah Hart. And today I am joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale okay like um I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know like and Jenna ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee Glee Glee Glee Glee Glee Glee Glee or from their like like you know uh um um uh current phenomenal hit podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our 30s well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like okay so uh or newly 30 learning how to say no and and and and and and and and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping well so well so okay like you know enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but I like like like like like like like like uh I mean well well um you know feel nervous today, which I really really really really really really really really yeah II don't know why I really don't know why listeners um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh okay uh you know and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to to to to to to to to this was my frenetic trying to get like I mean okay well you know so so so so so so so so I mean ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 minutes. I said said said said said said said said to all well you know um uh so uh so of this morning. I I I I I I I I was like, oh I've just got to make sure the podcast okay uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well okay is set. There's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing I hate more than when you show up up up up up up up up to somebody's like like I mean well you know you know I I I I I I I I mean thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have have have have have have have have fight um I mean so uh you know I mean okay say thank you. Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his um I mean um so well well well well well well well well uh well goodness and mercy in your life. What a God we have have have have have have have have to worship. What a you know uh so you know um uh well son we have to to to to to to to to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You um you know know know know know know know know I mean um uh like uh may be seated in his presence. I'm not not not not not not not not sure if you are aware of what is okay uh okay um well I mean you you you you you you you you know on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from from from from from from from from my father well okay so you know okay uh I mean in the Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the for the for the the the the the the the the for the for the for the for the for the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business all business all business all business all business all business all all all all all all all all business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic so you know know know know know know know know so uh you know like you know Cardone Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My you know so like uh okay well so name name name name name name name name is Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it how's it it it it it it it it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean like um I mean um going guys? I'm doing good, man man man man man man man man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, crazy, yeah, crazy, yeah, crazy, yeah, crazy, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, crazy, yeah, crazy, yeah, crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now now now now now now now now um like um uh um well like. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What a crazy so you know well well like like like like like like like like like uh episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And so so so so so so so so far well um um I mean okay um so first off we're gonna go with with with with with with with with like just this whole jugged 30 drama mystery you know so well you know so so so so so so so so okay well. There's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's so there's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans and then I'm uh uh well so you know I mean okay gonna tie up up up up up up up up some of the other little things at the end and uh so so um like like like like like like like like I mean well then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our our our our our our our our class clown class okay well um you know okay uh like president. So if so so so so so so so so if so if so if so if so if so if so if you guys have a a a a a a a a class clown class present for this episode, please okay like so well like you know know know know know know know know okay start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am am am am am am am am flying solo tonight well so like well like well so everyone. So please join join join join join join join join me in the chat if you have some thoughts so that I uh I I I I I I I I mean you know well um I mean well can also cut you as you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys as my co-host because I will be relying on like um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh uh you greatly tonight. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want I want I want I want I want want want want want want want want I want I want I want to take a second to talk about Brandon you know know know know know know know know so like you know um so so bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And And And And And And And And honestly, we could have done it well I mean so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my my my my my my my my new front tooth. We like I mean um well uh like I mean also also also also also also also also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any apparel well well well well well well well well so uh um like uh um from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Now, let's get into this episode I mean you know well so okay you know know know know know know know know like. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi like like like like like like like like okay uh well uh you know so guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're starting. I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC media media media media media media media media well okay you know you know I mean you know like today. I'm joined by by by by by by by by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire and so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um um well athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to to to to to to to to talk about All Things like okay well I mean well well um New New New New New New New New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know like well so. So welcome guys Luke. I might start with you you you you you you you you if that's okay. We've like we've like we've like we've like we've like like like like like like like like we've like we've like we've like so I mean I mean um okay uh been been been been been been been been chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. Me you know like like I mean so so uh across to cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like you know I mean I was born and raised in Taipei Taiwan Taiwan Taiwan Taiwan Taiwan Taiwan Taiwan Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I then I then I then I then I then then then then then then then then I then I then I um okay well um I mean well I mean moved over over over over over over over over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each each each each each each each each episode I mean okay you know I mean uh okay okay. We are going going going going going going going going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that you um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um um so can apply to your life to provide hope and help help help help help help help help for you or a loved uh so okay so uh like so one with BPD. I I I I I I I I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and nutrition okay um well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online online online online online online online online counseling and I mean I mean well so you know um okay coaching business business business business business business business business Thrive mind-body. We help we help we help we help we help we help we we we we we we we we help we help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate through I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean well like um tough times. I love the work that I I I I I I I I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are we are we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are from Tata like um um um um um um um um well I mean so okay um Institute of social sciences who have t t t t t t t t and we present to you goonch go to the um like you know so uh I I I I I I I I mean well podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current current current current current current current current social like I mean I mean I mean well I mean well concerns to to to to to to to to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on well well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well uh conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus. We uh like you know I mean I mean okay like also plan on having discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have well so so so so so so so so so I mean uh you know well something for our listeners as well. We will will will will will will will will be having fun contest for our you know you know so so so so so so so so so um like like listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this this this this this this this this mess will join well so I mean like so uh uh us on this journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune uh I I I I I I I I mean well uh um like um in to goonch. Wide range of topics we we we we we we we we have something for our listeners I mean okay like you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as as as as as as as as so like like um um you know okay a few surprise segments. I I I I I I I I hope all this mess will join us on uh you know so uh like like like like like like like like I mean um this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker Crocker Crocker Crocker Crocker Crocker Crocker Crocker. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you know um so um so like you know you're well today. Do you you you you you you you you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment well like um um um um um um um um uh like you know um this week with my coach about accountability and I I I I I I I I was really surprised. It's always well like um you know I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really really really really really really really really like so well like you know um so good at that and then then then then then then then then someone asks you a question and you go always like like well um um um um um um um um you know okay you know well that. I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I'm good at that or the time actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually good at that so uh well like um uh I mean I mean I I I I I I I I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through through through through through through through through um well like um like you know okay those challenges. It feels uncomfortable uncomfortable uncomfortable uncomfortable uncomfortable uncomfortable uncomfortable uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and you your okay you you you you you you you you know so so well well like instinct says right. I need to move away from this this this this this this this this. I don't want to go uh um well uh uh well um there there there there there there there there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire the millionaire the millionaire the the the the the the the the millionaire the millionaire the millionaire the millionaire the millionaire mindset says life gets easy like like like like like like like like okay okay okay uh you know uh when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself is about doing the hard stuff okay okay so okay I mean uh uh. So something something something something something something something something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go go go go go go go go uh I mean okay um I mean well I mean to youtube.com slash Gary Vee Vee Vee Vee Vee Vee Vee Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like um okay last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people people people people people people people people are kind well I mean you know you know okay well like of like sit down like like like like like like like like TV watching style throwing it on the smart like um okay you know you you you you you you you you know I mean okay TVs and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited about it. This weekly I mean like I mean okay um well um be be be be be be be be a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John I mean um um um um um um um um um you know so like okay and sampar, then there's a really epic. A meeting I I I I I I I I had with the Minnesota rocker um um so uh so uh well. That is the the the the the the the the team that I own in the Call of Duty League uh okay you you you you you you you you know um I mean okay so the minority owner along with the event Vikings Vikings Vikings Vikings Vikings Vikings Vikings Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting uh okay well like you know I mean so really really really really really really really really interesting gets into my mindset about business and operations and marketing of kind of so so so so so so so so okay um okay um so uh a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at at at at at at at at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast like so like I mean okay well well well well well well well well I mean. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right all right all right all right all right all right all right right right right right right right right all right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at at at at at at at at uh well I mean I mean uh like okay procrastinating and you know what 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this so so you know like uh like like like like like like like like like podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is the the the the the the the the you know like um well um uh you know easiest way to make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally free. Its creation its creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation its creation its creation its creation its creation its creation its creation uh um um you you you you you you you you know so so I mean tools are super easy to use and it allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to record and edit I mean I mean um like so okay you you you you you you you you know your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for uh well well you know okay you know you know you so it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms you I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know um okay uh can make money from your podcast right away away away away away away away away with no minimum listenership guys. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like it's like I mean like I mean you you you you you you you you know I mean okay that good. Okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in one place, please like you know like like uh uh I mean download the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started started started started started started started started. Trust like um I mean so so like like me. You will not regret it it it it it it it it. Hey guys, welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you you you you you you you you I mean like so you know you know you know uh follow me on on on on on on on on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that I post well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well uh uh I mean regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage us with the word of God um so I mean uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking at real okay um so uh well well uh life scenarios and situations, but the the the the the the the the End of that, we'll be using and speaking I mean so I mean like so I I I I I I I I mean okay very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart behind this I mean okay so I mean well so uh is that as we we we we we we we we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but like okay well well well well well well well well so I mean you know so we will our mindset that we would go through through through through through through through through it will be different. I am well um so like well okay um um um um um um um um so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down down down down down down down down. Yes. How's I how's I how's I how's I how's I how's I how's I I I I I I I I how's I mean well um like like uh okay the big man? I don't know know know know know know know know 90 job that will spot you suspected of mind uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like um uh has been on the minds to working for real until until until until until until until until right. Now you off social so uh you know like um um uh media. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch of you know know know know know know know know okay like okay like um well things. But I think for me the most important important important important important important important important thing is just um like you know uh I mean you know like to like like like like like like like like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it it it it it it it it well like like like okay okay well back. But then but then but then then then then then then then then but then but then but then but then but then I realize it sounds like they they they they they they they they really I need to eat okay okay uh okay uh I mean like your your your your your your your your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know so so okay week. I went to Munich and it was was was was was was was was a great weekend. I spend the weekend there like okay I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I mean so to do a keynote talk also was a part of a a a a a a a a panel and yeah had a uh you know well well like uh well good time in in in in in in in in general so good to be back right now and let's start off off off off off off off off with like okay I mean uh uh I mean so a brand new podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This time I've invited Matt angleman and he says it's not like I I I I I I I I mean uh well um like uh the first time that he's in this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's actually the second I guess like okay okay you know you know so so so so so so so so um he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records Records Records Records Records Records Records Records. But yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a a a a a a a a quick well like uh like you know like well update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going going going going going going going going to be able to make the podcast tonight okay I mean like well um so so so so so so so so okay. I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there there there there there there there there I mean well I mean um well okay like was a boot on my car car car car car car car car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, um um like like like like like like like like like well uh so they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I I I I I I I I just got you know I mean um so you know um I mean free this morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so um okay uh I said, I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have Have Have Have Have Have Have Have a have a have a have a have a have a have a have have have have have have have have a good time you know uh well so okay okay okay guys and man. I got got got got got got got got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay so like so well know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of of of of of of of of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor like uh okay so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use use use use use use use use and has so uh um um well so like all the creation tools. You You You You You You You You need to record and edit your podcast right from so you know so well well well well well well well well um you know well your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set set set set set set set set up on Apple Spotify Stitcher okay so I mean uh so okay okay wherever podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even well you know know know know know know know know you know I mean you know you know like if you're just starting out out out out out out out out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to so um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean okay check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F okay fokay fokay fokay fokay fokay fokay fokay I mean you know know know know know know know know so uh um I mean m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- back to you know like so uh you know uh you know the show show show show show show show show. Consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw I I I I I I I I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks you know so you know okay uh um you know. They were that dude dude dude dude dude dude dude dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do a okay so like well well well well well well well well um okay uh feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He He He He He He He He was so good like okay so okay uh um okay um yeah a very energetic energetic energetic energetic energetic energetic energetic energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it okay you know I mean um like like like like like like like like so you know was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's uh um uh so uh you know so I keep seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you may you you you you you you you you know so uh okay you know like so know and then I see see see see see see see see him and it's like him singing while he's like hanging cling you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay uh okay to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I think yeah, they're at their Christmas I mean okay okay I mean I I I I I I I I mean um uh show. He was like have like a sin a coat on and like like like like like like like like the first you know so okay well like you know like note of of of of of of of of the first song He's already got the mic out of the like you know I I I I I I I I mean I mean well so I mean mics and it has got the mic stand stand stand stand stand stand stand stand up here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content so so so so so so so so so so uh well um well that if you listen to my stuff for free free free free free free free free every single day if you you know I mean you know well well like um listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of of of of of of of of like um so well you know well so content. There's over there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's over there's over there's over there's over there's over there's over there's over over over over over over over over tick like you can listen to me once a day for I mean well well well well well well well well well like like uh like 10 straight years and not have to pay nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing. But guess what happened um okay I mean okay you know I mean so in in in in in in in in those 10 years Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and and and and and and and and high school um okay well I mean um um you know. Then he he he he he he he he went to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then so then then then then then then then then so then so then so then so then so then so then so like I I I I I I I I mean well uh well well he went to the pros and told the coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach. I got I got I got I got I got I got I got I I I I I I I I got to speak after um I mean well I mean uh uh so all all all all all all all all these kids in the hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on on on on on on on on you know like so like you know I mean I mean Instagram. So So So So So So So So when so when so when so when so when so when so when so when they they they they they they they they went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went I mean you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean I mean okay um to the NFL. They took their daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy with them when they became preachers and start a you know well okay um um um um um um um um well you know you know church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's been he's been he's been he's been he's been he's been he's been to to to to to to to to the uh um well okay well uh you know station. The senior the last time time time time time time time time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on sensor uh okay I mean I mean well you you you you you you you you know you know with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with with with with with with with with me today. Got a I mean so okay I mean you know I mean uh special special special special special special special special episode lined up. You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you you you you you you you you guys you guys you guys always appreciate you guys support and I really mean that that that that that that that that I mean um I mean like well I mean like from the bottom of of of of of of of of my heart and I can't say thank you enough on like like I I I I I I I I mean um like well so today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and and and and and and and and Louisville Hall of Famer the wild so like well so you know okay so wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our I mean so so so so so so so so uh I mean well okay I mean app today and get access to thousands of of of of of of of of free book and audio uh well like like you know um okay book summaries on on on on on on on on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um okay you know I mean uh or commuting to work and get get get get get get get get the key insights of books in minutes okay well you know I mean I mean you you you you you you you you know like instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for for for for for for for for free today I mean okay so um um uh you know. Summary of of of of of of of of best job ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick well I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean you know like well read narrated by Jim D Johnston introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction when people ask you what you do so you know um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well for a living do you joyfully say I have the best job job job job job job job job ever? I mean I mean so um okay so um Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo sS wo sS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so so so so so so so so ahead so so so I mean I mean so I mean of my time. You can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't see see see see see see see see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean okay like so is me be stressed everybody. How are you? you you you you you you you Hey, I hey, I hey, I hey, I hey, I hey, I hey, I hey, I I I I I I I I don't even know how uh um okay um you know um um to start. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's nice to be back again. It is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is it is it is it is coming up on spring well you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean time and I'm excited about that because it's going to be be be be be be be be nice warm weather um um uh okay so like so. Sometimes I like to say say say say say say say say that I like cold weather, but I think uh like okay well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I like warm every now and then and there's some big changes changes changes changes changes changes changes changes that are like uh uh well you know well okay coming up for me. I I I I I I I I can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've uh uh well um um um um um um um um I mean well okay just decided not to for quite some time. But once I I I I I I I I do decide to share so uh well you know um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean promise, you'll understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant pregnant pregnant pregnant pregnant pregnant pregnant pregnant don't even well okay you know um like I mean um assume so, but but but but but but but but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little okay well well uh you you you you you you you you know okay okay I guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you so so so so so so so so um you know I mean uh so like who have been following the the the the the the the the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan um okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like um Robert or Bob Keegan. It has it has it has it it it it it it it it has it has it has it has it has a long history of working working working working working working working working in the field of so um uh uh uh like so adult development. And if and and and and and and and and if and if and if and if and if and if and if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening to like well so so so so so so so so well like well you know this show. We do a kind of Action to his work work work work work work work work an overview of the 5 you know okay like so I mean um so so so so so so so so stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the last last last last last last last last 40 you know um I mean um um well uh years. And the and the the the the the the the the and the and the and the and the and the and the reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't I mean um uh you know know know know know know know know um okay well just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for for for for for for for for me but also you know I mean like uh so I mean uh because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for for for for for for for for you well so so uh well you know um. And today and today and today and and and and and and and and today and today and today and today and today I want to talk about about about about about about about about something called as Legacy. Now. What do what do what do what do do do do do do do do what do what do what do what do um um okay um you know so I I I I I I I I mean we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people people people people people people people people like you know well so I mean uh um okay us, you know, when I say say say say say say say say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean people like uh I I I I I I I I mean um so um um well you people like me people who opted to to to to to to to to become a doctor because of a like I mean I mean I mean um like like like like like like like like like sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession profession profession profession profession profession profession profession. And uh you know so um okay I mean you know I'm sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for something which uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so um like uh I mean is a tough profession. We all had had had had had had had had our you know, older brother or brother's um I mean well uh well you you you you you you you you know um friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go go go go go go go go home so uh like um you know well like. We went to talk in in in in in in in in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well so you know um you know TV Todd. Now look the buzz. So So So So So So So So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode this episode this episode was um okay well you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us us us us us us us us tonight, you know like uh like so uh so but we'll see her back back back back back back back back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a so uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean so b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are are are are are are are are up on this um I mean like I mean so uh I mean episode of of of of of of of of Siesta Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so so so so so so so so who so who so who so who so who so who so who okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well uh so many things happened on this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode that we need to unravel, but this episode um um like okay um you know I I I I I I I I mean opened up with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean um I mean so is back in town. He's back he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's back he's back he's back he's back he's back he's back he's back for for for for for for for for a little bit unfortunately has to um okay like so you know you know know know know know know know know um go out to Canada for another few months. I'm about I'm about about about about about about about about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? that that that that that that that well well so well uh uh so You need me to help you relax. Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm I always kept telling you you I mean okay like you know um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's um well um you know so so you know good to be able able able able able able able able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet you you you you you you you you bet you bet you bet you bet you bet you bet you bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right you know know know know know know know know uh like uh well uh I mean it loves and nourishes all things but does not not not not not not not not Lord it over and so well well uh so you know uh when merits are are are are are are are are accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful I mean uh so so so so so so so so um uh well well to welcome you to another episode of the real you a a a a a a a a podcast about um uh like so um okay so finding your true self for strengthening strengthening strengthening strengthening strengthening strengthening strengthening strengthening your mind taking care of your body listening so okay well so so I I I I I I I I mean you know to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My name is Caleb and this your your your your your your your your boy well like um uh um I mean I mean Events will be your guides guides guides guides guides guides guides guides the real you. And today in episode 2 uh so uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well Our intention is going to be helping each other and you are are are are are are are are audience so uh um um uh um uh develop an indomitable mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset by understanding the power of why why is the foundation that I mean uh I I I I I I I I mean um uh you know um will keep you going when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host host host host host host host host Simon Whistler. This so okay you know uh so uh so is the audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want okay um okay like well well well well well well well well uh you know to go look it up there and see the video version of of of of of of of of these you okay um I mean I mean so uh like can do that. If you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts I mean like like like like like like like like okay so well so so or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a a a a a a a a review. It would be kind um well well okay uh well um of you and and and and and and and and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top you know um um um um um um um um um you know um uh so 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at at at at at at at at the top 10 horrifying uh I mean well you know like well okay facts about the American American American American American American American American Mafia. Number 10 number 10 number 10 number 10 number 10 number 10 number number number number number number number number 10 number 10 more than the mafia in America you know like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so well organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination combination combination combination combination combination combination combination like uh you know you know um so I mean of Pop Culture a a a a a a a a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia uh um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so May comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United United United United United United United United States. They are um so well okay so um so far from the only game game game game game game game game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous virtuous you know so uh like like well so friendship is the natural tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the okay you you you you you you you you know well um you know so uh university Catholic. Welcome back to the the the the the the the the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm like so you know uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of of of of of of of of pattern that so uh you know so uh uh so we've had two weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we talked about uh so like like like like like like like like like I mean so okay it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships friendships friendships friendships friendships friendships friendships friendships and next week. We're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're talking we're talking we're talking about a uh I mean okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you have have have have have have have have a joke well so I mean uh okay well like for us, right? That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with well well well well well well well well well uh you know okay um you know your host me Brett and and and and and and and and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning I mean you know like like like like like like like like well well uh like in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into into into into into into into into the who what why uh well well uh um I mean okay when and and and and and and and and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to well I mean um um um um um um um um you know uh well okay me, let me at least help you understand who who who who who who who who I am. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been I've been an RD for I mean uh like well like you know like like like like like like like like about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off at at at at at at at at a so so I mean like like I mean well nursing home from there. I was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was able able able able able able able able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working well uh uh like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, well well well well well well well well like you know you know well okay well which is really where I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to be I was able to sit with people okay well so uh you know know know know know know know know well so for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we we we we we we we we had follow-ups and we were uh you know like you know so well you know know know know know know know know able to see each other for a bit more than five or ten minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes and you know um well so I mean like okay you're working in the clinical setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes uh okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay so in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point because because because because because because because because they've been you know well you know I mean I mean like you you you you you you you you know here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still you're still you're still you're still you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're still you're still you're still you're still we going with it. Hello. It's over over over over over over over over. This is um uh I mean I mean so uh well a podcast. This is is is is is is is is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to well you know you know know know know know know know know um okay you know well co-host a one of us. One of our Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast Coast couldn't make it but I'll let you guys okay I mean I mean like like like like like like like like you know well so to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I I I I I I I I have a question like so okay uh um so uh. What's your question? Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. So you said you had to co-host and one of you know like so well well well well well well well well you know um like them couldn't make it. Yes one of us us us us us us us us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew matthew matthew matthew matthew matthew matthew matthew couldn't matthew couldn't make it so you know well well I mean you you you you you you you you know um so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here here here here here here here here buddy one um so okay like okay so uh just four of us. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes could yes could yes could yes could yes could yes could yes could yes could could could could could could could could cope he co-hosts. Are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you are you are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading um so uh um okay so so and friendship matter for women and how to make make make make make make make make space in our lives for it okay uh like like well okay I I I I I I I I mean. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is is is is is is is is to um well you know so um like okay help women read more and and and and and and and and read well and also to encourage us to make uh well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well you know time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or or or or or or or or join um well you know uh uh you know like a group near you visit while while while while while while while while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors so um so I mean like like like like like like like like like okay of well-read Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're excited so okay okay you know so well you know to delve into some of the the the the the the the the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked so like like well uh um um um um um um um um so okay we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our our our our our our our our members this year okay you know well uh well I mean I I I I I I I I mean and some of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms terms terms terms terms terms terms terms meaning when uh um I mean so uh um like women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and and and and and and and and bhavana you know like uh um I mean okay well. We're both juniors in college college college college college college college college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up okay I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um uh as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean so so okay um. We still have our own take on on on on on on on on every situation and we're here coming at you so like you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um live from poojas basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you you you you you you you you not live so you know so um like okay well from pooches basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy well okay well well well well well well well well well um you know okay this episode of tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome I mean okay like uh I mean so um to to to to to to to to our third episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so uh I mean um so talking about the necessity of romantic relationships in in in in in in in in college. The reason I want I mean so uh so so um I mean to do do do do do do do do this particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had um like like like like like like like like I mean like so um well a had a dream where I was doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first like well well well well well well well well uh okay well um well episode in a series is one that I consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider really foundational as you know, well okay um well well so I mean my goal with pondering pondering pondering pondering pondering pondering pondering pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like well well uh them to better understand the complexities that drive us us us us us us us us the gifts and the challenges the joys and so okay um uh um um um um um um um um well uh the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated environment. Ain't there like uh well okay so like I mean was a time time time time time time time time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from growing up I I I I I I I I mean you know uh um you know um so between worlds and of the push and pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull of the happy and the hard then um well um I mean uh um you know know know know know know know know I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I was in ninth ninth ninth ninth ninth ninth ninth ninth you know I mean well like um I mean uh grade, and I quickly came to realize realize realize realize realize realize realize realize that those indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able well like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well um to put a finger on we're not just in me my friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are are are are are are are are breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The The The The The The The The knowledge okay uh well okay I mean like like is focused on helping you change change change change change change change change your life in four key areas retaining the information you know uh uh you know well um um um um um um um um well that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of and of and of of of of of of of of and of and of and of and of and of course re attracting your I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean I mean I mean I mean so eggs available now now now now now now now now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth I mean um okay like like like like like like like like uh so uh. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about about about about about about about about am I dating okay okay so um okay you know uh an avoidant? Okay, so so so so so so so so I know there are lots of new people that discover my okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh you know I mean you know channel every day and every week week week week week week week week and so the information can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee so I mean okay I mean like so um of the - Lee's we are are are are are are are are on a high right now. We just filmed uh like like you know I I I I I I I I mean um like one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Ralphie Ralphie Ralphie Ralphie Ralphie Ralphie Ralphie Jacobs from taking okay so I mean like like so uh from taking sides from from from from from from from from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So that's like well well well well well well well well like I mean okay uh I mean going to be on big little life right right right right right right right right now. We have all of your emails. We're uh so so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know just going to go through them answer them with our our our our our our our our heart. I'm really trying to answer you know uh okay I mean well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh these well for you guys down and I are just two normal people. Or Or Or Or Or Or Or Or and we like well well uh um well well have our own struggles. So So So So So So So So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so we're just going to tell you what we would hope um well um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay that we would do in these situations. We would we would would would would would would would would we would we would we would we would we would we would hope that we would would would would would would would would do you know uh well you know okay like I mean and will also also also also also also also also tell you what we have done which was probably what we hoped. We We We We We We We We uh we uh we uh we uh we uh we uh we uh we we we we we we we we uh well okay um like like I mean wouldn't do combined with some things. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've learned in marriage therapy and books and so so so uh so so um um um um um um um um all that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started by do it so so so so so so so so okay I mean um like so okay looks of mine with the stuff from from from from from from from from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand brand brand brand brand brand brand brand you know um okay uh I mean okay uh new episode next week. But if if if if if if if if you need something to tide you over until then there's so uh uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters and and and and and and and and it's you know like so okay so I mean you know one one one one one one one one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist you you you you you you you you know I mean um like you know I mean I mean for the Boston Globe Globe Globe Globe Globe Globe Globe Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated question about you know so so so so so so so so um okay uh I mean okay relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with with with with with with with with the same question in the episode? You're about you know well okay um you know know know know know know know know uh you know to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to figure out how um so well uh okay I mean well to introduce her her her her her her her her young daughter to a new person. She's dating she's dating she's dating she's dating she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's dating she's dating she's dating she's dating if you liked this episode, you I mean like so so so so so so so so um so um like can hear every episode of Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc well so um I mean you know so so treasury research and strategy. I I I I I I I I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well like uh a regular basis. Now, let us start for today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's session the FX Market cannot I mean uh okay like you know like I I I I I I I I mean escape from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a a a a a a a a round I mean uh you know well you know I mean well to hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After the after the after the after the the the the the the the the after the after the after the after the covid-19 situation spread Beyond you you you you you you you you know well I mean well uh well uh China into different parts of the world world world world world world world world. If you look at our effect sentiment index I mean so you know um so like like like like like like like like like it now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how how how how how how how how risk so well I mean okay okay I mean okay sentiment has evolved to to to to to to to to the current situation. Number one. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is this is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in in in in in in in in and um I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean well you're hearing hearing hearing hearing hearing hearing hearing hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out there. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's I today's I today's I today's I today's I today's I today's I today's I I I I I I I I mean okay well so so I mean I mean Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will will will will will will will will be the fifth. So I look forward to my first okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like well uh podcast. My first my first my first my first my first first first first first first first first my first my first my first guest is going to be my home gym ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball good dude, okay okay um uh uh uh you know old-school graffiti artist from from from from from from from from the streets to kind of group grew up a lot about them, but I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean well I mean you know um I will definitely hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so let's get well uh well well you know know know know know know know know you know um this together and do it. All right, if you're listening, listening, listening, listening, listening, listening, listening, listening, thank you for tuning in. This well this well this well this well this this this this this this this this well this well this well this well you know well like so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is the first show of the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring season well well well well well well well well so I mean well like uh well one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm just just just just just just just just fucking a guest. Well, that's my you know um so well okay um I I I I I I I I mean guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host like like well well well well well well well well um you know well um and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite meme stir. Let's I mean so you know well okay so you know be be be be be be be be real what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk let's talk let's talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk about funny. It's um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well um uh let's talk to the best in the industry. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's ask him some stuff. See uh so um well like I mean well what makes them them them them them them them them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is like you you you you you you you you know uh I mean so I mean I mean going to take you back back back back back back back back to school. So take out a pen and paper take like okay okay well well well well well well well well okay I mean um some notes because I had the dopest and most insightful insightful insightful insightful insightful insightful insightful insightful conversation with door-to-door solar like okay uh um well I mean I mean Savage. Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas Fellas and ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um I mean you know like. Short story they kind of of of of of of of of lost. She took she took she took she took she took she took she took she took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay you know uh you know okay on the outside. I was successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a well I mean well you know well well well well well well well well so uh self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions decisions that I like you know so like um you know okay didn't make because of of of of of of of of my fear was all because of this 18 months you know I mean I I I I I I I I mean so okay I mean so of my life. Welcome everyone. My name is is is is is is is is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to you know uh uh like like you know know know know know know know know like the finding perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation with okay uh uh uh um I mean I mean the intent of of of of of of of of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay okay uh okay thinking and of course New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only and and and and and and and and so uh I mean you know so like I mean should not be relied upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions you know well so uh like okay you you you you you you you you know expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily reflect the I mean so like so uh so you know opinions of RCM Alternatives Alternatives Alternatives Alternatives Alternatives Alternatives Alternatives Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry okay well you know so I I I I I I I I mean like I mean regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade recommendations nor um uh um okay you know like you know reference pass their their their their their their their their potential. Pets and pets and pets and pets and pets and pets and and and and and and and and pets and pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading you know um um um um um um um um okay uh you know you know I mean and other alternative Investments are complex and and and and and and and and carry a risk of substantial losses as such like okay well um uh um I I I I I I I I mean they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Alternatives I mean well like like like like okay where we dive into what what what what what what what what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze go analyze go analyze go analyze go analyze go go go go go go go go analyze go analyze go analyze the strategies of unique hedge uh I mean okay you you you you you you you you know uh like I mean fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across across across across across across across across the investment World. Alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha alpha is alpha is alpha is so you know like um you know um um a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the so so so so so so so so like so I mean okay so um pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the the the the the the the the past Chief Operating Officer of uh you know uh well uh I mean well Haven Haven Haven Haven Haven Haven Haven Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is to capture capture capture capture capture capture capture capture um okay like so well um well the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders and others across the Healthcare Community so okay um okay okay okay uh. We are are are are are are are are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques is a senior operating operating operating operating operating operating operating operating leader with over okay okay you know okay you know like okay two decades decades decades decades decades decades decades decades of experience applying technology data science people and design thinking seeking to improve like okay like like like like like like like like well okay you know so the Healthcare System. You have had an impressive career transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer me healthcare companies. Can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can you can you can you well okay okay like like uh um give us us us us us us us us a brief summary of your career path today? And what were the key okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well so uh well well career Transitions and decisions you made along along along along along along along along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is is is is is is is is all so you know well uh uh like okay about life and all things that comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes with it. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is a safe I mean I mean like like well I mean you you you you you you you you know space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join join join join join join join join like okay um you know I mean you know like me in rediscovered life complexities complexities complexities complexities complexities complexities complexities complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to love gold and so so you know know know know know know know know okay well okay you know freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will will will will will will will will be all about all kinds like like you know well well so well of love love love love love love love love. The love the love the love the love the love the love the love love love love love love love love the love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love we we we we we we we we uh so so okay okay well I mean have for friends and the love love love love love love love love we have for a significant other and all well well well uh okay um um um um um um um um um the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything well like like like like like like like like um you know well so well from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to to to to to to to to be and you would also okay I mean you know I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a a a a a a a a well okay well well like okay uh physical state to your Total emotional state because because because because because because because because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is is is is is is is is the word um like uh um like so um tantamount spelled ta n ta M M M M M M M M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent well so um like you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry angry angry angry angry angry angry angry speech was tantamount so uh okay you know you know like you know to a declaration of of of of of of of of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term. ERM translating as well um um um um um um um um well so well uh I mean to amount to as much tantamount is not not not not not not not not to be confused with the similar sounding well well uh um uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are impact supreme or preeminent preeminent preeminent preeminent preeminent preeminent preeminent preeminent as like uh uh you know I mean like you know in she made a a a a a a a a point of Paramount significance. However, both however, both however, both however, both however, both however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, both however, both however, both tantamount and Paramount can okay um okay well so well I I I I I I I I mean be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode you know well okay okay okay um uh of the UFC New Era chat pod cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast we're going to have some okay like okay um well uh like chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's uh uh so I mean uh you know uh going down soon. You know what what what what what what what what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I um you know okay like like like like like like like like like like uh got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go go go go go go go go ahead and just mention you know I mean well okay okay uh uh yourselves real real real real real real real real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a Garret Garret Garret Garret Garret Garret Garret Garret okay I mean I mean um well well well everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage MMA AKA so uh well like okay um I I I I I I I I mean Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um um like you know well of the heart of it is to to to to to to to to test their daring and their bravery. They're I mean like okay you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um not going to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their their their their their their their their wit's um you know so um I mean I mean uh This is one of the the the the the the the the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like uh you know well woke up on Sunday morning. It took it took took took took took took took took it took it took it took it took it took it took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I I I I I I I I like um um um okay well okay made a post the other day about the the the the the the the the you know, I even made so so I mean um uh okay uh a a a a a a a a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so well uh I mean maybe but about you know, your gym not being the the the the the the the the best our today, you know, okay well like well so uh um I think it it it it it it it it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made you know know know know know know know know you know well um like well like this Instagram post and I dropped it in in in in in in in in a couple of Philly at owners I mean well like uh um you know you you you you you you you you know groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed and well okay so I mean so I mean like one individual this Rob he he he he he he he he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like okay uh okay apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he he he he he he he he shot me a DM and like you know I mean you know okay uh like like like like like like like like you just like bro. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is you you you you you you you you know um okay um so um I mean pointless. I don't get it. You should should should should should should should should strive to do both like and he okay um like I mean okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh just didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me like um um um um um um um um you know well uh like well and show me a DM and I do what what what what what what what what I typically do when I uh you know uh well um I mean okay hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit him with an audio message and explain my position and you know well uh like like like like like like like like well you know um so next thing, you know, we're back and forth with a a a a a a a a few audio messages and the guy, like so you know uh okay so so you you you you you you you you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going going going going going going going going well you know okay okay um so I mean to find him. I I I I I I I I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll be like uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay um a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick aquick aquick aquick aquick aquick aquick aquick word about my sponsor anchor if if if if if if if if you've ever thought about creating your own you know okay um you you you you you you you you know like uh uh podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor use use use use use use use use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor anchor is is is is is is is is your One Stop Shop well you know um I mean I mean I mean um um um um um um um um for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know well you know like I mean podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or your computer. It also distributes your podcast um well you know okay um um um um um um um um um I mean to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an an an an an an an an opportunity to monetize um uh okay um well uh uh your podcast. So if podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast or something you're looking to get into download the you know you know know know know know know know know uh you know you know okay um free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m It started. Hey, welcome so so like like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh back. So been a couple days since I did my last podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast as well like well uh uh you know you know well as my last, last, last, last, last, last, last, last, you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay okay okay the things kind of surrounding that that's you know, this this this this this this this this this this podcast uh you know I mean okay so um like this YouTube channel could almost be be be be be be be be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay like way since you know, January 21st, when I kind of first started started started started started started started started talking about it um uh you know uh like so you know and and and and and and and and so and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard beard beard beard beard beard beard beard care and you know I mean you know like so um um much much much much much much much much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted to to to to to to to to uh well like so um you know so inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday acts of life and to promote prayer meditation so so uh okay like like you you you you you you you you know on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order order order order order order order order use promotional like well um well you know I mean okay code Rua at checkout. And And And And And And And And please check out the link in the show notes like uh okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this this this this this this this this Lent we can't you know uh like okay I mean you know okay recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on well like like like like like like like like uh uh um uh okay the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and and and and and and and and at your own pace and I mean uh um um like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers and 19. Total I mean um like you know so uh uh talks each talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if hello, if hello, if hello, if hello, if hello, if hello, if if if if if if if if hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make make make make make make make make you know well you know I mean uh so I mean podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is a creation you know know know know know know know know um okay like you know you know I mean tool that allow you to record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone so uh um like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can can can can can be I mean so you know so I mean okay um heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily make money uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like you know okay so with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you you you you you you you you need in one place. Thank um I mean well well uh um um you. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking of um you you you you you you you you know you know you know well um okay funding their new adventure one one one one one one one one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and uh so like uh you know know know know know know know know okay so raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch even I mean um you know I mean like I mean um one episode of of of of of of of of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you however, you you you you you you you you however, you however, you however, you however, you however, you however, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife okay okay so I mean so uh okay show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene Irene Irene Irene Irene Irene Irene Irene. I have I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have I have nobody on this podcast and like I mean uh um okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay there's a good reason for it. I also I also I also I also I I I I I I I I also I also I also I also just want to say if the sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound quality well I mean you know so you know like okay sound slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and uh so so so so so so so so so like like uh uh that is because I am currently in the middle middle middle middle middle middle middle middle of moving so I have packed my so like so so um like like whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the middle middle middle middle middle middle middle middle well uh uh you know well well okay of a hotel because I also started started started started started started started started a new job last week. And yeah, I mean you know so uh like I I I I I I I I mean you know it's all decided to come at once. But the but but but but but but but but the but the but the but the but the but the but the reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason I actually chose to do this um uh um um I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that I want to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well well like okay uh talk to you about just from my own own own own own own own own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, you know well you know so well well well well well well well well well um obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council for so so uh so well uh you know more information about the British British British British British British British British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean I mean so Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to to to to to to to to the language assistance podcast this so so well uh you know you know like episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know so like like uh Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna Anna Anna Anna Anna Anna Anna Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council I mean okay like you know like okay um um um um um um um um colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all all all all all all all all linked to well like I mean you know uh so uh the language assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh okay uh on the team. So to start with can you all introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourselves where your base well so I mean okay uh like you know know know know know know know know and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based based based based based based based based you know you know well I mean well uh you know in London and I I I I I I I I work on the language assistance team. And I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um so uh you know uh on patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy to report that my podcast is now hosted well so so uh uh so so so so so so so so so on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts you you you you you you you you know um you know you know you know so uh. Let me explain first off it's free, free, free, free, free, free, free, free, and there's our creation tool that allows you so you know okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or computer anchor will like you know uh well you know I mean well distribute your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple well okay okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to start start start start start start start start monetizing your um well uh okay well okay I mean podcast anchor Make it it it it it it it it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so like like um in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the the the the the the the the free anchor app I mean okay okay um you know so I mean or go to to to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez okay so okay uh like I mean okay for the on the gun line podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo you know so so I mean okay I I I I I I I I mean uh for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all check y'all check y'all check y'all check y'all check y'all check y'all check it out out out out out out out out. I okay so okay uh like um like fucked up this morning. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have enough time to do it our I mean um I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well at night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change change change change change change change change so I don't so like like like uh you know you know have enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough time to do it in the morning. Like I like I like I like like like like like like like like I like I like I like I like I used to I mean well like like like like like like like like you know I mean I mean uh kind of ran out of time. So So So So So So So So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch so okay um like I mean you know know know know know know know know I mean break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every every every every every every every every night and you know so well so you know like well I'm answering the phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about 2/3 like uh uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital Capital maintenance and what um um like well so well well it is is it is is is is is is is is the situation where if you buy an existing you know you know so so so so so so so so uh uh well so property you buy it today and then in 10 years it it it it it it it it requires a new you know like um well you know I mean I mean row row row row row row row row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know you know I mean okay okay or rewiring the house house house house house house house house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily you know like well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs to happen if every well well okay uh I mean so I mean couple of of of of of of of of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is is is is is is is is actually um okay like um I mean well you know a concept that has been brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are are are are are are are are uh uh I mean you know so okay well back it is nearly 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is you know you know I I I I I I I I mean uh you know you know um not on account of laziness that is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually on account of the fact that I mean um so I mean so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now now now now now now now now sweet okay um like I mean uh um well bear and I we are are are are are are are are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming like like like um you you you you you you you you know uh you know down here to meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one one one one one one one one of our good so you know you know like I mean like so so so so so so so so friends. It's her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of of of of of of of of Thursday uh well uh okay you know you know well and some of Friday off off off off off off off off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so uh I mean uh um um um um um um um um like okay uh today was like my big day to kind of get ahead on on on on on on on on everything so that uh well well okay okay um I mean I can unplug unplug unplug unplug unplug unplug unplug unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well well uh uh you know friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited I mean you know uh uh okay so okay to finally finally launched this this this this this this this this podcast. This has been something in the making for well uh so you know know know know know know know know so so like years. I have truly wanted to do this. God has put put put put put put put put it down in my okay uh um like you know like you know spirit to to to to to to to to do it. But to but to but to but to but to but to to to to to to to to but to but to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups breakups breakups breakups breakups breakups breakups breakups are breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series okay well so so so so so so so so uh okay okay I mean. The knowledge the knowledge the knowledge the knowledge the the the the the the the the knowledge the knowledge the knowledge the knowledge is focused on helping you change change change change change change change change your life in four key uh I mean you know uh um you know know know know know know know know um areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of of of of of of of of course I mean well I mean like like like okay re attracting your eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh uh you know you know Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be be be be be be be be talking about soul mates. So some of so um um um you know I I I I I I I I mean you know you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some some some some some some some some of you well um like like um um you know guys have this this this this this this this this idea of like a twin flame some of you don't but today um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean like um um we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret Margaret Margaret Margaret Margaret Margaret Margaret Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 and so so so so so so so so okay um like uh I mean um this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief debrief debrief debrief debrief debrief debrief debrief. And then we're so like you know you know I mean I mean well going going going going going going going going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I so so so so so so so so you know so so uh I mean so hope you guys are doing well well well well well well well well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are like you know um I I I I I I I I mean okay you know okay just moments before coming into my garage to record record record record record record record record this for y'all. I was I mean okay I mean well so I mean you you you you you you you you know out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so so so so so so so so feels so feels so feels so feels so feels so feels so feels so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so you know I mean you know good and it's actually kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so so like today. So I'm getting out in front of myself, myself, myself, myself, myself, myself, myself, myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best like um okay you know know know know know know know know okay you know I mean right after the winter time. Right? Like right when when when when when when when when you've endured like those freezing I mean well so so so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs runs runs runs runs runs runs runs. They're um they're um they're um they're um they're um they're um they're um they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're um okay um um well um okay just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course course course course course course course course so like okay well I mean well like you do. That's why you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own horror okay you know you know well well well well well well well well you know I mean so podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into into into into into into into into the world. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a there's a there's a so I mean I mean okay you know so you know new new new new new new new new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a like okay okay okay I mean um I mean podcast and it's totally free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need well well I mean well you you you you you you you you know like well to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and and and and and and and and like like so um like so um even better Anchor will Distribute that that that that that that that that podcast for you that way it gets on Apple you know I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a well okay I mean okay you know um so so so so so so so so podcast all in one place. So what so what so what so what so so so so so so so so what so what so what so what are you waiting for download download download download download download download download the uh okay um okay um well like free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh I mean you know like uh for the next 20 minutes. I'm going going going going going going going going to need you to sit down and buckle up like uh like so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to well so like I mean okay um so the inaugural episode of break the the the the the the the the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're I mean like well uh um like like like like like like like like well going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh I mean um uh well candidates are falling in line because they're wussies wussies wussies wussies wussies wussies wussies wussies after that. I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought I thought it was Right you know okay uh so I mean well uh that that that that that that that that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, um um um um um um um um um like you know well well you know we're going to end talking about super super super super super super super super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all uh you know so like like like like like like like like like uh like just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever anything that you you know so okay like um well I mean want to to to to to to to to hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are are are are are are are are you? you know you know you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know you know you know okay you know like like so so All All All All All All All All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um I mean so uh like good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But But But But But But But But actually but actually but actually but actually but actually but actually but actually but actually I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to schedule this episode I mean so like so I mean well um um um um um um um um. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out later because because because because because because because because I you know uh uh so um well uh will be traveling back to Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before then you'll okay I mean well so so so so so so so so uh okay so remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I I I I I I I I still am when I'm um uh well um um uh you know recording this and and and and and and and and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll be listening you know so so so so so so so so uh so okay okay um to this while I'll be probably be on an an an an an an an an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and well I I I I I I I I mean so okay okay I mean okay environment trees trees and trees life nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so you know you know like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um on Essentials biodiversity. Those are those are those are those are those those those those those those those those are those are those are those are what some people think about Forest, but do do do do do do do do we you know okay well so okay okay okay really know about it? You You You You You You You You are now listening to let's talk trees with so um I mean uh like well well well well well well well well okay me and get your hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C like like like like like like like like you know uh like uh I mean you know for Annie graph. When we hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear the word science, we often think about equations and um I mean okay so so so so so so so so you know I mean you know a technical approach to problem solving this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking I mean so uh uh so so so so so so so so so I mean at the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life life life life life life life life experience and communities like okay okay um okay okay so we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one one one one one one one one place well I mean like okay okay um well suddenly a sound like the the the the the the the the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and well so um like okay so uh filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be be be be be be be be tongues uh uh I mean so well you know okay of fire that separated and came came came came came came came came to rest on each of them. All of so well well like like so um um um um um um um um them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well you know you know okay okay as the spirit enabled them. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now there now there now there now there now there now there now there now now now now now now now now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by uh um um um um um um um um I mean um I mean you know well surprise when I found out that they did did did did did did did did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like um so like um okay okay uh I always always always always always always always always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder I mean well um um um um um um um um well so okay so exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready for it. Dude you know I mean um okay so okay well. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was so so so so so so so so I mean you know like uh like well like, oh, no, would you fuck me me me me me me me me up with two of those famous like you know okay um I mean okay well bowls bowls bowls bowls bowls bowls bowls bowls amount of times. You've guys you've guys you've guys you've guys you've guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys you've guys you've guys you've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with I I I I I I I I mean well okay so okay uh like that shit and guess what? I I I I I I I I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it you know so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean you know was french fries. They are they are they they they they they they they they are they are they are they are they are they are serving friend you Iris Iris Iris Iris Iris Iris Iris Iris deceitful your mama reason people and uh I mean um okay well I I I I I I I I mean um I don't appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's very fitting so uh you know well I mean so I mean we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth I youth I youth I youth I youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth I youth I youth I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay so I mean is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House uh I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know like uh I mean and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries to see you grow uh okay well okay so um well in your your your your your your your your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember well I I I I I I I I mean well you know okay uh okay your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the the the the the the the the blessing of submission today will be like I mean you know I mean um like you you you you you you you you know reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora Cora Cora Cora Cora Cora Cora Cora here well um so so uh uh um. Now you sons of Levi it it it it it it it it is a small thing to you that the god I mean like like like like like like like like well I mean uh okay so of Israel has separated you from the congregation of of of of of of of of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind behind behind behind behind behind behind behind on you know uh um I mean I mean okay okay their retirement savings savings savings savings savings savings savings savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest you know I I I I I I I I mean well so uh uh you know enough to become financially independent. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here to show you through my own experience well so you know you know know know know know know know know so well I mean exactly how you can get on the path to to to to to to to to financial Independence and reach retirement okay like you know uh so you know uh on or or or or or or or or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and so uh um um um um um um um um you know uh you know um I have been married for nine years had three three three three three three three three boys and earn four degrees combined with so um so okay okay you know like like like like like like like like no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over a a a a a a a a hundred and you know uh um well I mean uh so thirty thousand dollars a a a a a a a a year. We both we both we both we both we both we both we both we we we we we we we we both want to invite you to fire the family.com where we I mean um um um um um um um um uh well uh well uh have free tools and resources that you can use to to to to to to to to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where well so so so so so so so so uh so I mean you know um ideas come from. I'm Ben I'm Ben Ben Ben Ben Ben Ben Ben Ben I'm Ben I'm Ben I'm Ben I'm Ben I'm Ben I'm Ben Pereira and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a strategist at cnx um you know you know like I mean so I I I I I I I I mean. The creative the creative the creative the creative the creative the creative the creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative the creative agency accounting Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in in in in in in in in advertising like I mean like um I mean I mean you know media publishing technology technology technology technology technology technology technology technology education and more the ideation process can be a little bit of well okay well well well well well well well well uh so okay well a black box to those of us who aren't designated designated designated designated designated designated designated designated creatives in organizations. We hope these you know you know like you know know know know know know know know uh well I mean conversations can shed some light on that as work becomes more more more more more more more more D industrialized and more so you know so like you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative as part part part part part part part part of uh um I mean like so you know I mean our jobs. Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate like you know like like like like like like like like you know um so like constraints and still managed to be consistently creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative the rest of us can learn how to tap um you know so so so so so so so so I mean okay I mean well into our own creative sides the idea for doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing a podcast about ideas came I mean okay okay like so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You You You You You You You You are you know um so like okay um okay of course listening in in in in in in in in with the big man the force and I'm so glad well I mean so so so so so so so so I mean like um uh to finally I feel like I tell you what, I I I I I I I I feel like the flow from you know so okay uh like I mean so so so so so so so so What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught you you you you you you you you know well uh um so uh so the white whale and I finally got every in in in in in in in in the in the podcast with okay uh you know so um okay like us us us us us us us us. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How many so like well well well well well well well well like okay you know you know times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, it's hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more more more more more more voices in so well uh you know well um um the church talking about about about about about about about about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the Traditions I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh well you know passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding before our eyes um like okay well well so so. There are a lot of of of of of of of of ways to get involved and an easy one is like uh well uh um you know so so so so so so so so to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform you know like you know like you know okay I mean. If you if you if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast okay so um like well uh well well well well well well well well. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record and well I mean okay so uh like um edit your podcast right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast you know um well well well well well well well well well uh I mean okay for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more okay so so like so um you know you can actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything well um um um um um um um um uh I mean uh well okay you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one convenient location. So if you're interested download the you know you know uh I I I I I I I I mean okay um well free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want okay uh I I I I I I I I mean uh um I mean well to take a moment to thank everyone for for for for for for for for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having like like okay um um um um um um um um um okay uh a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth out uh okay uh I mean so uh you know there to debunk some myths myths myths myths myths myths myths myths to give some guidance to first timers or well I mean well like um um you you you you you you you you know those who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea I mean um well you know um like well on how to handle things things things things things things things things. And simply to make it an easier process for you um okay uh like I I I I I I I I mean you know you know. Today is going to be a little bit more detailed not not not not not not not not scientific, but just laying I mean you know well uh so well you know some some some some some some some some truth out there for you to give it some thought as you enter uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so uh you know so uh a diet or if you are in in in in in in in in the middle of a diet or even a contest uh like well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the the the the the the the the you know okay well you know okay so I mean easiest way to make a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free I mean I mean okay well like like like like like like like like um so. It's free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on on on on on on on on there's creation uh okay you know I mean I mean you know I I I I I I I I mean tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your phone okay I mean okay like you know um I mean or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on you know you you you you you you you you know well uh well you know you know Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast like well I mean you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like is on. I've never heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from from from from from from from from your uh I mean you know you know you know okay I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in you know okay you know okay you know like so one place. I get get get get get get get get asked a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know well um. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor download the free anchor app or go um you know okay um you know um um um um um um um um uh to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started today. The following the the the the the the the the following the following the following the following the following the following the following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The True True True True True True True True so you know uh I mean well so I mean Crime cases that that that that that that that that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks I mean okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh um for joining us. We can't wait to share the details of of of of of of of of this wild episode with you know you know I mean well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before so before so before so before before before before before before before before so before so before so before so before we get started today, I like you you you you you you you you know like so so well like wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, well well well well well well well well like you know um so like like there's many things but one of the one of of of of of of of of them that bothers me that the well okay like well so so okay kids do do do do do do do do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us well uh I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh like like in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're supposed to sit on a couch so uh so so so I mean um um um um um um um um not walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance you you you you you you you you know um I mean you know um um so on it. Do not do do do do do do do do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it. So uh uh well well well well well well well well I mean okay so well when you catch them doing it because they know they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're not supposed to but they well uh well like um you know you know just just just just just just just just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, so so so so so so so so so okay so like um uh but when you catch them, I have a tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency to overdo it. I'll tell I'll tell I'll tell I'll tell I'll tell I'll tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell I'll tell I'll tell I mean like uh like well so uh them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was like um like um well so like by your boy Mac. Now you now now now now now now now now you now you now you now you now you now you now you doing everybody? everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody you know I mean so you know so so so so so so so so um well for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You You You You You You You You understand we shared okay well uh I mean I mean you know uh everybody out out out out out out out out there. You already you already you already you already you already you already already already already already already already already you already you already know man, you're we just out here trying to so so so so so so so so uh like you know okay so well teach people knowledge and wake them up on on on on on on on on the deception. You already know you know like so well well okay um. No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, we no, we no, we no, we no, we no, we no, we we we we we we we we no, we have a few subject we go get into today and talk about it it it it it it it it like uh I mean I mean so like well discussion. You know, first we we we we we we we we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they you know so uh you know know know know know know know know uh uh so got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just not too long uh uh so uh uh uh like ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host development so so so so so so so so um you know so okay uh you know Ronnie. I am the founder founder founder founder founder founder founder founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated to like uh like like like like like like like like okay um uh well empowering women through legal education. Thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for joining me me me me me me me me for the first ever I mean okay okay uh um uh um episode of of of of of of of of sisters and conversation. I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have I have I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo. She's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay okay uh a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from from from from from from from from a boutique investment uh so you know uh you know um okay and Alton see see see see see see see see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day you know um um um um um um um um okay um uh okay uh duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts contracts contracts contracts contracts contracts contracts contracts as well as attending to any uh well um okay okay um well legal governance governance governance governance governance governance governance governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was um um um um um um um um well like so so well like done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your we're your your your your your your your your we're your we're your we're your we're your we're your we're your hosts I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay uh you know you know um. I'm Abby and I'm Erica Erica Erica Erica Erica Erica Erica Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The I mean um you know you you you you you you you you know I mean well well Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw so so so so so so so so throw so throw so throw so throw so throw so throw so throw back a shot of of of of of of of of espresso like you know like I mean I mean you know so and let's Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive In. Dorothy James dorothy James dorothy James dorothy James dorothy James dorothy James dorothy dorothy dorothy dorothy dorothy dorothy dorothy dorothy James dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in well like okay so so so so so so so so um so like California at Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our our our our our our our our story like um um well uh I mean um in 1980. Dorothy is 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is okay like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like I mean not in the picture and he actually lives in Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we we we we we we we we ask like you know so you know I mean well like all our guest speakers. So number number number number number number number number one, what are three words that you would use uh you know uh okay you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean to describe yourself three and I have to just just just just just just just just narrow it down to three strategic so I mean uh I mean uh you know know know know know know know know um organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad joke I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to I mean okay I mean I mean I mean like I mean respond by by by by by by by by saying no, I can't see what happens if I responded that way but uh well well well well well well well well I mean you know uh well you know here's my try. So why did the dad dad dad dad dad dad dad dad know that? His baby daughter would so so I mean uh you know so so so so so so so so so be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried. And what is you you you you you you you you know uh well I mean so like I mean one random thing that you you you you you you you you wish more people knew that almost anything is possible um I mean um like like uh so. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you like like like like like like like like you know okay I mean uh okay uh guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite well um you know you know you you you you you you you you know like um artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium account necessary Spotify has so you know okay you know well you know know know know know know know know so a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to to to to to to to to right you know I mean so uh I mean so uh now and you can follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode so uh um uh well you know know know know know know know know well you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you you you you you you you you like I mean so okay uh like uh are a premium user you can can can can can can can can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you I mean okay like you you you you you you you you know you know um so are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download download download download download download download download the Spotify uh uh um I mean so well so app search for optimal relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um um I mean give us a follow. So you never miss an episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode speaking of which like um like like so okay like let's see what we've got on on on on on on on on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships like you know like like like like like like like like like like you know okay daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot well well well well well well well well so so okay like I mean like of them out there. But me I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head well you know well um so so so so so so so so you know okay. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would would would would would would would would be liquid swords okay um I mean okay you know I mean well from from from from from from from from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am your your your your your your your your host I mean so well you know well so I mean old head. Once again again again again again again again again. Thank you for joining. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh uh so well each week. We invite a guest to sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing okay like well um I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like so um um like safety and housing to the harbor. It's time time time time time time time time to put the mare in the hot uh you know um you know so um like like like like like like like like seat. My name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name my name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean okay uh of the west of England. My name is Simon white white white white white white white white. I'm studying media and journalism so uh like uh okay so you know at you as as as as as as as as well. And I'm in the second year. What is uh so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um uh the impact of the withdrawal from the EU on on on on on on on on the student population? Well, I you know so well uh uh you know uh understand from from from from from from from from what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay uh so so for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think think think think think think think think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out like like I mean so like like like like like like like like okay well and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven. I'm so you know um uh so I mean well a certified trauma recovery and and and and and and and and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope and you know well well well well well well well well okay okay like well well Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing um so um uh so like so with with with with with with with with you a conversation. I had I had I had I had I had I had had had had had had had had I had I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships like I mean so okay like okay well and when we're in relationships with partners, and and and and and and and and we really want them to understand what okay okay well um well you know uh we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma like like like like like like like like like okay uh like okay well and the sea. Comes of comes of comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes of comes of comes of comes of comes of comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well um okay okay us off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's Kim's Kim's Kim's Kim's Kim's Kim's Kim's calendar. So before we you know like um I mean okay uh you you you you you you you you know move on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe we should like um like uh okay okay so talk about mu n that that that that that that that that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I you I you I you you you you you you you you I you I you I you I you I you know okay you know uh okay well well well well well well well well okay know you were I thought you want to tell us a bit about about about about about about about about us I mean well you know like I mean so uh. Oh, yeah, so there there there there there there there there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean you know for two days. Days, Friday days, Friday days, Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday days, Friday days, Friday days, Friday days, Friday days, Friday the 28th and and and and and and and and Saturday the 29th, and it was very okay so uh um okay okay well successful and and and and and and and and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing standing standing standing standing standing standing standing um you know you know like you know I mean um delegates and they they they they they they they they also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I so so so so so so so so I mean I mean okay uh you know so was very great at such a a a a a a a a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It well well you know uh you know um um um um um um um um well was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my name my name my name is Lindsey Devon. I am I am I am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am professor emeritus I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean well okay uh uh of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences Sciences Sciences Sciences Sciences Sciences Sciences Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston um so uh I mean well well well well well well well well okay well. I also I also I also I also I also I also I I I I I I I I also I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of of of of of of of of clinical Pharmacy uh um well like uh so uh. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan Megan Megan Megan Megan Megan Megan Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all um like so uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency emergency medicine um well okay okay well okay well clinical pharmacists at Loyola University University University University University University University University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh like so of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that that that that that that that that you know like well like I mean well you know I have. Um, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean like um good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, marzipan, marzipan, marzipan, marzipan, marzipan, marzipan, marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you know, um I mean so well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because because because because because because because because I had to well so like uh you know um like ask you a question question question question question question question question about leap year. What did you ask me to remember? uh okay okay well you you you you you you you you know um uh We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the the the the the the the the kid whose dad his I mean well I mean so um well you know know know know know know know know birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only like like like like like like like like like I mean uh so you know so like 14 or whatever. I literally never never never never never never never never thought of that once that's interesting and it's like I mean uh well you you you you you you you you know well you know whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you you you you you you you you are never thought wow well okay I mean like uh like so could've fooled me me me me me me me me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today. That's uh you know um um um um um um um um like uh like I mean so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really really really really really really really really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I I I I I I I I thought okay um so uh I mean um well you were leaving for the night night night night night night night night. I know I'd stick around a little like like um okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um bit. I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay I mean you know um here. Yeah, I guess we'll guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess we can use it like well as well you know you know so I mean so I I I I I I I I mean well we got a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, anyways, yeah, anyways, yeah, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, yeah, anyways, yeah, anyways, yeah, anyways, yeah, anyways, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's the name of this okay like you know well um well uh podcast again? again again again again again again again Just the tea podcast just to see what we do on this this this this this this this this thing. Just talk uh well like like uh so um about whatever's two two two two two two two two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so so so uh uh tea. Yeah, I like coffee. So it's that that that that that that that that I'm a big tea. I don't like like um um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites. Probably I mean well I mean uh so you know so Earl Grey. Yeah. I I I I I I I I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think um you know so I mean you know know know know know know know know okay okay it's pretty good. What about you for coffee or tea or coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee for like uh so so you know well like coffee? I I I I I I I I truly like espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you uh so you you you you you you you you know you know um I mean um made this podcast if it's just called just just just just just just just just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves uh so like okay like like like like like like like like so so those? Well, I don't know I do call coffee. I was like like like like like like like like why not like like so so you know you know you know we can can can can can can can can call it just the tea guys, but then we're just two you know um um um um um um um um like uh you know like uh guys been called just the tea. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast well well well well well well well well okay like I mean so like I mean today. I wanted us to look at at at at at at at at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of I mean well um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um Romans is jam-packed with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic Epic Epic Epic Epic Epic Epic Epic. Ders that ders that ders that ders that ders that ders that ders that ders ders ders ders ders ders ders ders that um like well like uh so uh people quote all the time and Romans Romans Romans Romans Romans Romans Romans Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans you know okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean well 1 we're dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're dealing with the question of like you know um like you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is the law of God really written on the human heart no matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter so like like you know so okay um where they're at. No matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives you know so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that that that that that that that that we can I mean um like like like um I mean act act act act act act act act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks Hawks Hawks Hawks Hawks Hawks Hawks Hawks podcast Hawk uh like uh okay so you know you know and loaded. I I I I I I I I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock was there well so so so so so so so so so uh well so well and I am also here we are three and one one one one one one one one after a decisive victory over the you know uh so uh well I mean you know know know know know know know know Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it was going going going going going going going going to I mean well okay I mean okay well I mean be a blowout. Yeah, I yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I would would would would would would would would agree. We all know about that line and well so uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um how it moved over the past past few days before the game game game game game game game game started. I talked myself out well uh uh okay so like uh of I I I I I I I I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread of the plus 11 and so like you you you you you you you you know like uh uh so a half and I shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope. That's okay well so well like well um not what it says show. I I I I I I I I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express to you know uh so you know know know know know know know know so I mean so you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes with you. I'm so like well well I mean um well sitting down and talking with Scotty Scotty Scotty Scotty Scotty Scotty Scotty Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This I mean um well um okay like you know know know know know know know know is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we um um um um um um um um um so like um you know I mean talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and and and and and and and and experiences that we've had. But it's uh okay um uh so uh I I I I I I I I mean crucial. We felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues like like like like like like like like uh you know uh um uh I mean surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something so something so something so something so something so something so so so so so so so so something so something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session session session session session session session session okay uh I mean uh um so um. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this this this this this this this this microphone is broken or something happened and we I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like um well well couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here here here here here here here here. So we put it onto okay I mean okay um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little better better better better better better better better at things okay so you know well so you know so like clicks. Yeah, and and and and and and and and so we don't know if this is recording actually I mean okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean um has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that that that that that that that that you still enjoy okay okay you know like you know um um Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed. Let's roll onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto I mean well well so I mean well like the normal recording our regularly regularly regularly regularly regularly regularly regularly regularly scheduled programming you in a world where two boys okay um so so well well well well well well well well well well talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of of of of of of of of like well like well like well um getting in there. Most of most of most of of of of of of of of most of most of most of most of most of you are great and amazing you you you you you you you you just lack the you know like um so uh I mean you know know know know know know know know tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired hired hired hired hired hired hired hired um um I mean you know you know like uh. I am one one one one one one one one of the few people in this world who got hired twice so so well well well well well well well well uh okay uh um by McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this this this this this this this this podcast. I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm like I'm like I'm like so well so uh uh I mean going to share share share share share share share share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey you know so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so like and 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience and my learnings you know I mean so um so you know um go go go go go go go go in here and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually uh um um um um um um um um okay like um I mean so a very cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into into into into into into into into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together together together together together together together together so um well like you know well uh before the work week. It includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes the kids because we really enjoy our time well so uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta okay you know uh you know so uh uh things that we tend tend tend tend tend tend tend tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, like um uh like like well so especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have well like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um okay any homework what needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes clothes clothes clothes clothes clothes clothes clothes out I mean so so like okay like so clean your rooms. Let's start start start start start start start start let's start let's start let's start let's start let's start let's start let's start start start start start start start start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that I mean well um uh well well well well well well well well well uh we gotta get back to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing teasing teasing teasing teasing teasing teasing teasing okay um okay uh so uh uh my kids at this time because because because because because because because because it's a i you guys. I know that so um like um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh school is your favorite. You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you you you you you you you you guys you guys you guys can't even wait to go back and I mean um um um um um um um um well so I mean like I mean like know I hate school. I don't think think think think think think think think they really do like I think they um well okay you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in in in in in in in in kindergarten anymore, right? We got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite definite definite definite definite definite definite definite article you know you know like like you know okay okay in this video video video video video video video video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video about the um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um well well well indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that that that that that that that that video as well in you know um I mean well well okay well English English English English English English English English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like Russian so you you you you you you you you know okay okay so uh I mean. I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any Any Any Any Any Any Any Any articles at all. So okay um well like I mean okay like sometimes English articles articles articles articles articles articles articles articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German that um like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so uh has I think three different kinds not just like articles but but but but but but but but kinds and for um you know you know you know okay okay like myself as an an an an an an an an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally um uh you know uh um you know uh the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We use it for casual so okay okay like okay you know okay poor and and and and and and and and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people so so okay like like like like like like like like you know okay well I anchor so great one. It's free love love love love love love love love free big plus when it's free like okay so I mean I mean well like like like like like like like like to you can only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your your your your your your your your I mean okay uh like so uh you know podcast straight to Anchor, but but but but but but but but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the well I mean I mean you you you you you you you you know okay okay uh streaming platforms that apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google podcast Google podcasts does well like I mean I mean um okay okay Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon Amazon but podcast they will be short and on top of that you can even so so so so so so so so okay you know I mean okay you know I mean make money off of this this this this this this this this app. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, you know uh well so so so so so so so so well like okay it's free and you can make money anchor will automatically match match match match match match match match your podcast with well I mean okay uh you know you know well the right right right right right right right right sponsors for your podcast with no minimum amount of listeners so I mean uh um um um um um um um um you know well you know required super simple to get started. Just go to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the summer you know I mean okay um uh you know so house after after after after after after after after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I am um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so uh okay um your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow. Wow, do we have a lot to cover like okay so okay so you you you you you you you you know um tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk about about about about about about about about and well I mean okay uh so so I mean we're just gonna go straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight through and talk about all the relationships and I've got you know well so well um I I I I I I I I mean well some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the end for for for for for for for for that well you know okay so I mean uh um and a fun little little little little little little little little segment about who's crazier then who and then we'll end it you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh like so so off with some predictions for what's going to to to to to to to to happen next week and maybe the rest so okay um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are are are are are are are are I mean so uh okay um well you know going to be doing a a a a a a a a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft so well so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh class and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined um so I mean I mean uh I mean like every week but Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters I mean so I I I I I I I I mean okay so you know I mean at each position where the Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers stand in terms of current players and well so I mean so okay well uh what what what what what what what what their potential options might be going into free agency a little bit I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well well um well well. And then also what's important that position position position position position position position position generally when looking for prospects and what so um well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know the times 20 draft class has to offer we we we we we we we we will be going I mean so so I mean well like uh Each position group group group group group group group group one by one in the Box. The draft has that it okay you know you you you you you you you you know you know uh so okay looks to be a major part of how the the the the the the the the Panthers go about this rebuild you know um you know I mean okay you you you you you you you you know so that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope I hope I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope you enjoy this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast love you're um uh um okay well um so listening to and give us a a a a a a a a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode like well so okay you know um okay includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault assault assault assault assault assault assault assault that some people may find offensive okay I mean okay like so well well well well well well well well um. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October October October October October October October October 9th in 1961. Something okay well uh uh uh so I mean wasn't right right right right right right right right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On October like you you you you you you you you know uh um like I mean I mean 27th some night owl. Owls in an an an an an an an an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a uh like you know okay uh okay I mean woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if what if what if what if if if if if if if if what if what if what if what if she sees us watching we should okay okay like like like like like like like like so uh I mean like close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn lawn lawn lawn lawn lawn lawn lawn. Please have you so you know I mean uh um okay um seen my my my my my my my my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize I mean like like like like like like like like well okay uh I mean I mean you the police were just here. I know know know know know know know know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and and and and and and and and Mental Illness listener um so so like uh so okay discretion is advised especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have I mean well like like like like like like like like um so like okay been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's sister's sister's sister's sister's sister's sister's sister's his sister's his sister's his sister's his sister's his sister's his sister's his his his his his his his his sister's nursemaid had warned him, well well so like okay I mean uh but it was was was was was was was was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey like okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean um Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if maybe if maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe if maybe if maybe if maybe if maybe if maybe if he pretended pretended pretended pretended pretended pretended pretended pretended well enough the um uh so uh well like I mean Sandman would leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing okay I mean so so so so so so so so so uh um you know stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat pounded in his ears you know so you know I mean I mean like like like like like like like like okay as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled circled circled circled circled circled circled circled his bed. They paused they paused they paused they paused they paused they paused they paused they paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our our our our our our our our yeah, so you know you know you know like uh I mean I know know know know know know know know did you know that when milk is start again when okay like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like well milk has come out of the cow. They died a a a a a a a a white because there's pus and um um well okay um so okay blood in it it it it it it it it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to so so I I I I I I I I mean so uh so I mean do that is disgusting. I've tried I've tried I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've tried I've tried I've tried I've tried I've tried I've tried like almond almond almond almond almond almond almond almond milk was just isn't there's almond like uh like uh so I mean so so so so so so so so produce milk. What breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what what what what what what what what breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good smells good smells good smells good good good good good good good good smells good smells good smells good smells good doesn't matter coconut okay well well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so milk is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut milk coconut water uh um so um I mean you know um discussed. How How How How How How How How can how can how can how can how can how can how can how how how how how how how how can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it well well well well well well well well well well okay um so you know. So drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that that that that that that that that she would it's disgusting like uh so um well okay I mean. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you know what the problem is what you I don't think I'm I mean um um um um um um um um so so so like uh a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk okay I mean okay uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so like I mean like I mean to get you going. All you you you you you you you you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- well okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like to get started and you know what? It's totally it's totally it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally free just download download download download download download download download the free anchor so um so you know uh well so app or go to to to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your so uh so I I I I I I I I mean okay you know so own podcast. You can have fun. You can you can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about whatever you want to talk about uh well you know uh well you know know know know know know know know okay on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make make make make make make make make it uh okay well so um um okay about. It'll be yours, and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's totally free. Once again, go to the get the so okay like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so anchor app. I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go go go go go go go go I'll go I'll go I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your your your your your your your your so like like okay um well like way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith Keith Keith Keith Keith Keith Keith Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so well um well okay Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia Georgia Georgia Georgia Georgia Georgia Georgia Georgia puts the Gators to 19 uh well okay um I mean you know you know know know know know know know know and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The The The The The The The The lone like okay so okay so you know okay senior technically could be the the the the the the the the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the last game for um um um um um um um um uh okay uh you know you know uh Dante pass it Dante bassett's going going going going going going going going to graduate with honors High honors, I think in so okay well you know know know know know know know know well like I mean In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take some some some some some some some some listener questions so um okay um okay you know um. It's a it's a a a a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a fun show show show show show show show show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, this okay well so so I I I I I I I I mean um so is the fun time of the year in our sport. This This This This This This This This is March. Now okay uh you know you know so so uh we're from from from from from from from from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to well you you you you you you you you know like you know um so um you by anchor that's the platform. We use use use use use use use use we use we use we use we use we use we use we use to to to to to to to to bring you this podcast. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based based based based based based based based so so like you know so well well on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which which which which which which which which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know uh you know youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at at at at at at at at youth Ministries to see you grow in uh well well uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember well I mean you know um okay um so your daily devotion matters. March March March March March March March March 2nd march 2nd march 2nd march 2nd march 2nd march 2nd march 2nd march 2nd entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled debtors to all today will be reading from so okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for for for for for for for for like you know uh like well well well I am in trouble my eyes waste waste waste waste waste waste waste waste away with grief. Yes, my soul like okay um I mean well well okay and my my my my my my my my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the you you you you you you you you know um I mean okay so like uh stories that matter to you and the the the the the the the the other five members of your improv troupe okay I mean um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know. Thanks as thanks as thanks as thanks as thanks as thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks as thanks as thanks as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM. If you you know I mean uh so so okay like never listen to the the the the the the the the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready I mean like well well well well well well well well I mean okay I mean well for the team and I to bring you the story story story story story story story story. Is affecting is affecting is affecting is affecting is affecting is affecting is affecting affecting affecting affecting affecting affecting affecting affecting is affecting young people you know you know you know okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice justice justice justice justice justice justice justice reporter, okay okay well well okay okay like Katrina Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're like like like like like like like like we're going to unpack the racist so okay I mean I mean um so so so so so so so so okay tweets from 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of the the the the the the the the USA chapter so well well um okay like like of the Ku Klux Klan Klan Klan Klan Klan Klan Klan Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever you know you know um um um um um um um um like okay like um 97 who goes deep to bring you stories like is God God God God God God God God real? Well, it well, it well, it well, it well, it well, it well, it it it it it it it it well, it so I mean you know I mean so like um turns turns turns turns turns turns turns turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so um okay I mean I mean doing great. Thank you very very very very very very very very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you okay uh okay um so so so so so so so so okay well taking the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted chatted chatted chatted chatted chatted chatted chatted. So you know I mean well like well you know um what have you been been been been been been been been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But so you know um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know Patty and I my wife decided probably when I had a a a a a a a a year left in Colorado okay well okay uh I mean so uh Springs at my my my my my my my my position that we would move back to Tucson. And so after um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um um I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a a a a a a a a little I mean well uh okay so like well better at life. I am your your your your your your your your host Corey mascara and in today's episode. I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like uh um I mean uh I I I I I I I I mean I mean going to share a few thoughts on the idea of of of of of of of of finding meaning more to you know okay well well I mean well okay come on on on on on on on on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the sound of the so so so so so so so so um okay like you know uh I mean Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things things things things things things things things that can feel daunting so uh like so I mean I mean uh and or or or or or or or or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem to have well okay so I I I I I I I I mean like like okay a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm okay so like well okay you know like one of your hosts Egan for our with one one one one one one one one of my co-host Jordan. What's okay um like okay well so well up guys? This This This This This This This This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is uh um um um um um um um um uh uh um so um Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the the the the the the the the Italian. Wait a second. Why well you know well so uh well uh didn't I get get get get get get get get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I you know well well well well well well well well okay like you know so uh knew as soon as I said it someone would would would would would would would would bring it up but his um well okay uh okay uh you know know know know know know know know regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my my my my my my my my co-host so like I mean um like I mean uh. Jordan Reese, jordan jordan jordan jordan jordan jordan jordan jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, here here here here here here here here we go. What's up? Its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This uh I mean um um um um um um um um I mean um so I mean is our first episode of our podcast on this this this this this this this this podcast were basically we talked like well so um uh I mean so about a a a a a a a a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while while while while while while while while so so uh um uh like you know we're doing this. Actually, let's start start start start start start start start with that. So to begin with we will ask our good like well so so so so so so so so okay I mean uh like old friend Siri to pick a number between one and and and and and and and and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um so well where we talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And And And And And And And And of and of and of and of and of and of and of and and and and and and and and of course Amazing Stories I mean uh like I mean like uh you know from day-to-day entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art like like like like like like like like you know you know so like you know I mean of this is today today today today today today today today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you how you how you how how how how how how how how you how you how you how you how you I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I mean you know um like doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having having having having having having having having me. Looking forward to you know you know like well so okay so this this this this this this this this right now. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our our our our our our our our well I mean so um you know you know well listeners are little bit of of of of of of of of context or of what I'm doing. So I was okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so okay I mean browsing LinkedIn the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey we went to college back in uh like you know I mean you know know know know know know know know so um 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a few few few few few few few few years back in the well uh you know well like uh um day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens Likens Likens Likens Likens Likens Likens Likens. I'm like so I mean um well uh I mean Chris rwk. I'm Corey from from from from from from from from strange cat toys. We're here we're here we're here we're here we're here we're here here here here here here here here we're here we're here for episode 16 uh I mean so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um. But first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker fide like well um uh so I mean like. They made a wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the um uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um same for you. So if you want to check them out, make sure to to to to to to to to head like well uh so um um you know over to sticker fide.com. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, no love City the love City where you get the so well like I I I I I I I I mean I mean um okay urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code code code code code code code code Urban robot cat at I mean so so well um well like checkout, you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then also SD so so so so so so so so uh like you know so I mean so prints there are screen printing company that that that that that that that that can make you some wonderful products for like um like um well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for you you you you you you you you well um well well okay like okay. You can you can you can you can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can check them out at SD screen printing printing printing printing printing printing printing printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this this this this this this this this show operate in so um so so uh like like secret the details included in in in in in in in in this episode are based on extensive research, but okay uh um you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for for for for for for for for every kernel of I mean uh um okay like okay okay truth. There's a swath of of of of of of of of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect their true goals and uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean um okay uh practices. On July twenty first two thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong you know I mean um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by by by by by by by by legislators as an expression okay okay well well you know you know okay of peaceful peaceful peaceful peaceful peaceful peaceful peaceful peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys you know um uh so okay I mean um podcast before we get this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little like uh like well um so so so so so so so so well bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will admit admit admit admit admit admit admit admit okay you know I mean so okay like like. So if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, so uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay um let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that that that that that that that that allow you to um so I mean well you know um like record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute um okay um um um um um um um um well um uh okay your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple music. A podcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast you know I I I I I I I I mean uh like well so so my bad and many more you can make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no um you know well you know uh well well well well well well well well well minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay well I mean so uh. Anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's get this rolling. Like a a a a a a a a like a like a like a like a like a like a like a record record record record record record record record record right now and I can well I mean you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean just cut it. Okay. So like so like so like so like like like like like like like like so like so like so like so like you ready, but you got it it it it it it it it closer. It's just uh um well I mean okay uh uh an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's of well like um you know I mean uh I mean time. I have a special special special special special special special special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This um um uh uh so so so so so so so so uh um is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie birdie birdie birdie birdie birdie birdie birdie I live. Oh, okay like uh well so um so yeah, if you hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay well so so so so so so so so um like uh uh I mean. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is is is is is is is is already Turning off as a so like um like well so I mean disaster sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I um um um um um um um um I um I um I um I um I um I um I um well well so so so so so so so so so I mean well love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a a a a a a a a parakeet. He's okay well well I mean uh so um a little he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very I mean um so so so so so so so so like uh well you know tiny his little arthritic feet and he's mad like you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior um you know well um okay so well Communications officer with the office of the the the the the the the the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And this so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so so um is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, privacy, privacy, privacy, privacy, privacy, privacy, privacy, right? Aims to aims to aims to aims to aims to aims to aims aims aims aims aims aims aims aims to aims to um uh so well okay like well connect British Columbia's personal information protection protection protection protection protection protection protection protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work like okay uh I mean um so so so so so so so so um of the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in in in in in in in in this I mean well you know so um you know um province. We want want want want want want want want we want we want we want we want we want we want we we we we we we we we want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal I mean okay well like like like like like like like like so okay uh information. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under under under under under under under under pipa and you know well I mean so well well I mean how our office office office office office office office office can help. It's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's about it's about getting privacy right to build and maintain so so you know like like like like like like like like so um so Trust. Today, we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all all right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride well um like okay so uh uh podcast. I'm your host Michael Ward. That That That That That That That That was little Foo Fighters. We had um uh well like like okay um go go go go go go go go in there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up um uh I I I I I I I I mean you know you know like so is because I was going over all the the the the the the the the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like well you know okay today it is episode 39. This guy is is is is is is is is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and like well I mean you know so you you you you you you you you know like we are recording two and one day and we are so excited for for for for for for for for our you know I mean I mean well like uh you know guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest today. So he so he so he so he so he so he so so so so so so so so he so he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys well um um um um um um um um uh okay you know you know like know where to find us. You You You You You You You You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on uh uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh. Look at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitchescom Bitchescom Bitchescom Bitchescom Bitchescom Bitchescom Bitchescom Bitchescom I bitchescom I bitchescom I bitchescom I bitchescom I bitchescom I bitchescom I bitchescom bitchescom bitchescom bitchescom bitchescom bitchescom bitchescom bitchescom I mean you know you know like uh um you know. Go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally we literally we literally we literally we we we we we we we we literally we literally we literally we literally live for that shit leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave that review so okay uh so okay you know okay and if you have nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nice to say as your mother said don't like like you know like um like like like like like like like like okay say it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the the the the the the the the I mean well um well uh uh I mean day? Well, I I I I I I I I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay well you know I mean so well so well emerged to lead the the the the the the the the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading I mean uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like like shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully uh uh uh uh well okay well but both fans of the show and and and and and and and and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on like I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like I mean Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the the the the the the the the show to have its okay like so so well well well cake and eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so um so you know how the producers run the show creates a a a a a a a a Asik environment for bullying and the show uh I mean you know you know well well well well well well well well well like taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at at at at at at at at The Bachelor show Runners um um so so like so so are producers take any any any any any any any any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is um um well well well well well well well well I mean so well you know specifically designed and run around the notion of having having having having having having having having a villain. You can't guarantee an uh well well you know okay okay I I I I I I I I mean engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains so so so so so so so so okay so so so like well. Another user another user another user another user user user user user user user user another user another user another user another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity infidelity infidelity infidelity infidelity infidelity infidelity infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like so so so so so so so so okay well uh um um uh to encourage all of you to download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to okay um okay you know uh I mean uh Anchor Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd FM to get started on this. It has it has it has it it it it it it it it has it has it has it has it has made it. So easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy okay like well like um okay like guys, I did not know, you know know know know know know know know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only well um I mean uh I I I I I I I I mean uh um known it like five ten years before early because all I I I I I I I I need to do is download you know so I mean like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and you you you you you you you you know um well like um so like anchor will do all the the the the the the the the job for me. It will publish it in all the like well well uh I I I I I I I I mean so I mean major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I I I I I I I I do not need to so well so well uh so you know do anything else. So So So So So So So So this so this so this so this so this so this so this so so so so so so so so this is just too awesome guys. You also you also you also also also also also also also also you also you also you also you also you also need to make uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh I mean well uh like use of it. If you have a a a a a a a a message if you have some come content, which um so okay uh uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post post post post post post post post well uh uh well I mean like uh something make sure you use this. Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes podcast okay okay I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know I mean like. So in so in so in so in so so so so so so so so in so in so in so in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like I mean um um um on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a a a a a a a a different awesome woman well so uh like you know well so from history history history history history history history history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for so you you you you you you you you know uh you know you know well so their bravery and achievements. But first, but but but but but but but but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic uh so okay uh okay uh um woman lived lived lived lived lived lived lived lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling um um um um um um um um I mean like like well well so. She and she discovered something that changed China China China China China China China China forever. Empress is another well so I mean okay I mean so um way of of of of of of of of saying a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She okay I I I I I I I I mean like um so uh uh ruled over ancient China with her husband Emperor Windy Windy Windy Windy Windy Windy Windy Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by um well you you you you you you you you know like uh um well her own bra the search for her killer would be be be be be be be be a daunting task for um like um uh well like um police resulting in in in in in in in in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty like like like like like like like like okay like so you know well well Gale Brown and want to hear more like like like like like like like like it check out our series unsolved murders every okay um like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some of history's most bewildering um so okay I mean you know so well murders follow unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due I mean well um um um um um um um um um you know so okay to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised this episode includes well uh well so you know I mean well well well well well well well well dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas uh okay you know you know okay well uh real Stone from the history of of of of of of of of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was uh okay like like so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history history history history history history history history of New I mean so uh so I mean so uh Zealand podcast. And And And And And And And And so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell us a little bit about your projects and what you've been okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean I mean uh I mean working on and what we're going to be be be be be be be be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, so so so so so so so so Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, my I mean so well you know like I I I I I I I I mean like name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke bloke behind the history of uh well um uh well uh so altered or New Zealand podcast, which which which which which which which which is very much a does what it says on so so well uh I I I I I I I I mean like you know the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how um um um um um um um um well I mean okay well okay you know the chakra system can help you change change change change change change change change your mind to change your body to change your you know uh like I I I I I I I I mean well you know you know life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am doing great. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's kind of weird. I normally uh I mean you know well uh you know know know know know know know know you know record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because I've okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay like you know so like been traveling a little bit and now now now now now now now now I'm confused as to what day it well like so I mean um um um um um um um um uh like is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that that that that that that that that ever happen okay I mean so okay so so you know to you? I I I I I I I I think it's so funny. You know like you think like all day like well well well well well well well well so well so uh okay. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday Thursday Thursday Thursday Thursday Thursday Thursday Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's I mean I mean um okay um um I mean happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our with our with our with with with with with with with with our with our with our with our with our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have you have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you have you have you have Chris with with with with with with with with you know okay okay so well well uh you today. We said that we'd be be be be be be be be adding these specials special podcast seeing through the uh uh I mean you know know know know know know know know like like like offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good good good good good good good good special on first off so you know like I mean okay so you know know know know know know know know. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into the I I I I I I I I mean like you know well okay okay uh franchise and today's guest definitely needs no no no no no no no no real introduction to those day our fans and you know well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay okay those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of of of of of of of of Angels of um um uh you know uh you know um Allah and and and and and and and and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my you you you you you you you you know I mean um I mean um uh like firm or see my portfolio head head head head head head head head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge so okay okay well so so so so so so so so you know well fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all all all all all all all all day long okay I mean uh you know so like uh as you might might might might might might might might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one one one one one one one one so um uh uh you know I mean I mean you're listening to right now now now now now now now now. You can listen to all of your favorite so uh well I mean um you you you you you you you you know I mean artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your your your your your your your your favorite podcast like so okay well okay so um. So you never miss an episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode premium users can download episodes to listen to you know like so I mean like like like like like like like like uh okay offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with with with with with with with with your friends on you know uh well um like I mean okay Instagram. Haven't Haven't Haven't Haven't Haven't Haven't Haven't Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the the the the the the the the acquirers I mean well so okay um uh um podcast on Spotify or browse podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to well well I mean so uh like like like like like like like like okay follow me. So you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so you so you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve um um um um um um um um you know uh so so you know you know firstly with a a a a a a a a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday I mean okay so so so so so so so so um so like like night the mood in the camp must be a good good good good good good good good one. Yeah to be fair. It's um like you know uh you know uh so so so so so so so so been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of of of of of of of of knew it like so um um well so you know was going to be be be be be be be be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well like uh okay I mean or often our second half half half half half half half half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very good so I mean I mean uh well well well well well well well well uh I mean. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan to you tonight okay uh uh um well like well was Jeb. What have what what what what what what what what have what have what have what have what have what have what have you you you you you you you you made of him so far? Capital K JP will get so um like uh uh like like like like like like like like uh better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that that that that that that that that were um uh like like so okay you know friends and they wanted to start a a a a a a a a podcast and they were asking me uh okay you know well so like I I I I I I I I mean how we do it how we get it out there how we record record record record record record record record it. And so you know um uh so well so you know, thankfully I was was was was was was was was able to tell them about anchor which if we I mean uh um I I I I I I I I mean well um I mean would have had when we first started out this would would would would would would would would have been way way easier and okay uh okay so um uh like it's much much much much much much much much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by far um um um um um um um um well okay so so okay so the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast it gives you everything you need. In one like well I mean um I I I I I I I I mean uh like place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy recording equipment or anything I mean um um you know like uh so and you you you you you you you you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your phone right you you you you you you you you know uh you know okay you know you know you know there there there there there there there there free. It's free. It's free. So it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it so it so it so it gives you all the creation tools you know so so so so so so so so well um you know like well. You need to edit it to make it sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound good which you know, uh I mean uh like um I mean you know if if if if if if if if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the the the the the the the the so okay well you know like you know so easiest way to make make make make make make make make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so like like so and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for I mean well well so like so so so so so so so so well you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you you you you you you you you okay so you know um well okay uh can make money from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you well you know you know well well well well well well well well I mean I mean okay need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free free free free free free anchor app or go okay like okay well uh like um to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson well so like like like like like like like like you know like you know like. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting acting acting acting acting acting acting acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, like um like I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop he'll drop he'll drop he'll drop he'll drop he'll drop he'll drop he'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How How How How How How How How are how are how are how are how are how are how are how how how how how how how how are I mean uh um um uh like well you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and I love uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um you know well I mean for you to share it with a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of people. Yeah, thank you. I'm so uh like okay you know like well you you you you you you you you know excited that you're doing this. I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think it's somewhat long overdue and you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, I I mean like well well well uh like love listening so far and I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't wait to continue to follow along in the future uh uh like I mean so I I I I I I I I mean um. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we have such great great great great great great great great conversations and um you know well you know like I mean um we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk in depth about how you got to where you are and what you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um well uh um drives you and what motivates you and all all all all all all all all those sorts of things. I think is well like I mean okay uh um um um um um um um um okay so important to share and I've had great conversations with a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of really good okay so okay like well so well coaches. And athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of like like like like like like like like like you know I mean um uh you know Steel media marks the boundary where where where where where where where where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect you know okay you know well well well well well well well well well well I mean to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd asked for more well so uh so uh like you know money D20 radio where where where where where where where where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, welcome back ladies and um um um so you you you you you you you you know you know uh gentlemen, boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we we we we we we we we are going to have a okay like you know uh uh um well really really really really really really really really fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by well I I I I I I I I mean you know you know I mean well uh our app to help companies companies companies companies companies companies companies companies get control of their email for this episode really uh uh you know like like like like like like like like like so you know excited to have one of our one of the the the the the the the the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce I mean like okay so okay um um um um um um um um I mean yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me me me me me me me me. One of one of one of one of one of one of one one one one one one one one of one of the like like you know okay uh so um biggest names names names names names names names names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in construction so um I I I I I I I I mean um uh okay like these days in all sorts of different ways. So So So So So So So So So so So so So so So so So so So so So so so so so so so so so So I'm Judith Hackett. I so like well like okay um well chaired the independent independent independent independent independent independent independent independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know I mean um um of the Granville fire disaster, but really really really really really really really really looking at the way that regulations themselves had okay uh you know you know know know know know know know know I mean you know you know allowed such poor practice to creep into into into into into into into into the whole of the sector not specifically looking you know I mean um you know know know know know know know know like like um at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay like like I mean to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits Spirits Spirits Spirits Spirits Spirits Spirits Spirits. If you asking me why it's uh well well like uh uh um a bit irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit um I mean um uh so so so so so so so so I mean so 20,000 subscribers. So if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if so if so if so if you are a subscriber make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you know, you feel like uh I mean so well um like you feel like like like like like like like like you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So well okay so so so so so so so so so okay I mean like I'd like to first and foremost say a big thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you to look well you know so um like okay I mean for a line line line line line line line line it to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting well I I I I I I I I mean uh um you know um so rocking with mating taking my stuff in in in in in in in in on YouTube. Then you might as well okay so well you know so like like like like like like like like you know start. Do I need to spell out to you why you need to start start start start start start start start okay I mean like okay I mean so you know listening to that YouTube content content content content content content content content come on now but away from all of well so okay I mean you you you you you you you you know well so that as you look normal. I wouldn't I wouldn't I wouldn't I I I I I I I I wouldn't I wouldn't I wouldn't I wouldn't I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but but but but but but but but well like uh like I mean um well a lot has happened. You've seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our band well you know like uh um um um um um um um um uh so for eight games and get a fine. I believe due to allegedly calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital uh like like like like like like like like well okay um you know well HR leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital. It needs to be digital okay like well so uh I mean I mean. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's simply it's simply it's simply it's simply it's simply it's simply it's simply it's simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and um I I I I I I I I mean so uh you know so uh analytical to deliver greater business value. This episode this this this this this this this this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is a a a a a a a a break from our usual format um okay you know well well you know uh. It It It It It It It It features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean like well like uh future of work conference in San San San San San San San San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the you know I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh future and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who who who who who who who who lectures on people analytics at okay um uh you know um I mean um UC UC UC UC UC UC UC UC Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning you know know know know know know know know okay so uh you know I mean well and operations of judicial RJ RJ RJ RJ RJ RJ RJ RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics you know um uh like like like like like like like like I mean like like boober and is a previous guest on the show Andy and and and and and and and and Bailey managing director well uh um so well well um of my HR future future future future future future future future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to the days conversation today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going to be talking about taking control um um um um um um um um I mean uh you know okay um um. Per se per se per se se se se se se se se per se per se per se per se per se taking control of our our our our our our our our emotions, but the big question is how do um like you know you know know know know know know know know you know well you know we take control of our emotions? Here's the thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing. There are multiple ways that can okay you know you know okay uh you you you you you you you you know so kick you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important important important important important important important important points right now you know okay like so I mean so you know. And that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's and that's and that's and that's and that's and that's and that's and that's your your your your your your your your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is it is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is it is so so so so so so so so so um like well I mean okay the branch of the biology that deals with the the the the the the the the normal functions of a living like you know well okay so okay you you you you you you you you know organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be well well well well well well well well well you know like like you know well talking about is how refers to your emotions and and and and and and and and how it is an I mean okay uh um um like so extension of of of of of of of of You feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have we have we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we have I mean well um um um um um um um um um okay okay you know happiness sadness anger and fear which and there are others others others others others others others others of course, but those are kind I mean um uh um well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the so the so the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have have have have have have have have our first sponsor. Our so I mean like so so you know like first sponsor ever of of of of of of of of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I use so well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um so stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me me me me me me me me amongst other custom I mean um um you know so so uh logos logos logos logos logos logos logos logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um like I mean okay have free shipping on all orders over $50 $50 $50 $50 $50 $50 $50 $50. You can have a free company logo I mean you know I mean um um um um um um um um so like I mean stencil made free and they have lots of of of of of of of of cool Social Media stuff going okay okay well um I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they they they they they they they they can create anything so you know so um like um uh if they they they they they they they they don't have it already. So if you have something very custom you so so so so so so so so you know like like you know um uh want made they will work with with with with with with with with you and they listen to their customers like well you know I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode like like like like like like like like uh like you know so okay I mean number 20 coming your way. And thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a you know I mean okay you know like like like like like like like like okay so great chat and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all all all all all all all all did too well like you know like okay so well and usurping, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small okay well you know know know know know know know know you know like well you know but we're we're good. We're happy and and and and and and and and as I always say to people I like um I mean um like you know know know know know know know know okay do this because I love the band. Of talking to the bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds and having um um you know so well like so a chat with them and and and and and and and and seeing how to do see if we are kind of I mean okay like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So So So So So So So So it's you know uh uh well you know like I mean awesome. So thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, well, no, well, no, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, no, well, no, well, no, well, no, well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have we have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about about about about about about about about starting you know I mean like well I mean well so your own podcast, let let let let let let let let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is the well I mean you you you you you you you you know uh like uh okay easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain it's free their creation tools uh so like okay like well well well well well well well well well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or okay like like like like like like like like I mean um okay I mean uh computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So you can be heard on Spotify uh so um well um I mean well well well well well well well well Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum no minimum no minimum no minimum no minimum no minimum no minimum no minimum I I I I I I I I mean you know like um so okay I mean listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place. So well well so uh well okay uh download download download download download download download download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do do do do do do do do hey, do hey, do hey, do hey, do hey, do hey, do hey, do you you you you you you you you know I mean uh I mean like well I mean you want to join in in in in in in in in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night so so uh uh so well well well well well well well well uh 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you if you if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you can't make it check check check check check check check check out your favourite podcasting I mean uh um like so well um um um um um um um um platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn tips and okay I mean you know like I mean you know so techniques on on on on on on on on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our our our our our our our our sponsors so uh I mean um I mean I mean so the ones who who who who who who who who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor so I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay so uh so is basically this free podcasting app that allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to edit upload and create your okay so so um um well like own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically um um um um um um um um like well I mean you know I mean okay once you upload your podcast to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to I mean uh you know so so so so so so so so um um uh Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you you you you you you you you upload it to so you know uh uh uh I mean I mean Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I like like like like like like like like so I mean okay like okay you know have to say, which is pretty shocking because because because because because because because because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to um I mean like so well well like like like like like like like like what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is so I I I I I I I I mean okay um uh okay um on board and I'm excited for this little journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey this little educational Journey that we um um so like uh I mean like are are are are are are are are going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like well well well well well well well well uh well uh so uh well note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So So So So So So So So I've so I've so I've so I've so I've so I've so I've so I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've done list of how well like uh um I mean so like I want it it it it it it it it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that okay okay you you you you you you you you know well like you know uh is another story because I can be a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit impulsive. So we shall see well like okay so uh you know you you you you you you you you know but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please unless please unless please unless please unless please unless please unless please unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless please unless you're well like well uh um you know uh driving. If you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in so so so so so so so so well so like uh well I mean London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along along along along along along along along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th 2020 like you know I mean well well well well well well well well you know so so the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a little pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame pregame combo for you know well well uh I mean so okay you Michael. We We We We We We We We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss okay like so I I I I I I I I mean okay like well in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had they they they they they they they they had they had they had they had they had they had they had had had had had had had had won three in a row prior The Beat uh um like uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it yeah, it yeah, it yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it yeah, it yeah, it yeah, it yeah, it does but you have to to to to to to to to sort of I mean okay like okay uh um uh reflect on the fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that we're key games you know know know know know know know know so um well like uh I mean against teams that were at least on on on on on on on on par with them Florida a few um I mean I mean so okay um um um um um um um um well points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division division division division division division division division and um like uh well uh uh okay Vancouver who was battling for a playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come I mean uh so well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean up against the team and they play three teams on this this this this this this this this west coast swing that are okay uh okay so so like uh out of it it it it it it it it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they got uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well you know I mean well so outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and like like like like like like like like you know like okay you know okay uh the topic of today's newsletter is is is is is is is is going to be what women are attracted to okay um well uh uh uh like like like like like like like like in Men. In other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? I I I I I I I I mean like like I mean uh I mean uh What are the things that women women women women women women women women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior you know like you know uh you know know know know know know know know um uh is it that they like so we can exhibit this kind of of of of of of of of behavior obviously okay okay like um like so okay to attract women. Well first things things things things things things things things first that we got understand about women you know like I mean well um you you you you you you you you know I mean is number one. There are emotional beings and their Even by their their their their their their their their emotions and women want uh like I mean you know uh uh uh to to to to to to to to be in a love story. They want to just randomly run into some some some some some some some some okay I mean so you know you know well well dude in the supermarket or or or or or or or or the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just um well like so well well well well well well well well uh okay obviously it happens in such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead like like like like like like like like like like you know you know you know you know and introduce our name? Not your your your your your your your your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking well well like well well well well well well well well um you know you know for the bag. And the and the and the the the the the the the the and the and the and the and the and the reason why we picked that name, name, name, name, name, name, name, name, I mean, it's well so I mean okay you know like okay pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we in in in in in in in in our bag we in the bag we got the bags um um you know know know know know know know know you know um um okay of cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end end end end end end end end goal is to I mean I mean like you know um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay make money off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm um I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um well you know know know know know know know know so you know so so doing this for my love of public speaking and and and and and and and and podcasting and making other humans happy so okay well well I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay with my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is is is is is is is is in um I mean well like um you know well it for I guess anyway, so so so so so so so so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced I mean uh well so uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean in this business. Honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I I I I I I I I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the the the the the the the the voice of I mean you know um okay um okay so someone stealing bed at at at at at at at at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? you know I mean you you you you you you you you know okay um like I mean Yes or no after my nap. What do do do do do do do do you mean if you're an app you um so you know okay you know you know like like like like like like like like just woke up. I'm giving I'm giving I'm giving I'm giving I'm giving I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm giving I'm giving I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her her her her her her her her ready well like okay you know okay you know I mean and that's it it it it it it it it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, we choose a subject but well so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so you know we don't use the position where you're going. Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait the weirdest sex show like you know uh okay okay okay well almost every every every every every every every every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 pm like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so uh uh. EST on my head. Here we go. We all all all all all all all all we all we all we all we all we all we all we all live live live live live live live live I welcome all welcome everybody doing uh you know so well well like like like like like like like like so welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host host host host host host host host the like uh um well well like so man taking your health to a whole new new new new new new new new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're like we're like we're like we're like we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're like we're like we're like we're like you know um well you know like um going going going going going going going going to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is really really really really really really really really you know you know you know um like I mean like about something something something something something something something something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd I mean okay so so so so so so so so I mean I mean well you know chamber for just a very small amount of of of of of of of of time because it's a very very cold to well like like so so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh me. Maybe three maybe three maybe three maybe three maybe three maybe three maybe three maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based like like like like like like like like so I mean I mean you know uh you know on this word hormesis. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation um uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so where you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount amount amount amount amount amount amount amount of stress to uh uh well like you know I mean like create a beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This um uh uh I I I I I I I I mean I mean um okay is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's been around um so like okay well like I mean for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how look how look how look how look how look how look how look how how how how how how how how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um I mean you know uh and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie Hussie Hussie Hussie Hussie Hussie Hussie Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember I mean so uh you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel free okay well well so well you know well to read along with us. If If If If If If If If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities like I mean like well so well well well well well well well well uh or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions so so so so so so so so I mean uh so well you know so for this podcast linked in in in in in in in in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean well well um listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So So So So So So So So we're going to have some like okay well like like I mean you know know know know know know know know opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so uh um like but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This This This This This This This This show is not safe for well okay like I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh work. And if and if and if and if and if and if and if if if if if if if if and if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh like uh so uh you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up, what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the the the the the the the the podcast I mean like well so so I mean well. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking about Dan so uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well uh for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know me. You don't know me well okay I mean okay like okay so as as as as as as as as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days we so so so so so so so so I mean uh well you know so I mean could dance for the cloud bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch don't so today we have done for sure so um so okay um um um um um um um um um so. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're again, you're again, you're again, you're again, you're again, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're again, you're again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing like so so so so so so so so um well so well okay show start brushing on the top of your mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth on one side and brush the inside the like well I mean I I I I I I I I mean uh well I mean outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week week week week week week week week where every day okay so well I mean okay you know I mean we we we we we we we we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking about well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so okay you know well an incredible athlete and mom wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but you know uh you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes sense well I mean okay uh well well you know. Fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny fanny fanny fanny fanny fanny fanny fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon was a runner from from from from from from from from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was um you know um so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal medal medal medal medal medal medal medal gold medal gold medal gold medal gold medal gold medal gold medal gold medal medal medal medal medal medal medal medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned on I mean I mean so well uh you know like the news the the the the the the the the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh well okay I mean legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on on on on on on on on the surface of the Moon so like like you know I mean you know know know know know know know know like the Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship ship ship ship ship ship ship ship had um okay um like so well well a built-in Custom-made camera transferring its signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded I mean uh I mean like like like like like like like like uh well like by three different Studios one in California and to in Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia Australia when the um okay uh like like you know okay broadcast was over over over over over over over over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like uh you know you know up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you um so so so so so so so so so so well you know so by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for for for for for for for for recording hosting in distributing your podcast well okay um so um uh so. Best of of of of of of of of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now you know uh like like like like like like like like uh um uh I mean anger can match you with great spot. So you you you you you you you you want to advertise on you know I mean so you know uh so I mean your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. That means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well uh okay you know like um I mean doing right now by reading sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad I said it before but you know, we love using incre you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well so you know like you can hit record start talking. It It It It It It It It stopped save the audio. It's very easy to you know, um so you know know know know know know know know well okay um well Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut out some, I mean well like like uh so I mean you know dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead are very easy to do that as well. So, you so, you so, you you you you you you you you so, you so, you so, you so, you so, you know, if so uh um um um um um um um um you know uh well like you've always wanted to start a podcast and and and and and and and and make money doing it go to Anchor uh um I mean okay well well well well well well well well okay um dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll whole ruin the um okay you know so uh okay um lives in in in in in in in in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward to all year. So in so in so in so in so in so in so in so in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess and and and and and and and and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess I mean like so okay uh uh like what we host our podcast on on on on on on on on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're well so uh okay um uh so so so so so so so so looking to host your own podcast. This is this is this is this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is the easiest free way to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well like okay like um get started this got a Content creation tool allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to record and the podcast um like well so like so I mean right from from from from from from from from a phone. It's right it's right it's right it's right it's right it's right it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's right it's right don't even need a computer, but you can do so so so so so so so so you know I mean like I mean well well it there too. They'll also help help help help help help help help you distribute it which is probably um uh like I mean um um um um um um um um uh like the most challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got got got got got got got got they got they got they got they got they got they got they got got got got got got got got you you know uh okay uh like you know okay covered and get it right right right right right right right right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any uh well you you you you you you you you know well you know um like other place podcast or founds And you know know know know know know know know what, you can monetize it to like so uh so well uh so so so so so so so so make a little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean you know you know. You need to make a podcast all all all all all all all all in one individual place. So, you know okay like I mean well like like like like like like like like like okay what head over to your app store download the anchor a poor head anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored anchored on like like like I mean I mean so well FM to get started. If If If If If If If If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it you know uh like like like like like like like like like so so like happen. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is this is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount amount amount amount amount amount amount amount. You're listening to um well I mean so well I mean um the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan donphan donphan donphan donphan donphan donphan donphan or smooth AKA I mean okay um so um well um Tanner green ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your actual you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh I mean okay I mean name. Do you remember what the actual name name name name name name name name of that? Pokemon is ho ho no. Oh, um okay like you know um well well well well well well well well I mean she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different names so so so so so so so so well you know um well okay so you called ho over the the the the the the the the course of the season because there's been at like I mean well well well so like like like like like like like like least ho ho ho Joe. I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think I think I think I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, I'll I mean so okay so okay you know so remember it because now now now now now now now now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join Rabbi Rabbi Rabbi Rabbi Rabbi Rabbi Rabbi Rabbi so you know uh okay okay I mean you know Ami as he shares shares shares shares shares shares shares shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice and guides um like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well like us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the the the the the the the the divine. I like I like I like I like I like I like I I I I I I I I like I like okay you know like well I mean you know want to to to to to to to to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very close I I I I I I I I mean uh uh okay so you know um to my heart. It's based on a mission mission mission mission mission mission mission mission of that says that if you uh um okay I mean like okay so read read read read read read read read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of so so so so so so so so um uh I mean you know um uh dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost it's almost it's almost it's almost it's almost it's almost it's almost it's almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about anchor um uh okay um so okay you know if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean um uh you know uh. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and um I mean you know you know like like like like like like like like um okay edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for um I mean um um okay uh uh you so so so so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie apple pie apple pie apple pie apple pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie apple pie apple pie apple pie case and many more you you know you know like like like like like like like like I mean I mean like like can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership and it's everything you I mean like I mean I mean I mean um um um um um um um um so need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or or or or or or or or go to well so um you know so like uh Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to to to to to to to to take care of well I mean you know um I mean uh so we're talking about about about about about about about about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some She-Hulk rumors um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay I mean uh okay some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos photos photos photos photos photos photos photos and we're going to do some fan you know like so I mean um you you you you you you you you know I mean casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a a a a a a a a rumor all that and like so you know um I mean well I mean more today today today today today today today today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring movie discussion news and so okay I I I I I I I I mean like okay you know so interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks stalks stalks stalks stalks stalks stalks stalks Marvel movie afternoon to uh um I mean um well so you know you. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news. We are I mean um um um um um um um um you know I mean I mean I mean uh coming to you. Live from live live live live live live live live from live from live from live from live from live from live from Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, we have anything uh so uh you know know know know know know know know like um um clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about about about about about about about about spiritual I mean well okay um well um I mean and psychic Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D divide D D D D D D D D so you know I mean like you know you know um Consciousness Consciousness Consciousness Consciousness Consciousness Consciousness Consciousness Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the the the the the the the the akashic okay okay so like so okay you know records all. All the things I'm so so so so so so so so glad that you're here with me today like well you know so well well well well well well well well well uh. I appreciate you so very much. All right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful uh you know like I mean so um like being welcome back to another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much uh uh well well you know so so so so so so so so you know for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you you you you you you you you before we get okay uh uh so um you know uh started. If you you you you you you you you want to create me. Go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential influential influential influential influential influential influential influential well I mean I mean so uh well you know wedding brand. Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today okay um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean I mean it's me back is run out of ways to to to to to to to to introduce we can just talk I mean uh so well I mean um I mean to to to to to to to to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, I I I I I I I I mean like uh so okay I mean okay we are spoiling you lately lately lately lately lately lately lately lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a break you know you know know know know know know know know so so uh um well up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about how to plan you know you know so okay so okay you know a a a a a a a a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover like like like like like like like like well okay I mean well okay um off planning a wedding when you've got got got got got got got got small children and a some elements of you know uh like well like um um um um um um um um so planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of of of of of of of of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are are are are are are are are recording from the you know well I mean like like uh so Bethke Bethke Bethke Bethke Bethke Bethke Bethke Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we will share okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um okay I mean uh uh on this podcast intro song says that that that that that that that that that that you're good. It's the intro song so you know like um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not not not not not not not not in our basement you know so uh you know I mean well I mean at at at at at at at at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank um I I I I I I I I mean so so so so so you for listening. So thankful that you make make make make make make make make us a part of your week uh well so you know I mean um um um um um um um um um. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but but but but but but but but me because uh I mean um well um well like my heart is full full full full full full full full. I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna be I mean like I mean so so so so so so so so um like uh a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin coffin coffin coffin coffin coffin coffin coffin into the mic that like you know I mean so um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to to to to to to to to man Booth well like I mean well I mean okay um today on Monday, March March March March March March March March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th or reminder to well um um um um um um um um um like you know you know so everybody. We will be having another podcast on on on on on on on on Friday, March 6th. And as we um so uh uh well like you know go go go go go go go go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that that that that that that that that you know I mean so like okay you know so first practice, but as we we we we we we we we go through the spring, we will try to hit as many well uh I mean like like like like like like like like well so uh podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are are are are are are are are open to the media okay so you know well I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the Beauties. They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're you know so I mean um well okay uh all full because that's yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's yeah, there's yeah, there's and in the new facility, so we'll have an well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um I mean uh opportunity. We'll have a much better better better better better better better better vantage point. I think we mentioned that last um you know you know well well well well well well well well um you know so podcast well take two hours to get a or an an an an an an an an hour to get her so like you know okay like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit on your okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so I mean um um computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, actually, yeah, actually, actually, actually, actually, actually, actually, actually, actually, yeah, actually, yeah, actually, yeah, actually, yeah, actually, yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up up up up up up up up and can actually work. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're so we're so we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans. Favorite pastime so you know uh you know I mean well uh will be analyzing analyzing analyzing analyzing analyzing analyzing analyzing analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end there uh you you you you you you you you know um uh um well uh invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week week week week week week week week 29 joining us this week you know you know um like like okay um um um um um um um um for the second time. This season this season this season this season this this this this this this this this season this season this season this season is gold head of news and and and and and and and and features Peter okay uh so you know well um okay Staunton. Last time time time time time time time time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team um okay okay well well well well well well well well well like like since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good good good good good good good good. I'm about 37 like you know um so okay okay so. Million. In In In In In In In In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I like okay um um um um um um um um well okay okay um think out of you know, all the people that are are are are are are are are still interested. I um I um I um I um I um I um um um um um um um um I um I um like uh so I mean well well used to interested though well-known well-known well-known well-known well-known well-known well-known well-known. I get I get I get I get I get I get I get I get get get get get get get get the impression you're not from from the you know well well like um so like like like like like like like like fact you have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the well well well well well well well well you know like okay so okay you know problem there was The League Cup Final Final Final Final Final Final Final Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got we got we got we got we we we we we we we we got we got we got we got a little we just missed you you you you you you you you guys. So so um um uh okay okay so we just got a letter so for for for for for for for for you here, we wanted to talk so uh um I mean like okay I I I I I I I I mean about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days since since since since since since since since okay um okay you know you know um you know the finale and couple things we we we we we we we we want to talk about before the reunions show just I mean uh well well well well well well well well well I mean well okay in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you you you you you you you you know, well so okay like I mean uh okay take up too much time time time time time time time time in the podcast after that. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're so we're so we're yeah, well like okay um I mean so so so so so so so so uh the internet is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I you you you you you you you you know like well like uh okay uh think now that they can be open open open open open open open open and doing you know, you definitely um well you know so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean see certain couples out there on the interview circuit and making appearances appearances appearances appearances appearances appearances appearances appearances. And so we uh uh um I mean well so uh just want to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about what we found out since the show and how we uh like um you know know know know know know know know you know you know well feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances fragrances fragrances fragrances fragrances fragrances fragrances fragrances well so okay so so I mean uh gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What What What What What What What What makes them unique go to Abercrombie.com and well you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so I mean click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then Then Then Then Then Then Then Then I mean like you had okay so okay like well you know I mean they were were were were were were were were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you I I I I I I I I mean you know so uh um well uh know, and I think there's a larger conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation to be had about, you know, the uh um you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay the death of the black church in the black community. E in the the the the the the the the role you know like like um I mean well um that played in in in in in in in in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't really really really really really really really really hear okay um well uh well uh you know like shouters or belters, belters, belters, belters, belters, belters, belters, belters, you know, there's a few here but every now and so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean you know you know again probably last one is its is is is is is is is is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic. It's like like well like like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just just just just just just just just those okay like um you know so uh you know big voices, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom. Where okay like okay uh so so you know we explore faith and and and and and and and and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another okay you know know know know know know know know I mean like so I mean like installment of Truth and fire the podcast which which which which which which which which picks up or truth and you know uh okay like you know so I I I I I I I I mean fire the block leaves off. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host vetiver and you can find me so well well well well well well well well uh um well okay so at the ER ite etfe you on all all all all all all all all social media platforms. Have you already given uh uh you know so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh up on your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing we're discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing the the the the the the the the biblical approach uh so well like you know okay uh to Fitness and Nutrition. So So So So So So So So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to I mean uh um so well well well well well well well well um like get back on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all all all all all all all all of well well I mean well like so uh this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before hey before hey before hey before hey before hey before hey before hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean well so I mean so the mentorship group as Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a like so okay like uh like like like like like like like like okay mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too too too too too too too too often okay well well I mean I mean so I mean finding that person person person person person person person person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean I mean like find them then on the other side side side side side side side side of the world or is too expensive or okay you know I mean like I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring mentoring mentoring mentoring mentoring mentoring mentoring mentoring people now for over 30 years in um like uh like uh well okay a one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been thinking a so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know well lot about how I can mentor more people people people people people people people people how I can help more people. So I uh you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well I mean have created an online community called the mentorship group here here here here here here here here. You'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be able able able able able able able able to so I mean okay I mean uh well I mean join me live for for for for for for for for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything I mean uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of of of of of of of of the cost you know um okay like you know I mean I mean that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson and uh I mean I mean I mean you know okay um on behalf of of of of of of of of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and well like you know know know know know know know know so so I mean so listening to our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead feel uh you know um um well well uh free to rate and and and and and and and and review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so okay I mean going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana husband here uh well uh well I mean okay um with my friend and clever te te te te te te te te and Gordon today. We will be discussing you know so so uh well um um um um um um um um well brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want want want want want want want want to share our okay well well okay so okay uh excitement about our attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at this well you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like okay as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along along along along along along along along with us I mean I mean okay you know um like uh over the the the the the the the the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing you know know know know know know know know well uh uh well okay well a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything Anything Anything Anything Anything Anything Anything Anything related to the death or something you know like like you know well okay I I I I I I I I mean that we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page page page page page page page page okay I mean so um so I mean well or Whatsapp group our email email email email email email email email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so I'm so okay like like um like well your host Simon and in today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. This is the audio version of um so you know so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay video that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you you you you you you you you like so so uh so you know uh like this show, please do consider leaving us us us us us us us us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would you know um uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching top like uh so like so so okay 10 internet. And in the video today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life um okay um like so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a a a a a a a a uh like I mean um okay you know okay waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for for for for for for for for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli you know uh okay well uh like so so so so so so so so athletes. The hapless the hapless the hapless the hapless the hapless the hapless the hapless hapless hapless hapless hapless hapless hapless hapless the hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh you know you know um terrorist attack. And the murder was just another another another another another another another another blunder by a country attempting to I mean you know I mean like um um um um um um um um you know well conduct Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors By secret agencies and so uh so well so I mean you know here here here here here here here here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um okay okay well the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts like like like like like like like like uh um uh I mean you know well the long-running super interesting and widely widely widely widely widely widely widely widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, like you know uh you you you you you you you you know so well so alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister sister sister sister sister sister sister sister. Wisdom and what art is thanks I mean like well I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you you you you you you you you reached out I mean like okay well so I mean um to me Heidi. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's absolutely it's absolutely it's absolutely it's absolutely it's absolutely it's absolutely it's absolutely it's absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years well so um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean. So I've so I've so I've so I've so so so so so so so so I've so I've so I've so I've been looking forward to this for for for for for for for for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual okay uh uh like you know well well exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests protests protests protests protests protests protests protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal you know okay you know well okay so so so so so so so so I mean of a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex offenders well um I mean okay like um you know if they married their their their their their their their their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in well you you you you you you you you know you know um well okay well January 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new new new new new new new new bill to be introduced. Backpack you know so well uh so like so Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals Internationals new briefing paper. I likes I likes I likes I likes I likes I likes likes likes likes likes likes likes likes I likes I likes these whirring events in its calls for the well well so so so so so so so so so you know like uh government to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly so so so so so so so so like you know um so uh uh podcast and I want to thank you for for for for for for for for listening liking and subscribing as so far so I mean you know um okay I I I I I I I I mean okay and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I I I I I I I I made a so okay you know uh uh okay I mean mistake on the the the the the the the the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she like I mean I I I I I I I I mean well well uh um put out and about be kind and I notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice when I listen back to it that uh I mean like like well well well well well well well well well you know I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not a big big big big big big big big uh uh I mean like like well uh difference, but You know my OCD OCD OCD OCD OCD OCD OCD OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to well so um okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to to to to to to to to do I mean you know you know I mean uh uh um the the the the the the the the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will like well you you you you you you you you know well okay uh uh do it for a week as birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, I mean I mean um well um um um um um um um um I mean uh the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun. Let's say somebody well like you know well uh okay I mean just why is is is is is is is is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name my name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um okay well fat snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of of of of of of of of my conversation with Dan okay um okay um um like okay Bailey where we discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for um I mean you you you you you you you you know like I mean okay so an artist Dan is a drummer music director engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John like well okay um well um so Misty Misty Misty Misty Misty Misty Misty Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series series series series series series series series okay you know okay okay well I mean well that Bailey method Parts one one one one one one one one and two recorded that his own Studio track land um okay uh um well well well well well well well well okay okay in Orange County in part. One Dan one Dan one Dan one Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan one Dan one Dan one Dan one Dan discusses his methods for setting setting setting setting setting setting setting setting up tuning and ultimately like like so like um so like recording a drum drum drum drum drum drum drum drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare uh I mean okay you you you you you you you you know well um so. So you see exactly how he does it with no brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes. It's amazing part two well you know okay well so uh uh Dives little deeper into into into into into into into into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can you can you can you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can check you know like so so so so so so so so so so well you know those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled spelled spelled spelled spelled spelled spelled spelled be a IL e why.com and so um okay uh you know I I I I I I I I mean so check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you hello you hello you hello you hello you hello you hello you hello you you you you you you you you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean uh I mean deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are are are are are are are are I'm one glass of you know, well well so you know uh I mean okay Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is like like like like like like like like I mean you know okay you know so um going to Trader Joe's pick it up up up up up up up up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always on the like like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean like bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to to to to to to to to But it's delicious. Yeah, I mean so so like uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can be like, excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse um I mean uh so you know I mean I mean me. Where's the the the the the the the the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you know Verde white wine um you you you you you you you you know I mean you know so I mean so is green wine. That vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide section which um well so um like like like like like like like like like um is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which is why well well well well well well well well so okay like so so I mean they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank well thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank well thank well thank well thank well thank well thank well thank well um um um um um um um um so like um like um you. My guest my guest my guest my my my my my my my my guest my guest my guest my guest my guest today is a high school friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend and former coworker. She joins um so well so I mean okay okay me me me me me me me me to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am am am am am am am am so um uh uh so okay so you know grateful for this opportunity to spend time with with with with with with with with her and talk about like uh well um you know I mean well her her her her her her her her story and forty three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School School School School School School School School like okay okay like I mean I mean uh. This girl was always smiling. She She She She She She She She had the best sense of humor and I mean well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um was just so fun to be around even to this this this this this this this this day. She is still full uh I mean like uh uh so like like like like like like like like of life and so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love um um um um um um um um so so okay um I mean well for people and her love for Life. Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank I mean so uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like you so much for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you you you you you you you you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you know know know know know know know know well uh I mean well okay okay sitting down with actor on my heart for a a a a a a a a long time. You know him from uh you know so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um these various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power power power power power power power power of like so I mean you know so uh I mean methadone Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things uh you know know know know know know know know you know I mean so so I mean like car. Of a of of of of of of of of a of a of a of a of a of a of a rule rule rule rule rule rule rule rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose wait whose wait whose wait whose wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait whose wait whose wait whose wait whose uh so uh like okay like like farm farm farm farm farm farm farm farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a so so so so so so so so okay so I mean like like um really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey um um um um um um um um um I mean you know so you know um was that you're looking at and and and and and and and and y'all love this so much we had to you um I mean you know know know know know know know know well um you know okay know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what what what what what what what what I'm talking about. What uh like so like okay I mean okay is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this this this this this this this this hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining okay I mean I mean um I mean okay I mean will be when you are are are are are are are are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with Steven watching you know know know know know know know know you know I mean you know so like I mean Darren Doctrine Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on electric. Now. How do so so so so so so so so I mean okay so you know you know so you get electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric now? You download distro TV stir TV Zumo TV and I mean so well well well well well well well well so I mean you know well soon the electric now app and you just have have have have have have have have to pick one. You don't have to um okay you know like uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean have all your not them all of them, but it helps and you can can can can can can can can watch um like like okay well you know okay us on the Electric Electric Electric Electric Electric Electric Electric Electric now channel don't miss us as we bring you the um like you know you you you you you you you you know so like I mean 4:30 movie in your house in person person person person person person person person. Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this this this this this this this this hey, this is Marc a Altman from you know okay okay like you know know know know know know know know you know I mean Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're a James Bond fan, uh so uh you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history I mean uh I mean okay I mean like like like like like like like like like of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and it's okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like uh okay so available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is is is is is is is is Mike like so okay like okay so okay Rankin. I will be your host this time time time time time time time time around and boy. Do we have so okay like like you know so you know a a a a a a a a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow I I I I I I I I mean okay well like I mean I mean well them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris Ludacris Ludacris Ludacris Ludacris Ludacris Ludacris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping so well um so like so well well well well well well well well in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This I mean you know I mean like uh like okay is going to be weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I so well well uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um normally interview other people. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm going to completely screw this up Mike I I I I I I I I mean like well well uh so you know. Appreciate you having me on the the the the the the the the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in okay you know so so like like like like like like like like well okay the basement right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years years years years years years years years and it okay like okay like um well okay really is like a Grassroots thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing that I didn't expect to get as um you know um so well I I I I I I I I mean okay big as it's turned into and now we're you know, we got this this this this this this this this live event well okay like well well uh you know of cork and Kerry the the the the the the the the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying uh um you know um um um um um um um um uh okay I mean out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap nap nap nap nap nap nap nap and we're going you know you know I mean I mean uh uh well well well well well well well well to be going to two shows a week instead of one and it so well well well well well well well well um I mean okay okay uh just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss well okay um well so um like both the Hobby and business sides of collecting collecting collecting collecting collecting collecting collecting collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and I you know okay um like um well well well well well well well well um want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll love. Hello uh well I mean well um you know so everybody and thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want like so uh so so so so so so so so you know okay okay to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? cards cards cards cards cards cards cards No really no really no really no really no really no really no no no no no no no no really no really if the whole card I mean um okay so you know know know know know know know know I mean well industry went away. Do you do you do you do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you think your life would be better or or or or or or or or worse? okay um like um I mean like so I think if you really really really really really really really really stop and think about it and honest answer for some well um okay so so so so so so so so um you know I mean of you would be yes, I'd be better off if if if if if if if if it all went away and for so so okay okay okay uh well others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try like like like like like like like like you know well okay uh okay like make a podcast and better yet. Try Try Try Try Try Try Try Try it on anchor because one it's free, which is okay okay well I mean well so so so so so so so so okay great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast so so so so so so so so like well uh I mean I mean I mean right from your phone or your your your your your your your your computer and after you're done they'll distribute uh okay so well I mean you know know know know know know know know you know your podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So So So So So So So So download so download so download so download so download so download so download so download download download download download download download download the well I mean uh okay so I mean you know free anchor app or or or or or or or or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we well okay um like like like like like like like like you know okay like are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt so uh you know so um like okay Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for for for for for for for for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is so uh okay like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby rugby rugby rugby rugby rugby rugby rugby league like so so well so um uh podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying the game played in more places uh okay okay like well okay like. All right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got I've got I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got a okay you know know know know know know know know okay uh you know well uh very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the like um um um um um um um um you know I mean I mean you know um new website life and football.com. Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once again, once again, once again, once again, once again, once again, once again, once once once once once once once once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks like thanks like thanks like thanks like like like like like like like like thanks like thanks like thanks like thanks like um like so uh like like like like like like like like I mean for listening Williams. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir sir sir sir sir sir sir sir. That okay um so okay so uh so was eight and are behind with a big catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch right there for Wyoming that I mean well like so uh like well was was was was was was was was in a bowl game against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has he has he he he he he he he he has he has he has he has he has he has a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well like you know you know well great story. I'm telling y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs so you know well I mean um um um um um um um um okay um in the country. I love what they have going on over there there there there there there there there. I you know uh okay uh well okay well love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let uh okay so so so uh like me explain it's free. There's a creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and I mean you know um uh um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for you like so well um um I mean um. So it can be heard on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money I mean I mean you you you you you you you you know you know so uh okay from your podcast with no minimum. Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen ship is everything you need to make um well uh you know like like you you you you you you you you know podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to to to to to to to to like well uh um well uh I mean get started. Hi, this hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this is is is is is is is is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to to to to to to to to so uh like so like uh uh you about money, but not just money money money money money money money money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health so so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money money money money money money money money you have I mean well you know like uh well so in your bank bank bank bank bank bank bank bank account. It's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's about it's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional well you know know know know know know know know I mean I mean okay you know you know life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology technology technology technology technology technology technology technology North America's like I mean like uh you know you know I mean largest largest largest largest largest largest largest largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay I mean uh okay so intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch top-notch top-notch top-notch top-notch top-notch top-notch top-notch user experience and have a great selection of well uh um well um um um um um um um um uh um pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to to to to to to to to I mean okay like you know okay well I mean Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they they they they they they they they launched their mining pool in October. So so um well I mean so well like like like like like like like like be sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is is is is is is is is you know uh okay I mean so uh uh chosen to sponsor the show going going going going going going going going into 2020. We would love it if you as like like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know okay listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find find find find find find find find them online at like like like you know like okay like Luxor dot Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech I mean so so so so so so so so so so uh like like Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate podcast the like okay uh uh um you know well best crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto crypto mining podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean um um um um um um um um okay uh uh you know you know okay hash and I are joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof you know so so so so so so so so okay so okay you know so of work projects. We talk about masternodes. We We We We We We We We talk a little bit about Prague pal and like I mean I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into into into into into into into into the crypto uh you know um well like I mean uh space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 acts 3 acts 3 acts 3 acts 3 acts 3 acts 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at at at at at at at at um so like I mean um um I mean the time of prayer at 3:00 in in in in in in in in the afternoon. Now a man who was you know you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well so lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called called called called called called called called Beautiful where he was uh well like well okay I mean so put every every every every every every every every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay like um well well Peter and John about to enter he asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked them for money Peter looks That him uh uh well so you know I I I I I I I I mean I mean as did John then Peter said look at us. So So So So So So So So the man gave them his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York well like I I I I I I I I mean so like I mean like City in the aughts centering around a protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat like well you know like like like like like like like like okay like um fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline decline decline decline decline decline decline decline in like I mean uh so you know um you know wall Street's interest in in in in in in in in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay I mean I mean. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news news news news news news news news piece on South Korea showed row upon um so like I mean um well well well well well well well well okay row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of rice well I mean you know so so I mean like eating peasants, peasants, peasants, peasants, peasants, peasants, peasants, peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit of I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean I mean so uh uh a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments were made when no one else was I mean uh like I mean you you you you you you you you know uh um looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we we we we we we we we already okay okay uh well you know well like had FX in the region but back back back back back back back back in those days. It was almost like you know I mean okay so um you know know know know know know know know so the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast like like like like like like like like uh uh so well okay well back for another week of fun. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the okay so um like uh um um weekend? weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep okay like well well well well well well well well okay I mean so like in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in in in in in in in in Florida. I know I know I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know I know it is rough uh um you know I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain man, you you know um like um okay um like know on Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday. We had we had we had we had we had we had we we we we we we we we had we had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who uh like well well well well well well well well so okay so like killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing I'm playing hide and seek uh so um okay well like um and they they they they they they they they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back um um um um um um um um um uh like um well you know to Florida. It is full of really really really really really really really really really weird people but it also has Disney like I mean okay like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no oh no oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth you know know know know know know know know uh like uh um uh I mean. First of all going to look at at at at at at at at a summary of what happens in seems one okay okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so like and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has has has has has has has has been crowned so so um well um so well King Banquo speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad uh um uh you know know know know know know know know um like well to get the crown. He says I fear that place the most most most most most most most most foully for it uh I mean I mean like okay okay well. I quote still hopes hopes hopes hopes hopes hopes hopes hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He uh okay well you you you you you you you you know so well so calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he he he he he he he he still treats banquet like his best friend well like like I mean you know know know know know know know know um you know. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth and speaks in uh so uh you know um well so another city liquid liquid liquid liquid liquid liquid liquid liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He I he I he I he he he he he he he he I he I he I he I he I mean so so okay okay well well well well well well well well like must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely like like like like like like like like uh um okay so like so. Thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth thus Beth thus Beth thus Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo is a a a a a a a a threat to his crown saying there well okay okay I mean like you know you know know know know know know know know is none but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also um um um um um um um um um like um uh uh uh prophesize the backwards Sons would be Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I um um um um um um um um I mean um okay like okay so don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't want to be like I don't be like you know uh like so so you know know know know know know know know drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self you've you you you you you you you you know uh you know um I mean well so reached episode to my conversation with with with with with with with with my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping self, you so well well well well well well well well okay like uh so like know that my mom is a main character and a a a a a a a a beloved one, but also the like so you know like okay I mean uh source of of of of of of of of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart in my my my my my my my my soul uh okay um well like uh um not because she tries to stir up up up up up up up up trouble but just because she has very strong um like okay I mean well so um um um um um um um um convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life and those beliefs beliefs beliefs beliefs beliefs beliefs beliefs beliefs Map onto like like uh well you know uh so my life the the the the the the the the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey of well so I mean uh um I mean I mean living with terminal cancer has has has has has has has has led me to believe that most of the perceived problems like uh like so like like like like like like like like okay you know and worries going on in our heads could be changed by by by by by by by by embracing. The simple like so you know so well I mean okay fact that that that that that that that that we all only have one life and that none of us are promised promised promised promised promised promised promised promised like you know so uh um so I mean another day on this beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our of our of our of our our our our our our our our of our of our of our of our current health status after like okay I mean you you you you you you you you know you know well well all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or or or or or or or or the relationship that makes you miserable. If you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you know I mean uh well okay um um um um um um um um well you truly felt your life could end next year. Hell no, you'd be out uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know like like like okay doing the things that make you happy and you certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress well I mean you know uh so I I I I I I I I mean uh size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions and like uh like you know you know you know I mean expertise you would would would would would would would would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the easiest okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh so like way to make a podcast. That's all making this this this this this this this this podcast. Anchor gives you I mean okay I mean I mean like uh you you you you you you you you know everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download it I I I I I I I I mean well uh you know uh like okay onto your mobile device or or or or or or or or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well um you know record and edit so your podcast sounds great great great great great great great great and they even distribute your podcast to I mean um you know okay well well well well well well well well so well Spotify. Apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part part part part part part part part you can I mean um like I mean like okay okay easily make money with with with with with with with with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um I mean anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to to to to to to to to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy okay I mean um I mean so I I I I I I I I mean uh and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going you you you you you you you you know like well okay okay I mean um to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly like so I mean um um okay okay Scheib. For those of you you you you you you you you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by my like um uh um I I I I I I I I mean um well co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and and and and and and and and as is okay you know you know like so well you know typical with my life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, we change the plan because there's this little known virus out there um well you you you you you you you you know well like you know so that's causing a lot of noise and we we we we we we we we thought it was incredibly relevant to like like um like well well uh have have have have have have have have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just in, California California California California California California California California. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I yeah, I I mean I mean so um like you know so was and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is originated. I well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like uh like you know think that we need no well, like have you been been been been been been been been watching United States? I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I I I I I I I I okay I okay I okay I mean okay okay well so uh think you you you you you you you you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked looked looked looked looked looked looked looked nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked at you they haven't even I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay like like uh I mean taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I'm glad we've got the experts we have um okay okay uh um you know know know know know know know know I mean here today to talk to us. So today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this and this and this and this and this and and and and and and and and this and this and this is my video coaching newsletter and the uh um um um um um um um um you know um you know so uh topic of today's newsletter is going to be be be be be be be be gaining Clarity and closure. What uh okay you know you know um you you you you you you you you know I mean kind of interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking thanking thanking thanking thanking thanking thanking thanking me for well um um um okay um like my work and telling me how how how how how how how how just in a short period of time. He's you know you know so so so so so so so so I mean like okay like in a situation where I guess his he's been married. And And And And And And And And he's in you know like uh uh so you know like the process of getting a divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks you know well okay like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay ago. He found out she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently so you know well like uh like like. So the interesting thing is he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, like so you know know know know know know know know like you know you know well but the interesting thing is he's hanging out having having having having having having having having fun and hooking up with uh you know uh okay like okay you know know know know know know know know his wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with with with with with with with with like so uh uh I mean you know well only for The Scorch KO Yung Yung Yung Yung Yung Yung Yung Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those um so so well like you you you you you you you you know I mean things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward to getting you know uh well um I mean well um some contest Soma Soma And And And And And And And And it's actually been a long process a few when uh I mean um like uh well well well well well well well well well we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start start start start start start start start a so um uh um okay like you know podcast and four weeks later. We We We We We We We We expect that one is following a few months now and you know so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well you know telling the last year so but interesting how we we we we we we we we actually got go to my so I mean uh so like like you know know know know know know know know I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of so so so so so so so so like like so well I mean so weird one were both jumping on the train train train train train train train train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it up up up up up up up up permanently. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't um um um um um um um um um well um you know so I mean all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and nasty place and I you know okay like like you know well so don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean you know you know I mean okay and keep you there there there there there there there there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna uh you know know know know know know know know uh I mean okay well well hit as hard as life, but it ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't about how hard you hit it's about um um uh uh you know uh you you you you you you you you know how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much much much much much much much much you um okay you know I mean like um I mean can take and keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if well, if well, if if if if if if if if well, if well, if well, if well, if well, if like so you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth. But so so so like well uh so you gotta be willing to take the the the the the the the the hits and not pointing fingers saying you well you know you know so okay um um um um um um um um um ain't where you wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards cowards cowards cowards cowards cowards cowards cowards do that you know you know like um you know like like. And that that that that that that that that ain't you you better than that. It's about how hard you can like like like like like like like like well um you know well I mean well get hit and keep moving forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were those were those were those were those were those were those were those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We um um um um um um um um I mean like well like uh okay know it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Drew Drew Drew Drew Drew Drew Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're and we're and we're and we're and and and and and and and and we're and we're and we're and we're so um uh okay like okay I I I I I I I I mean I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the so the so the so the the the the the the the the so the so the so the so the quick podcast quick turnaround in what okay you you you you you you you you know so like okay um so three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will you know well uh um well you you you you you you you you know like be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday here uh you know uh uh I mean like okay week Monday here. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got I got I got I I I I I I I I got I got I got I got I got my um um okay well um um um um um um um um so so week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, I don't know what that that that that that that that that means like I mean I mean uh okay so okay. It's something political and and and and and and and and shaking his head at me. It's not it's not it's not it's not it's not not not not not not not not it's not it's not it's not super Tuesday. Oh, well uh uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is this is this is this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is the fifth episode uh like so so so so so so so so um you know so uh. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is not able to join I mean uh uh like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like this week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain Spain Spain Spain Spain Spain Spain Spain. What up you know like so like um you know like Christian are you you you you you you you you doing? But this week we have three very special guests well you know uh I I I I I I I I mean well um so from Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what what what what what what what what up, dude and Nicole okay I mean you know you know like well um and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from you know know know know know know know know uh like like uh okay uh the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked the state of Kentucky. She uh well like well so uh so was found on her her her her her her her her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one well okay you you you you you you you you know I mean well so okay man confessed to the crime but was never never never never never never never never convicted what really happened to Betty you know like well like um I mean um um um um um um um um Gale Brown that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders okay I I I I I I I I mean so so I mean well so free on Spotify or Wherever you get get get get get get get get your podcasts. Due to due to due to due to due to due to to to to to to to to due to due to the graphic nature of this so like I mean you you you you you you you you know well okay uh murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and and and and and and and and discussions of murder and assault I mean well so um um um I mean that that that that that that that that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On On On On On On On On an on an on an on an on an on an on an on an an an an an an an an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with um so so so so so so so so you know like I mean okay so the layer Aid conference which is happening for for for for for for for for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 well so well um you know like like like like like like like like uh in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer the layer the layer the layer the layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer the layer the layer the layer a conference is the first one to solely focus on on on on on on on on like um so uh okay uh okay social engineering and open source intelligence or osint osint osint osint osint osint osint osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators always seemed so okay so you know know know know know know know know um um well to have a great story. Re and you can hear many many many many many many many many of those stories so uh uh so like uh so through their presentations at at at at at at at at the conference, but not every story can fill a whole like uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so so presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings brings brings brings brings brings brings brings us here uh um well well I mean well uh. This podcast will only be stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides no slides no slides slides slides slides slides slides slides slides no slides no slides no slides no slides no slides um well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even even even even even even even even go for so you know like I mean um like so 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay so so so so so so so so uh um so um well um or reflect those of the company and its management for for for for for for for for their more the views and opinions I mean I mean um okay um you know know know know know know know know you know of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This This This This This This This This well this well this well this well this well this well this well this well well well well well well well well um okay I mean you know uh uh is the show that explores the far ends ends ends ends ends ends ends ends of human experience. And today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today and today and today we're well like you know I mean I mean you you you you you you you you know you know looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of of of of of of of of the 20th century. It's a like I mean you know like I mean you know know know know know know know know like story about for men and for women who are locked inside this this this this this this this this enormous like um like so so you know okay glass dome for two years just to see see see see see see see see what would happen. And as uh uh I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know well uh you'd imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I I I I I I I I think okay so well I mean well like so things started to get a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month so so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well um Mark. I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think we all knew instinctively that if if if if if if if if ever anybody opened up physically to well um okay okay uh I mean um um um um um um um um anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I I I I I I I I you know okay you know you know um I mean so want to be your your your your your your your your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to um well like okay um um um um um um um um um like you from multiple States. Got it and a couple of of of of of of of of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and and and and and and and and it's okay I mean so so you know I mean well time. I love love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love cast Edition Edition Edition Edition Edition Edition Edition Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it so well like I mean you you you you you you you you know okay well. You sound you sound you sound you sound you sound you you you you you you you you sound you sound you sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're like you're like you're like you're like you're like you're like you're like you're like welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to like like you know um well um uh another episode of I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new okay I mean you you you you you you you you know so I mean uh um studio yet because we had a little little little little little little little little bit of a hangout if you watch um so well um um so so so so so so so so okay the Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to to to to to to to to this a okay uh like I mean uh I mean well few weeks ago ago ago ago ago ago ago ago we found Mice in our basement. So we had to put our you know know know know know know know know I mean uh so so you know um project on hold for a few few few few few few few few while we get rid of that. But in but in but in but in but but but but but but but but in but in but in but in the meantime okay like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um I mean now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded a podcast in three so like so you know like uh you know different different different different different different different different places. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them uh uh you know like like like like like like like like like okay well so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen you in like I mean okay okay like I mean I mean so a week week week week week week week week and a half sure. We have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and well well well well well well well well uh so I mean like you know like this episode is recapping reviewing the the the the the the the the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina well um you know so so so so so so so so like okay um season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend and I mean uh I mean well well well okay don't forget guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys stick around for the any because we are going to go I mean um um um um um um um um well okay you know so um through our recap roundups. Our best moments are are are are are are are are best lines of the episode. So be sure so you know uh well you know know know know know know know know you know um to stick around for that. We also have our contest going going going going going going going going on right now for a chance like okay uh so well I mean you know to win a a a a a a a a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just well well like like like like like like like like I mean well okay so written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered entered entered entered entered entered entered entered in the draw. We're um well I mean um uh um I mean extending this this this this this this this this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots like you know know know know know know know know so uh so so um of time as always to or containing listeners in in in in in in in in a brand new ones. Thank you okay like you know okay okay so so so so so so so so so for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get get get get get get get get into well uh well well like I mean you know the episode. Yo, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? It was so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay uh I mean um it was good? It was it was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was really really really really really really really really good. They're a they're a they're a they're a they're a they're a they're a a a a a a a a they're a couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But But But But But But But But yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex um um like like like like like like like like um you know well um and Sarah Franklin bring on comedians to to to to to to to to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own you know so uh so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well Journey with Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first first first first first first first first women get um you know I mean I mean I mean like like eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all all all all all all all all well uh okay um like like you know week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This This This This This This This This episode uh I mean well okay you know well you know includes discussions of of of of of of of of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We so um like I I I I I I I I mean uh well um advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day day day day day day day day in the mid-1960s so uh okay well uh um well at Bass Lake the California Hells Hells Hells Hells Hells Hells Hells Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The you know so okay well okay well well well well well well well well okay Unofficial leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as well well well well well well well well um uh um like okay um president of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend in his own right at least uh um um uh so you know you know know know know know know know know. That's what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Hells Hells Hells Hells Hells Hells Hells Angels well uh you know I mean so like uh flag. It featured it featured featured featured featured featured featured featured featured it featured it featured it featured it featured it featured it featured a redesigned logo logo logo logo logo logo logo logo that had been strung up by some members I mean you know you know know know know know know know know um well well so of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and so so so so so so so so you know well like like I mean like other religions and their sacred sacred sacred sacred sacred sacred sacred sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent you know well so um um um um um um um um like um uh religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a a a a a a a a friend while you know like I mean like uh well well listening to to the the the the the the the the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I mean uh I mean um um um um um um um um well you know I mean I highly recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and and and and and and and and blew out one well okay um so uh I mean okay of the speakers in in in in in in in in my car. My current workload prevents me from getting it I mean I mean you you you you you you you you know I mean okay um well replaced. So instead so instead so instead so so so so so so so so instead so instead so instead so instead so instead of Music I've had to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to stuff that is still okay I mean so I mean um you know know know know know know know know like enjoyable when it's only coming out of one of the two stereo channels so so so so so so so so okay you know uh um so you know um podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to like well okay um um um well Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors the you know you know I mean so I mean um I mean best best best best best best best best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put put put put put put put put it um like well so uh you know uh out on Spotify put out on on on on on on on on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use okay well okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've used used used used used used used used other platforms, and well well so okay so okay um I'm so happy I stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign I mean um like um so so um up up up up up up up up with anchor if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if like I I I I I I I I mean well I mean uh I mean well you're interested as well. Hey, what's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's the the the the the the the the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that like so you you you you you you you you know um you know well uh partner has another partner that person by the way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, for those of like you know okay okay uh well so you don't know know know know know know know know has a special term. It's called metamour. That is that is that is that is that is is is is is is is is that is that is that is the special word for okay so you know I I I I I I I I mean okay okay um your partner's partner. So your so your so your so so so so so so so so your so your so your so your so your partner's dating someone or or or or or or or or in a relationship with someone like okay you know well you know you know well well well well well well well well you're in a relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and and and and and and and and like you know so well uh um um you want to know this person. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe you want to To be friends with well well like um so like like them. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like so okay can be on such good terms with your metamour that that that that that that that that the two of you well I mean you know like uh okay so could could could could could could could could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee like like like like like like like like I mean well so um so so and hang out. Maybe you want to to to to to to to to be besties and you know gang up on well okay like like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean your partner from time to time or have threesomes or whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in in in in in in in in conversation okay so okay you know I mean I mean uh episode with creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing an you know so so so so so so so so uh um okay so you know action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle and to find out what um okay so okay okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have previously known known known known known known known known so I mean well um um like well Zach is one of one of the the the the the the the the OG Neverland boys a group of creatives who like like okay you know know know know know know know know uh well okay were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to to to to to to to to me. Welcome to the podcast Zach uh okay you know you know um well well a a a a a a a a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach so Zach so Zach so Zach so so so so so so so so Zach so Zach so Zach so Zach and I actually met at Sanda um um um um um um um um I mean I mean okay well well like coffee. That's probably where we we we we we we we we meet. A lot of people these days. Yeah, you okay so I mean well well well well well well well well so um so should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of people people people people people people people people come through and like um so uh well well well sort of asked what we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You got I mean so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay um a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show like you you you you you you you you know okay I mean I mean okay okay notes in a hotel room me me me me me me me me they always have those Bibles and and well well like like I mean like like like like like like like like um I opened it. I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was I was I was I was reading it through and it said if well well well well well well well well I mean uh so uh I mean you know anyone ever comes to you saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm uh like okay you you you you you you you you know well so you know thought thinking you kind of have that habit of of of of of of of of of of telling us all is um like you know well okay I mean you know know know know know know know know well and your own words. And so okay. So what I'm getting at well I I I I I I I I mean uh okay like uh well is are there good angels and bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad angels and we want to remind you you know so you know okay I I I I I I I I mean okay okay that that there is a stream of well-being which you are are are are are are are are allowing or not uh um um so okay I mean I mean. And And And And And And And And what and what and what and what and what and what and what and what what what what what what what what we've noticed about any who for whatever reason are standing in a place where where where where where where where where they well well okay like well you know so are not allowing their alignment with with with with with with with with that stream of well-being because not being in okay so you know so I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean vibrational alignment with the well-being that is so you is is is is is is is is so painful from that well uh well well I mean uh um painful place place place place place place place place. That's always that's always that's always that's always that's always that's always that's always that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful hello, beautiful hello, beautiful hello, beautiful hello, beautiful hello, beautiful hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, beautiful hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a a a a a a a a lotta so I mean you know um so so I mean gibberish. I'll be your host and and and and and and and and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be okay like you you you you you you you you know you know well I mean I mean here with you today. And in and and and and and and and and in and in and in and in and in and in and in this episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth you know I mean uh I mean um well well well well well well well well I mean. How did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all all all all all all all all about you know you know you know okay okay um I mean so over the the the the the the the the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I was uh like okay well well well well well well well well so like like thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and and and and and and and and when I started the uh well uh okay so um so semester I I I I I I I I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was also looking for an initiative you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know I mean you know well and I was feeling very stressed stressed stressed stressed stressed stressed stressed stressed and very anxious and I realized that a lot like like uh like um um um um um um um um okay I mean of my friends were also feeling like this because we're obviously we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're very well well um um like so like young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I I I I I I I I well I mean you know you know well um okay wanted to let you all know that that that that that that that that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network well like like so um like okay front leg leg leg leg leg leg leg leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, I am am am am am am am am so like uh I mean well I mean like both a reader of and and and and and and and and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance is not uh like so like like like like like like like like so like so necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of of of of of of of of genre. Fiction so well like okay okay I mean okay and Anyone who reads reads reads reads reads reads reads reads and or writes romance knows the value of self-care. So we're well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay I mean okay really excited to be a part of this community. If you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're into romance in any flavor you know I mean uh um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one of my my my my my my my my very I mean well okay well well you know uh favorite podcast smart bitches bitches bitches bitches bitches bitches bitches bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing like uh you you you you you you you you know um you know uh I mean a million. I have been on it it it it it it it it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about about about about about about about about I mean like you know uh you know you know um the world world world world world world world world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the you know okay I I I I I I I I mean uh okay I mean I mean most notorious subjects every week in addition to your your your your your your your your normal Crimes of Passion episode so um you know well well so you know know know know know know know know. We're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected like like uh uh well so um short clips from some of our our our our our our our our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas uh you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like like. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True True True True True True True True Crime world really is well um um okay um you know okay you you you you you you you you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen um um um um um um um um um I mean uh um you know um to podcasts a list list list list list list list list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today like um so so so so so so so so I mean like I mean so. We're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you you you you you you you you so you know well you know well um I mean here we've had some some some some some some some some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you guys uh you know you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean like um have enjoyed those but it's just us today today today today today today today today. We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are here at 7:00 I mean I mean so like you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally you know know know know know know know know you know so okay okay well okay literally make the goal every morning to wake wake wake wake wake wake wake wake up at 5:00. Like this like this like this like this like this like this this this this this this this this like this like this like uh um like like uh like is some sight sight sight sight sight sight sight sight. It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was six was was was was was was was was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 okay okay um okay well you know know know know know know know know well and we just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it it it it it it it it everyday though so you know well well uh like well. Sometimes eat we cannot something something something something something something something something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with with with with with with with with I mean well uh so well you know like us again. And it's the whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole crew here today and we're going to do uh so like okay so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh this ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that that that that that that that that okay uh so okay uh okay well we've been at this for a a a a a a a a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something so so so so so so so so like so you know okay so you know. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need need need need need need need need the fact Checkers out there to so well well so um okay well correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak speak speak speak speak speak speak speak like you know okay so okay I mean like for yourself. Awesome, we awesome, we we we we we we we we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we correct each each each each each each each each other in the course of the show, but that just you know well uh like like like like like like like like well well uh has because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of come from wherever okay um I mean like like I mean so we we we we we we we we are and we sit down and and I think most of the time we do do do do do do do do so um um you know I mean so well catch each other but Caitlin someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I I I I I I I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I mean well like well like uh uh glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you got got got got got got got got me well like okay I mean so you know so last week on Warfield Warfield Warfield Warfield Warfield Warfield Warfield Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet mullet mullet mullet mullet mullet mullet mullet. Yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late so I I I I I I I I mean you know like like you know well. I was I was I was I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but but but but but but but but last week I came to New I mean so so well okay uh uh Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was it was it was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was just a a a a a a a a lot of stuff going on so you know well well um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and I could have recorded like the days after but I had so much much much much much much much much shit okay like well I mean okay um uh like a dentist's appointment. I I I I I I I I had to go get my pap. Smear I have errands so you know um you know know know know know know know know okay well okay to run I was linking with people that I see in a a a a a a a a while. Basically, I like so I mean you know like um like really really really really really really really really didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans and my mom house house house house house house house house and um so I mean I mean like so um then my brother's over here here here here here here here here and nephews and it be loud like I'm finally recording because now okay well I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean like uh I'm finally in my house and no no no no no no no no one's here right now, which is like um uh okay I mean uh like like like like like like like like kind of rare. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm trying to record before somebody try to come come come come come come come come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna you know know know know know know know know you know like um uh well so and my name is Stacy. We're twin twin twin twin twin twin twin twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping you know you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um like it raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware beware beware beware beware beware beware beware we do talk about scientific topics okay like I mean so uh like well well well well well well well well that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode on speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers I mean like so uh um you know I mean. Also, please note when when when when when when when when you have a sample known truth because I said being a so so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um I mean mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at at at at at at at at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed by our um okay um I mean uh um um um um um um um um like guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay now that's uh uh you know well uh you know okay weird. It's time it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time to to to to to to to to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 86, I I mean okay okay uh okay okay okay believe I can never keep track its its its its its its its its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom one boom one boom one boom one boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom one boom one boom one boom one so well well like like okay okay for for for for for for for for one. Love it. Justin Anderson justin Anderson justin Anderson justin Anderson justin Anderson justin justin justin justin justin justin justin justin Anderson justin Anderson justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so well I mean your intro on the snap. It's there wait for for for for for for for for your intro next time you know you know you know you know um okay you you you you you you you you know. That's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining us via Skype in um so so well uh you know like the maritimes. How's How's How's How's How's How's How's How's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it it it it it it it it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm uh so okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like like like like like like like like almost well like um okay uh like so always cloudy, but you can tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell it's like this warm muggy ish that well so um you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay weather that we're used to being known for out here. It's weird. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like it's like it's so like okay you know um um you know been been been been been been been been positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like so I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay like like uh that. Well, it well, it well, it it it it it it it it well, it well, it well, it well, it well, it sucks here so good for you you you you you you you you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This This This This This This This This episode uh um um you know I mean you know well includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for for for for for for for for I mean uh um well uh like okay children under 13. There's something magical magical magical magical magical magical magical magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home for so you know you know know know know know know know know uh okay um you know the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air air air air air air air air and the snow-covered I mean um uh so uh well uh World feels like a a a a a a a a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league well um uh okay like like like like like like like like well you know Gothic architecture. It's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun it's fun it's fun it's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap swap swap swap swap swap swap swap stories about like you know well you know so uh um your Traditions eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the you know I mean like like like like like like like like well uh you know you know idea of a walk to the corner store store store store store store store store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems well seems well seems well seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems well seems well seems well seems well seems well well okay um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well um like well like. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I I I I I I I I came back with hot dogs you know um you know so um um um um um um um um um um for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at at at at at at at at the space amusement uh uh okay so I mean like you know park is one of of of of of of of of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee was I mean uh I mean um um um um um um um um um well well like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We We We We We We We We all um well like so um okay so know are you get what you have have have have have have have have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, um you know uh so well I I I I I I I I mean so I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves funnel cake well um uh so okay um so more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting well well well well well well well well um uh I mean um you know so down the top 31 Sports scandals of of of of of of of of the past 31 years in uh like like I mean you know you know like like like like like like like like today's episode we go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ remember OJ OJ OJ OJ OJ OJ OJ OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ Simpson's well well um um um um um um um um I mean you know okay I mean criminal trial where he was acquitted acquitted acquitted acquitted acquitted acquitted acquitted acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also um uh well like uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh had another trial two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure you know well well well well well well well well like so I mean like uh to come back tomorrow for more shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking sports events from history on our March so uh I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know. Edna special as always you can listen free on Spotify or or or or or or or or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions okay I mean I mean okay so like like like like like like like like so of viewers had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households households households households households households households households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can everyone can can can can can can can can everyone can everyone can everyone can everyone can everyone can everyone can introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce himself to brew well so you know you know you know um okay ducky. Trey Trey Trey Trey Trey Trey Trey Trey badass trey badass trey badass trey badass trey badass trey badass trey trey trey trey trey trey trey trey badass trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know so okay last few precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Waking Waking Waking Waking Waking Waking Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again I mean well like okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and again when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments increments increments increments increments increments increments increments of you know so you know uh I mean like you know sleep you drag drag drag drag drag drag drag drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you um so uh like like like like like like like like well okay um scroll through ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist dentist dentist dentist dentist dentist dentist dentist appointment this week um um you know okay okay like so as you dress you ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the like uh you know well like okay um um um um um um um um cold programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the the the the the the the the um okay like I mean you know um like precise temperature you don't remember exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you so well um like um so okay remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember it was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean uh so I mean. And today we have a very very very very very very very very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis so well you know um well well well well well well well well so you know and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential differential differential differential differential differential differential differential targeted Multiplex like you know okay well so so okay waveform chronic pain and and and and and and and and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are not aware of okay so so so so so so so so um uh um you know like dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man man man man man man man man the myth the legend behind stem like like well uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Pain Pain Pain Pain Pain Pain Pain uh I mean you know you know okay okay I mean Center. And for the record record record record record record record record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the I mean so well so I I I I I I I I mean okay you know research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean like like so like doubt Health podcast. My name my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name my name is Derrick Derrick Derrick Derrick Derrick Derrick Derrick Derrick teal. I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the I'm the owner and operator of like okay uh like you know well well well well well well well well okay dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic is all about okay like um okay like okay so why circuit workouts are are are are are are are are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an like so like so so so so so so so so like okay you know underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this this this this this this this this idea because he noticed that I mean like um you know you know well well most most most most most most most most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like so um out our mixed in some form of a circuit. So So So So So So So So you want to know why I mean okay uh okay uh um uh that is is is is is is is is. Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? style style style style style style style like well well you know um you know so What is that? So So So So So So So So we're going to break down the science and we're also going to um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well well like I mean break down some reality because you know, all the the the the the the the the science in the world. Sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't sometimes can't sometimes can't I mean like well uh so um well get around real real real real real real real real life factors. I think I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think I think I think so, we'll talk about both and you know okay um um um um um um um um uh uh you know I mean then really why I choose to do them and and and and and and and and why I do believe that it like so uh like like okay okay is optimal for for for for for for for for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And And And And And And And And as you know okay uh like well uh uh you can see, my energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy is on such a different level than it was for well um um um okay like like like like like like like like so episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had I had I I I I I I I I had I had I had I had I had I had got so many many many many many many many many great um like so uh uh like I mean compliments on episode 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio this audio this audio this audio this audio this audio this this this this this this this this audio this audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download like um um um um um um um um I mean so you know so I mean our app today and get access to to to to to to to to thousands of free book and audio book well well well you know so so I mean summaries on personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out um um uh so you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean or commuting to work and get the key insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights of books in minutes well um like well I mean so um instead of hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free um like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um uh today. Summary of the Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine written by Alicia so I mean I mean okay I mean like um Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah well I mean so okay well well okay fine was overweight shy and often often often often often often often often sat in visible in the back of the I mean okay okay well I I I I I I I I mean like you know class. It was when her third grade classmate Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita Rita passed out invites to her you know um okay you know I mean like like like like like like like like uh birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio skinwalker radio skinwalker radio skinwalker radio skinwalker radio skinwalker radio skinwalker radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your your your your your your your your like I mean uh you know like I mean you know own podcast, but but but but but but but but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is uh uh like well well well well well well well well okay you know you know the way to do it. That's actually what what what what what what what what we use to host this podcast um um like uh okay well I mean. So So So So So So So So if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we um you know know know know know know know know so um well you know okay just download our audio upload it into anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor and anchor does the rest you just so you know well okay you know know know know know know know know um so hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as as as as as as as as Spotify Apple iTunes Google so okay well like I mean you know you you you you you you you you know Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of okay I I I I I I I I mean uh like you know well um All it's free. So go go go go go go go go so go so go so go so go so go so go so go to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app you know you know you know know know know know know know know I mean um so well on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker Skinwalker Skinwalker Skinwalker Skinwalker Skinwalker Skinwalker Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each well well like uh um okay you know and every every every every every every every every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this without without without without without without without without you know uh I mean so um so so you. So be so be so so so so so so so so be so be so be so be so be so be sure at the the the the the the the the end of the show to leave a review join so so um okay you you you you you you you you know um like the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the the the the the the the the pertinent Links okay well uh well you know you know okay at the bottom. So today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean like uh well. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and you know I mean like okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast uh I mean uh you know so I mean you know for you. So So So So So So So So it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more uh well uh you know well well well well well well well well I mean I mean you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need okay like well I mean so okay so to make a a a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like um like okay uh to get arted Penis, hello everybody and and and and and and and and welcome to the speaking for the bag okay I mean well you know know know know know know know know like uh uh podcast today on our show. We have we it's called called called called called called called called speaking for the bag. We so like like so I mean I mean I I I I I I I I mean have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the the the the the the the the name of my podcast. Have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do you you you you you you you you know so you know uh okay like well some workouts at home, if if if if if if if if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle so like like like like like like like like like so so uh like to find the time or if you travel a lot then then then then then then then then you need this plan. Now, you know uh uh well I mean um um um um um um um um I mean I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again again again again again again again again. Been Ogden dot uh I mean like I mean so like uh code at at at at at at at at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists of three workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts I mean I mean uh I mean so like like every single week all different workouts. You You You You You You You You also get access to the audio trainer app you know so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh okay. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every single exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise on so you know so so um I mean well the plant. No No No No No No No No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might get a okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean I mean I mean chair up some point, but very very very very very very very very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you I mean um um I mean like so so so so so so so so you know can find around the house. And so if you answered yes to to to to to to to to any of uh so well well like like you know them questions at the the the the the the the the start go and get the planet is also 50% off I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so like um I mean okay go. So today so today so so so so so so so so today so today so today so today so today so today came across something something something something something something something something pretty special. Let's just make this one on well um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like I mean. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last last last last last last last last week I decided you know, like okay I mean well um um like hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, you know well uh I mean okay well um here we go. My favorite guide The The The The The The The The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, I mean well I mean well well well well well well well well like I mean well yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite wrestler since a young um so okay um well okay okay child mean my my my my my my my my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we well okay well I I I I I I I I mean um so you know watch WWE, so the Can always been like like like like like like like like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want want want want want want want want to um so I mean uh so so okay share something that I'm dealing with with with with with with with with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of funny uh well I mean um you you you you you you you you know well um actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of of of of of of of of my last Whatever you uh like okay uh like well I mean want to call call call call call call call call it one of my last pump and dumps that I dealt with um um um um um um um um like uh uh like well um before I went Monk. And a father to to to to to to to to a woman about my age that I well like so um I I I I I I I I mean so I mean met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the the the the the the the the dumbass fucking dating so so um well I mean um um sites online dating dating dating dating dating dating dating dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the first mistake and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um I mean I mean so I mean we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're so you know like uh so I mean you know up to episode 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting through so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well I mean so these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a a a a a a a a lot of different you know um you know um uh I mean you know people people people people people people people people. And today and today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today and today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle um so you know you know like okay you know of grand obsessions Irwin Irwin Irwin Irwin Irwin Irwin Irwin Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for you know okay so like like like like like like like like um um so having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to I mean um you know you know um well well us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end you you you you you you you you know well you know so okay I mean you know. Oh, no. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your okay you know well I I I I I I I I mean um um you know Saving Grace Lord and repent of sins. All right, you you you you you you you you know what? Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode today's episode today's episode I mean uh uh you know uh like um is about it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're well well well well well well well well we're well we're well we're well we're well we're well we're well we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're well um okay um like uh well nearing the beginning of Doc season. So we're going to to to to to to to to say that after today's episode so you know okay you know okay uh well. There There There There There There There There will be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following following following following following following following following you know uh like okay you know uh okay that way gonna start all all all all all all all all the scripts. Geez. I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I I I I I I I I didn't I didn't get a I mean I mean well so I mean well well well well well well well well like script shit, you know where else far far away where it takes takes takes takes takes takes takes takes us months to uh well well I mean I mean well so create new merch merch merch merch merch merch merch merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay I mean I mean popping / stores / bogomil new March go get get get get get get get get yours now. That's it. You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you you you you you you you you guys you guys you guys okay like um like you know okay uh are super cheap ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom. Doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well okay okay well um shit together. We got that shit together together together together together together together together with the help of Jackie for so well you know okay okay okay um Designing it it it it it it it it. Thank you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh so I mean so uh. Love you. There's so many different different different different different different different different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo like uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like like. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess vigeland the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh well like okay okay host of the think with Google podcast. And in this this this this this this this this show, we're going to I mean um you know like well uh so explore the the the the the the the the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay ahead well well well well well well well well you know I mean you know you know okay I mean of of of of of of of of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops on on on on on on on on March I mean well so uh like um you know 5th. You can listen on on on on on on on on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma is reply uh well well well well well well well well uh well you know well so all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks Socks Socks Socks Socks Socks Socks Socks mmm I'm going to tell you I mean so like um well um okay a story story story story story story story story that I think you sort of remember but maybe don't know so like so like like like like like like like like okay okay uh the details of okay, so last spring I went to to to to to to to to a therapist because I was you know uh okay okay okay uh you know know know know know know know know having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to this therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist uh well okay so I mean you know uh. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome everyone welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good good good good good good good good stuff Episode okay um you know so like so you know 22 of Darren Darren Darren Darren Darren Darren Darren Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to people you know you know know know know know know know know um well I mean well uh much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by by by by by by by by a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes so um um so so like well well well well well well well well. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm on I'm on on on on on on on on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean so well I mean so first amount of often the focus focus focus focus focus focus focus focus. Thank you very much for having me alone well so um okay like like like like like like like like like like. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own own own own own own own own medicine because you you know um um you know okay uh well run run run run run run run run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go on um so so so so so so so so I mean I mean you know well like. Give us a call directly directly directly directly directly directly directly directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be somebody so um well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give it it it it it it it it my like well you know so like okay well best real lovely. I also also also also also also also also feel bad as well because obviously this morning you were on you know know know know know know know know so well um um like uh the road. It was it was it was it was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was on a phone in or do you you you you you you you you have to go to um I mean okay I mean you know well like like like like like like like like Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house. So I so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I was reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading up everybody I mean uh like I mean uh you know I mean who's with with with with with with with with her International Women's Day events, and I was on really well stir uh so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like um with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and you know like I I I I I I I I mean so like okay so I'm here to tell you about our family what what what what what what what what you guys the reason why you like uh I mean uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform for anybody out okay well uh I mean uh so okay there who is trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice heard out there well well so so so so so so so so um so okay well. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally the easiest way to uh uh well I mean you know okay you know know know know know know know know make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation tools that that that that that that that that allow well you know okay I mean so well I mean you to record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer anchor will okay I I I I I I I I mean okay so uh I mean I mean also distribute your podcast for you. So you you you you you you you you can be heard on Spotify Apple so like well like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not not not not not not not not even pushing uh so um like um okay I mean you could really make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you know you know know know know know know know know well well okay um uh you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come Come Come Come Come Come Come Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch yeah, watch yeah, watch yeah, watch yeah, watch yeah, watch yeah, watch yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come so I I I I I I I I mean like I mean I mean okay you know from today's guests are love love love love love love love love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO um so I mean um like um um um um um um um um um of the gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising um like like like like like like like like okay okay like well you know agencies and on the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie Ogilvie Ogilvie Ogilvie Ogilvie Ogilvie Ogilvie Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working okay like like you know uh like uh on on on on on on on on a masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so like like so as a copywriter and then worked as a journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist journalist in the marketing trade World so like okay uh um so like. They joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming you know okay well you know okay so uh weeks. Here are a couple highlights from from from from from from from from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted you know like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh like to start the gradient. And what we want to do is is is is is is is is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just just just just just just just just jokes like uh okay so well well okay listeners before we get into this this this this this this this this episode. I'd like to take a moment like um I mean like I I I I I I I I mean you know so to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a like I mean okay like like like like like like like like okay uh you know podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why that's why why why why why why why why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why we we we we we we we we use it. There's uh there's uh there's uh there's uh there's uh there's uh there's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh there's uh like well well so okay like a creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your um uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well well phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your your your your your your your your pockets for you can you know well uh I mean so like so be be be be be be be be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your your your your your your your your okay you know okay um well well um podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in like I mean you you you you you you you you know uh you know I mean okay one place download the free a a a a a a a a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F you know so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean like m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works works works works works works works works. That was good you know um well uh you know like okay cool. I I I I I I I I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory victory. Victory Victory Victory Victory Victory Victory Victory Victory so uh you know okay okay um well you say master Obi-Wan not victory the the the the the the the the shroud of the dark side Has Fallen Begun well you know okay like I I I I I I I I mean um I mean the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the the the the the the the the last missions. This is a I mean I mean you know well so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast series chronicling the final season of Star okay like well you you you you you you you you know you know like um Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very very very very very very very very excited okay okay I mean I mean I mean uh uh. It's 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 Towers weekend. And we've and we've and we've and we've and we've and we've and we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've and we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in you know so so so so so so so so I mean like I mean I mean you know the world here in the the the the the the the the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu I mean I mean you you you you you you you you know um well I mean well grand champion and probably one of the best best best best best best best best foilers in the world. He does like okay you know well like well well well well well well well well um a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today today today today today today today today um you know like okay well um okay is not just because he's a champion champion champion champion champion champion champion champion off the water, but he's done um so I mean like so uh well well well well well well well well some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome I mean well I mean so you know uh so to Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. So like like like like like like like like uh I mean I mean you know okay like you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on so you know okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really really really really really really really really excited. It was looking you know you know you know well okay okay I I I I I I I I mean not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around around around around around around around around and they like I mean I mean you know uh uh okay grinding going going going going going going going going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh okay like like okay name is AC. All right everyone. We're here here here here here here here here. We have a crew here today well um you know I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean. We have Rebecca. We have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have AC and we have myself. So we we we we we we we we um, this uh so I mean um so so like is an interesting podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast because this is going to be take two because we uh you know know know know know know know know uh okay well you know well so I was sick two weeks ago. I was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was sick two weeks ago. So I mean okay okay you know um I mean uh it it it it it it it it didn't do one then and last week we did a podcast and you okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like you know I mean um always have to have that one one one one one one one one podcast where you don't hit record. And so and so and so and and and and and and and and so and so and so and so and so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing like like like like like like like like you know I mean so uh you know I mean it in a Dugout canoe canoe canoe canoe canoe canoe canoe canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men the men the men the men men men men men men men men the men the men the men the men of Lewis you know um okay so so so so so so so so uh like well and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks banks banks banks banks banks banks banks of the um so like so you know well well Missouri River. It was was was was was was was was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the okay so I mean um um um um um um um um like like well sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder intruder intruder intruder intruder intruder intruder intruder was in their midst I mean um like you know okay I mean well. Under Under Under Under Under Under Under Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat that that that that that that that that you know like um well so um I mean had been hung up to to to to to to to to dry. If it if it if it if it if it if it if it it it it it it it it if it decided it wanted to uh you know uh like okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean snack on some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming looming looming looming looming looming looming looming I mean you know okay so uh uh okay danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know like like like like like like like like well so I mean like I mean well that our podcast is supported supported supported supported supported supported supported supported by anchor. That's right. If you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you if you if you if you haven't heard like you know um well well well well well well well well you know um um about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free well um okay uh I mean so I mean. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from uh well so so so so so so so so uh you know well so your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from from from from from from from from my phone as we speak. Anchor like uh like uh like like well Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry your sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on okay like like like like like like like like you know uh I mean I mean like Spotify Apple podcasts and many more more more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no I mean okay okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need need need need need need need need to make podcast you know um uh like okay well you know in one place download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot well well I mean like um um um um um um um um so okay. F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons Walk-Ons Walk-Ons Walk-Ons Walk-Ons Walk-Ons Walk-Ons Walk-Ons episode number okay um so so uh I mean um 95 coming at you. We're hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our uh like so well well well well well well well well I mean like okay boys the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what what what what what what what what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast where where where where where where where where okay uh I mean well like I mean okay we talk to to to to to to to to you about how you can start and grow your I mean uh well uh I I I I I I I I mean well you know hardscaping business in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing like like well uh like I mean um week. That means that means means means means means means means means that means that means that means that means that means that means every day day day day day day day day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based I mean well like like like like like like like like like so well okay on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value value value value value value value value come and actually this I mean so like I mean so well well week is starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is mark is mark is mark is mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark is mark is mark is mark is actually a longtime friend well you know so you you you you you you you you know you know like so of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here here here here here here here here to talk with well you know okay well um well you know us about about about about about about about about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like um like uh okay but the best clients into your business. How do do do do do do do do I identify them and so okay okay you know okay okay so how to get get get get get get get get them into your business as leads and where to take it from there? well well well well well well well well I mean so like I mean well so So an awesome interview coming up with with with with with with with with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado so like uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined by Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Morrison. He okay so um well um I mean you know is a business business business business business business business business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for well um like like like like like like like like so so uh um businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make you know know know know know know know know well I mean like I mean you know so a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record okay you you you you you you you you know uh uh you know okay like and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute you know I mean so um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many well okay uh um uh you know okay other platforms. You can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our well so I I I I I I I I mean okay you know uh okay listenership is everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. Base download the free uh um you know so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to to to to to to to to well well um so you know uh you know the node or a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler uh okay uh well you know know know know know know know know um well at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what what what what what what what what is this? like you like you like you like you like you like you like like like like like like like like you like you know um so uh like well I don't have really have a a a a a a a a topic. I just I just I just I just I just I just just just just just just just just I just I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to well you you you you you you you you know uh so uh I mean okay the podcast. So a big question that that that that that that that that I get either via email you know okay like um you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay or over on our YouTube channel is from people that are just getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting started like okay like you know you know like like with their online store store store store store store store store and they want to know what they actually have to get um I I I I I I I I mean uh okay like I mean uh done prior to launch. So kind of of of of of of of of the technicality is right and this okay um well uh okay uh uh is outside of of of of of of of of how to pick a niche how to get suppliers how um um uh like you you you you you you you you know uh so to get traffic all that stuff. You can learn more about on on on on on on on on my like uh okay I mean I mean well you know free training over at at at at at at at at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link to that in the um okay so well well well well well well well well um so like the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know all that that that that that that that that stuff and you well uh okay you know I mean so you know kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of understand how to build the business then the question is, well, what what what what what what what what do you uh I mean um okay you know uh okay actually have to to to to to to to to get done before you make that website on Shopify before you contact your well well well well well well well well so so uh okay well uh first supplier before you get your first sale? sale sale sale sale sale sale sale So I want to cover uh I mean I mean so well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a business checklist in this podcast go over a couple different options you have well well well well well well well well I mean so um like you know um and then let you know what what what what what what what what I do and what I recommend so with that being you know um um um um um um um um you know so okay so uh said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Okay. So the so the so the so the so the so the so the so the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad uh like like like like like like like like so I mean uh um well human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it it it it it it it it was you were doing. I did two so um I mean okay well you you you you you you you you know like very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so so so so so so so so hi everyone I mean um um I mean you know I mean like like like like like like like like. We are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are we are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh uh like so Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah good yeah good yeah good yeah good yeah good yeah good yeah good good good good good good good good had a sizable break okay um okay you know so so like. Yep. Yeah currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently yeah currently yeah currently yeah currently yeah currently yeah currently yeah currently yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you um um um um um um um um um okay so um okay you know had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It It It It It It It It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during during during during during during during during our lesson like okay uh like uh I mean like on English to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is actually the okay well you you you you you you you you know you know um you know uh tool. I am using to produce this this this this this this this this podcast for you. So if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if so if so if you are listening okay you know okay okay like you know know know know know know know know like to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor anchor is is is is is is is is a free well like um so uh like you know free podcast tool that you can use use use use use use use use to create and record and edit. Build your um like so I mean well well well well well well well well well I mean podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes your podcast for for for for for for for for you like like like like okay I mean well. So I don't have to track track track track track track track track down apple and Spotify and Google anything I mean well uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know it does that all automatically for me. I just just just just just just just just kind of click the button and like uh I mean you know uh you know know know know know know know know um it goes all by itself. You can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can you can you can you can make money from these podcasts right this ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad that you know like you know I mean so I mean well you're hearing right right right right right right right right now is an ad that I've written for them so that like okay so so you you you you you you you you know like um I can make a little bit of money off of this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. That's uh well uh uh like so I mean why it's free, right? I I I I I I I I can I can I can I can I can I can I can I can can can can can can can can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th 88th episode you know like you know so you know so okay of the the the the the the the the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We are going well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like well you know you know to talk about a boatload of La Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova at Penn like you know um uh um you you you you you you you you know well Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Dame Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke at I mean uh okay like uh you know um Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers Rutgers Rutgers Rutgers Rutgers Rutgers Rutgers Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at Michigan Penn State I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh you know okay well at Cornell. It is a lot of of of of of of of of Lacrosse to sneak into this show I mean well I mean I mean so so so so so so so so well so here before I get into it as always be sure to to to to to to to to like subscribe hit you know well um okay so like you know the notification Bell Bell Bell Bell Bell Bell Bell Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself some swag I mean so so so so so so so so I mean like you know I mean okay t-shirts. We have all sorts of of of of of of of of t-shirts and we're building on that every um like so um you know like like like like like like like like okay single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place like like like like like like like like you know you know like well uh uh by far to buy and sell La La La La La La La La Crosse gear hard to find college gear uh so I mean well like uh I mean pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They They They They They They They They so um I mean um so uh okay literally named it. The deus deus deus deus deus deus deus deus the deus the deus the deus the deus the deus the deus the deus ex ex ex ex ex ex ex ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey like hey like hey like hey like hey like hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey like hey like hey like I mean um uh okay you know okay everybody. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words words words words words words words words like you know you know you know so um so because Nick was was was was was was was was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven um uh you know well so um well podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well I mean um I mean well a this is my little little little little little little little little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like um I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for for for for for for for for tuning in. We uh like you know you know um you know so just need need need need need need need need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is okay um I I I I I I I I mean like so you know okay this podcast about well, let me tell you as as as as as as as as you can. See the name uh like so okay um like um is conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm you know know know know know know know know I mean like okay like like like going to talk about a Convent not really conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation. Let's talk about a statement from well uh um I mean well I mean well well well well well well well well Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship you know know know know know know know know like well uh so so like with that. I don't know how it will have fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the like so well uh I mean uh so so so so so so so so quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about about about about about about about about anchor I mean like so well you know you know well before downloading it it it it it it it it this time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast and um so uh well well well well well well well well so I mean I mean I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun and it's free. It's like I mean well I mean um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you anyway, you anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, you anyway, you anyway, you anyway, you anyway, you anyway, you have conversations well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean I mean uh like. Anyway, why anyway, why anyway, why anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, why anyway, why anyway, why anyway, why anyway, why not record it and make make make make make make make make money while you're doing it. There are creation um okay uh um okay so like like like like like like like like tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone I I I I I I I I mean well um um so you know I mean or your computer. Anchor will anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh you know you know um so. I have I have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have I have just some random stuff. I I I I I I I I want us to talk about before um okay okay like okay you know you know know know know know know know know we talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we we we we we we we we were reading well like okay okay I mean so I mean the Jessica Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have okay you you you you you you you you know okay um um like well to say anything in case you haven't read read read read read read read read but we totally recommend um okay I mean uh um like like it Shea Shea Shea Shea Shea Shea Shea Shea tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading like like like like like like like like like uh well so so uh Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, Mayer, I would be under a rock well I mean you know like so so so so so so so so so um right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him him him him him him him him just to see so okay like so okay well so if people were commenting commenting commenting commenting commenting commenting commenting commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when um well um um you know you you you you you you you you know you know I read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went went went went went went went went to his so okay okay so so uh you know Instagram because I I I I I I I I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here here here here here here here here with okay so so um okay okay I mean Hannah burner from summer house. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I think well uh I mean okay you you you you you you you you know uh um you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from from from from from from from from the Beverly Center and okay I mean like like um I mean uh I can't wait for for for for for for for for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here so uh so uh so well well well well well well well well well with Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein mr. Epstein mr. Epstein Epstein Epstein Epstein Epstein Epstein Epstein Epstein mr. Epstein mr. Epstein mr. Epstein mr. Epstein mr. Epstein thank you so much much much much much much much much for having well uh you know well you know like okay me feels like like like like like like like like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay uh like um. I'm sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my my my my my my my my last name. Thank you so much for well I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first of of of of of of of of all because I feel uh so like like okay you know um like you're what what what what what what what what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an you know um well well well well well well well well like um you know so east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I I I I I I I I stop being such like okay like well so okay I mean a workaholic workaholic workaholic workaholic workaholic workaholic workaholic workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling me a bum. Yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode This you know uh so I mean okay um uh is actually going to to to to to to to to be the heroes for Life show that we do once a I mean you you you you you you you you know you know well like I mean you know week with Heroes for sale on on on on on on on on Instagram. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm just about to go like well you know you know um um um um um um um um so so live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be be be be be be be be hearing you know well so uh um so uh. So if so if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if so if so if you missed the the the the the the the the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it um you know know know know know know know know well so I mean I mean um. So here we go. There he is now now now now now now now now in so we're going to be able to um you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um like get started in just a few seconds invited them to to to to to to to to I not connecting and there okay I mean um so okay like like is what's up. Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an well well well well well well well well okay you know I mean you know okay so embargo episode today. This has nothing new new new new new new new new my dividend paying stocks this month. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look similar Tayo you know you know you know um um um um um um um um okay um well with PLC. So premium so premium so premium so premium so premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium so premium so premium so premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all previous Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa you know um I mean so so you know um is on a separate separate separate separate separate separate separate separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel okay well so I mean you you you you you you you you know well so 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming skimming skimming skimming skimming skimming skimming skimming related businesses. So on so on so on so on so on so on so on so on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian McDonough like I mean I mean so so I mean I mean. Here's where where where where where where where where we are at this very moment. We know that in the United well so like like like like like like like like I mean like um like States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We We We We We We We We know that those cases okay you know like so so uh like are based based based based based based based based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred. The number so so so so so so so so you know well you know okay so okay of infections in the United States States States States States States States States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're scattered they're scattered they're scattered they're scattered they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're scattered they're scattered they're scattered they're scattered across so so okay so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned that that that that that that that that states getting hit um you know um so you know uh like very hard, but but but but but but but but it's not the only one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the like like like like like like like like um I mean so I mean I mean I mean first case in North Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina and Wake County resident who had visited the Washington I mean so you know know know know know know know know um uh uh okay State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Yeah. Yeah so yeah so yeah so yeah so yeah so yeah so yeah so so so so so so so so yeah so like okay I mean you know like well. Yeah the platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no um uh like so so so so so so so so well you know um rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go go go go go go go go. Talk about some things you know okay um like well so so today today today today today today today today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the system so you know know know know know know know know uh um I mean I mean um the system that's running the whole game around us right right right right right right right right now. That's like um well you know so so like why you have a Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to so okay well so I I I I I I I I mean you know okay get into it because a lot of people said, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my God, you break down like well uh uh uh okay I mean this boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, things, things, things, things, things, things, things, well like like okay okay okay like but I get into what I I I I I I I I know about. You know you know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you know you know what I mean? We so like like so well well you you you you you you you you know gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff that I get into is what what what what what what what what uh like like you know well uh like I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk club so you know okay okay um um I mean with Hunter all conus conus conus conus conus conus conus conus. And today and today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today and today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk well like I mean um um um um um um um um okay I mean uh about but let's just say what he contributed to this this this this this this this this podcast. Oh, yes, he I mean like okay um so you know you know came up up up up up up up up with that. He came he came he came he came he came he came he came came came came came came came came he came up with a word awkward in our acronyms um uh uh so you you you you you you you you know you know um. So very so very so very so very so very so very very very very very very very very so very so very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself. I'm Akay, I'm Akay, I'm Akay, I'm Akay, I'm Akay, I'm Akay, I'm Akay, Akay, Akay, Akay, Akay, Akay, Akay, Akay, I'm Akay, you know I mean well I mean well um you know Bryson, and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you you you you you you you you from I'm from Bountiful okay you know so well okay so uh Utah the the the the the the the the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia you know know know know know know know know I mean like um so well well Airport with an air of confidence. He He He He He He He He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as he well okay you know uh like like like like like like like like you know so passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his his his his his his his his security badge. He was a um so uh I mean I mean like you know well-known well-known well-known well-known well-known well-known well-known well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel. He encountered Williams Williams Williams Williams Williams Williams Williams Williams approached okay you know well well like okay well the desk of Eastern Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines and requested a flight to Miami. This wasn't unusual um uh I mean uh well well well well well well well well like you know. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets to to to to to to to to like I mean um uh um okay you know all Pilots regardless of what what what what what what what what company they worked for after a quick look at uh I mean uh I I I I I I I I mean uh you know okay his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He He He He He He He He was quickly assured aboard the uh okay so uh uh well so next available flight flight flight flight flight flight flight flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest of the crew was seated. He engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take please take please take please take please take please take please take please please please please please please please please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and ladies and ladies and and and and and and and and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and um um okay I I I I I I I I mean well so so gentlemen and welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in in in in in in in in Dubai subba, okay uh so um um you know so Lanka Rises to the the the the the the the the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down uh you know um uh you know know know know know know know know you know you know on her career. Everyone and welcome to the passing shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot the tennis podcast run like uh I mean okay well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh by fans for fans with your host Jolan Kim today on the show you know know know know know know know know um like okay so well so. As always. We're going to be digesting the the the the the the the the last couple of weeks on the ATP well so well so like you know like and and and and and and and and WTA tours and having a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Aldo well well well okay okay I mean like Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and and and and and and and and head instructor of CJ of Texas in Round so so you know so so so so so so so so so I mean well Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Cambodia and eventually down well like um you know well well I mean to to to to to to to to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named to pay homage to to to to to to to to okay you know um um so I mean so the my God. Choice, but but but but but but but but also to cover some topics rarely taught by professors professors uh so like like like like like like like like uh um um you know only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but but but but but but but but rarely do Professor to teach you know like uh I mean uh um well well well well well well well well about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name a few join join join join join join join join me like um I mean okay okay like um each week as I dive into these these these these these these these these topics and much more now stay tuned well I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know so okay you know for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business we're business we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're business we're business we're business we're business we're business we're business needs uh you you you you you you you you know I mean like so well well Beauty. It's not it's not it's not it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not just lipstick its business. We will share share share share share share share share a thought provoking conversations I mean you know so um so you know okay with with with with with with with with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire um like I I I I I I I I mean like uh um well you to take your business to the next level. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, welcome to the podcast I mean so like I mean um uh I mean. I I I I I I I I am super excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing interviewing interviewing interviewing interviewing interviewing interviewing interviewing so like you know uh you know you know I mean Angie Deepa teesta. Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and uh I mean like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay she works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to to to to to to to to commercials okay well okay I mean you know okay um and etcetera. She also does does does does does does does does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of like um uh uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean those things. She's a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with with with with with with with with well okay uh I mean okay so um her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope like like I mean you know like like you know you guys are all having having having having having having having having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode well so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean well starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So So So So So So So So the title of this okay um um so okay so like podcast is called called called called called called called called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast well like I I I I I I I I mean okay well you know well. I thought you know, what like catching up with with with with with with with with friends. Just talking just talking just talking just talking just talking just talking just talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking just talking about random um okay like you know I mean you know know know know know know know know I mean stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good title title title title title title title title. But then okay uh well um so uh you know as I recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out so like so I I I I I I I I mean uh okay well what the theme of this podcast should be. So if if if if if if if if you know notice a lot okay okay I mean well okay um I mean of of of of of of of of the things that we covered from the past few episode is about mental okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like well um well health growing up and things we deal deal deal deal deal deal deal deal with as a teenager or as a you know I mean okay you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast will will will will will will will will uh um so like so um well be basically growing up. I finally figure out what what what what what what what what the theme of this podcast uh like like um okay well well should be. So So So So So So So So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know and basically having them share what they think is is is is is is is is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the upper decker decker decker decker decker decker decker decker well okay like you know so like you know podcast. I'm your boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy Brett and the like well well well well well well well well well um uh like um boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've so so so so so so so so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've got a little little little little little little little little bit okay I mean you know you know well you know uh of news news news news news news news news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our AL East and like like like like like like like like so you know uh like um like at least predictions and stats and all that stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. So the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well I mean well I mean like. Let me lay him down. So So So So So So So So he's so he's so he's so he's so he's so he's so he's so he's I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm staring at him. He's there he's there he's there he's there he's there he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's there he's there he's there so like well I mean I mean you know uh on on on on on on on on the floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to so so so so so so so so uh so so you know like so let me do this because he doesn't usually we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll see but in this episode I I mean I mean you know like um um um um um um um um okay I mean am going to talk about why we decided to to to to to to to to buy an old house some of so I mean you know you know okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the questions that I get about buying an old house and some of the you you you you you you you you know um like you know you know you know um safety concerns and what what what what what what what what to look for if you are thinking about you know you know um um um um um um um um I mean so I mean I mean purchasing an old house and then make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to stay all the way to um so um uh um uh I mean the the the the the the the the end because I just started a new segment. This is the first uh okay so like like like like like like like like uh okay uh episode that I'm doing it where I answer a random random random random random random random random question from Instagram. My name so like uh uh well um well is is is is is is is is Lisa mom of six and creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse uh you you you you you you you you know so um um well you know on Boone join me as I share with with with with with with with with you my love for creating you know like like um you know uh you know know know know know know know know a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the so um you you you you you you you you know okay like well uh topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling struggling with my purpose in life. This I mean so okay uh like well um um um um um um um um is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality is you're um well you know well uh you know so not going to to to to to to to to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to feel like uh like like like like like like like like you know okay like well like things are going to work out in your your your your your your your your favor. You're not always going to feel well uh you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really really really really really really really really great and uh okay well you know okay I mean you know you're going going going going going going going going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um um you know I mean days it's going to feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're I mean um you you you you you you you you know uh I mean okay like just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got got got got got got got got people chirping in your ear and well I mean like like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that business business business business business business business business like okay I mean okay well you know I mean you want to build build build build build build build build or that career you want to have is just unrealistic well okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh I mean for you. So I've got an email here from a a a a a a a a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This This This This This This This This is well you know I mean okay you know um okay just March. This is is is is is is is is March. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this is stopped episode 4 and like we have described in uh so well like like like like like like like like like okay I mean the last couple of episodes. We have we have we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we have a very high bar bar bar bar bar bar bar bar on the show so um like so I mean I mean um. And this this this this this this this this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month that okay so so so so so so so so uh uh I mean well you know we have on the calendar and as as as as as as as as I've always stated it is the uh well like uh uh I mean um goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so okay so uh that he or she can get on a a a a a a a a regular basis and you think about uh uh like uh okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the idea of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches um well well well well well well well well I mean okay like well well that we have had in our great country. History History History History History History History History President history President history President history President history President history President history President President President President President President President President history President Kennedy being sworn so you know well you know okay you know know know know know know know know okay into office some of the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during during during during during during during during his memorable okay you know okay okay well uh okay life and that brought me me me me me me me me on the ride over to the studio today to like so so you know um um um um um um um um you know okay some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a a a a a a a a well okay okay uh okay well like motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Aiden Aiden Aiden Aiden Aiden Aiden Aiden Austin and one princess Addison I mean like okay I mean so I mean well well well well well well well well also known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names do you you you you you you you you know uh you know you know like like I mean you get them all mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in well you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um um criminal justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking walking walking walking walking walking walking walking on the beach I mean well okay like okay okay uh coffee with Friends shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well uh I mean her husband served as executive pastors for South Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, so well you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean she feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for for for for for for for for Treasures amen welcome well like I mean like you know well um her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am not dead. This is this is this is this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is Bryson and I'm here with uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like okay so so okay Alonzo my first love. How are you you you you you you you you Alonzo? How is everything? How are uh okay you know like uh um like you you you you you you you you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know okay you know well so your room or you really really really really really really really really sad about it or what's going on? Your first well well um well okay I I I I I I I I mean so love is always like you never forget your first right? I feel I I I I I I I I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel like well well well well well well well well uh like like uh okay so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium medium medium medium medium medium medium medium um um I mean like you know I mean uh and together. We are the the the the the the the the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices well like so well well well well well well well well well like like in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so okay well uh um of payment, but I don't have I'm not asking much much much much much much much much just a token um uh like like um you know like really a trifle trifle trifle trifle trifle trifle trifle trifle what I want from you is your voice. So without my okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay like you know voice, how can I have your looks your pretty face and and and and and and and and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there ah, there ah, there ah, there ah, there ah, there ah, there ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um I mean you know like okay friends from way back speaking Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with you know I mean so so so so so so so so like like you know so us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome and we're coming uh you know I mean you know know know know know know know know uh you know okay from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today today today today today today today today and feeling so excited okay well well okay like like like to share with with with with with with with with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too so so so so so so so so so um um uh like um true. So to me, that's right. The two of of of of of of of of us speaking are true too. True. Yeah so well like uh so well um. Yeah, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, all right. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're so we're so we're going to talk about our story for a minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute I mean you know okay like I mean well okay. Yeah, so we were were were were were were were were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? How so uh um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean do we what do we think of what we title this? And And And And And And And And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to to to to to to to to you know um well you know like uh okay encourage all of you to to to to to to to to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor okay like uh so uh so so so so so so so so um Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, I did like you know like okay so I mean you know not not not not not not not not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known well well well well well well well well uh well so well like like it like five ten years before early because because because because because because because because all I need to do is download so um I mean um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well the anchor. I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I have I have record my voice in it and just click post I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um you know okay well um and anchor will do all the job for me me me me me me me me. It will publish it um okay so well you know I mean so in all all all all all all all all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I I I I I I I I do so um okay um so like you know not need to do anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You you know okay uh okay so so so so so so so so uh I mean also need to make use of it. If you have a message message message message message message message message if you so well so you know okay okay like have some come content, content, content, content, content, content, content, content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the I mean you know you know know know know know know know know like so well so world or simply want to post something make sure you use use use use use use use use this mascara namaskaram well you know you know like um um okay everyone. Welcome to buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my okay you know okay um um um um um um um um like okay so uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you you you you you you you you um um okay well like okay uh enjoy this one. If you you you you you you you you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on so like I mean so so so so so so so so okay well like social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia I mean um um uh um okay okay Towers dressage dressage dressage dressage dressage dressage dressage dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love well uh like like like like like like like like like so uh like you to leave a review and I can't wait to to to to to to to to see what you think okay okay so okay well you know like of it. Welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is well well like um I I I I I I I I mean uh okay with the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those those those those those those those those um okay okay like I mean uh I mean of the company and its its its its its its its its management for their more the views and opinions of uh um I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular program I mean um like so I mean you know uh the management and and and and and and and and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh I mean okay strict on but no by at go by in a a a a a a a a module so okay like I mean like like I mean on barring my muscle cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope sobota. All I all I all I all I all I all I all I all I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what what what what what what what what keeps so uh you know uh you know I mean I mean Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running okay like like like like like like like like um uh so you know um for a few years now and have have have have have have have have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners you know you know so like uh well well well well well well well well uh on my travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share share share share share share share share those like so uh you know I mean well um amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am am am am am am am am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, I mean okay well so like well well well well well well well well you know thanks so much for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you you you you you you you you Jonathan likewise uh like you know well okay I mean so. So let's start with let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am uh okay like um okay so so so so so so so so um an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something something something something something something something something. What you uh like like uh well um okay know, you can't explain. But But But But But But But But you but you but you but you but you but you but you but you you you you you you you you feel it. You felt it your entire um well well I mean uh you know know know know know know know know uh life. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are we are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have our like like like like like like like like I mean well well you know you know so manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my best friend I mean well well so so so so so so so so well uh so good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we we we we we we we we want to talk like okay so well okay um I mean to them because they they they they they they they they are the key ingredients to this major event coming up in April okay I mean I I I I I I I I mean uh um like so April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear Barrel 5K fundraise like well I mean well I mean well okay by by by by by by by by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like basically like basically like basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically like basically like basically like basically like basically like a whole weekend. Yeah. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's important part I mean I mean well well I mean so so of the 24th through through through through through through through through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your it's your your your your your your your your it's your it's your it's your it's your it's your it's your boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy Deluxe 20 along um well you know well I mean you know like like like like like like like like with D4. And today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today and today and today we brought in a special guest from way back in in in in in in in in the day like uh like I mean so um so. So stay so so so so so so so so stay so stay so stay so stay so stay so stay so stay tuned with with with with with with with with us and find out who it is. All right all right all right all all all all all all all all right all right all right all right all right okay well like like um like like like like like like like like well. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss uh well um well well well uh heart attack? How are you? Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time no see well well uh you know know know know know know know know uh you know like yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been been been been been been been been a hot minute like you know I mean you know um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so nine years. I know I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know I know I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you every every every every every every every every like like um um uh like okay once in a while go into stream stream stream stream stream stream stream stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff you know like okay okay well so you know know know know know know know know like that. So not as much I guess for you and I but as as as as as as as as well you know like uh okay like okay far as playing and all that that that that that that that that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch you know so so so so so so so so you know like uh so okay. I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always amazed with much League hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting skills, huh? I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always always always always always always always always I'm always I'm always amazed with your hosting you know like so okay you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean skills. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was was was was was was was was tuning you out. I've um I've um I've um I've um I've um I've um um um um um um um um I've um I've um like I mean I mean uh well uh already listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of of of of of of of of so uh you know so so okay so stuff to go over today today today today today today today today. Not really not really not really not really not really not really not really really really really really really really really not really because we just watch the same teams play well like um so well like like like like like like like like like for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks both both both both both both both both of you like well um uh I mean um like on the ends. The fuck do do do do do do do do I was listening back to the companion stream well well well like so okay like like like like like like like like and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan. So uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like you know uh well so now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when when when when when when when when I saw you live say you know so well um like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into your your your your your your your your you know um you know you know well well you know own insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with okay like so so so so so so so so like I mean you know um my selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't think of to like, okay like so you know well okay uh I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together well well well well well well well well you know okay um okay well you know on this leading-edge experience by saying to to to to to to to to you that you really are the creator of like I mean I mean okay well well well well well well well well so you know your own reality and it would be fair to say say say say say say say say to you blessed beans that um you know well okay uh you know so you you you you you you you you are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities well um um um um um um um um like you know uh um um contrast is causing you to expand and and and and and and and and add to the reality of the greater Source um like okay so like like like like like like like like um like. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you you you you you you you you are as the like like well you know so well uh eternal. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well being that you are and you are also in the process uh you know um I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean you know of creating the reality of how how how how how how how how you feel right now this red hot minute and okay well okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well we want those realities to merge and the only way that those those those those those those those those realities can um okay um um you know well like merge is for you you you you you you you you to come with us in other words because we're not going okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um you know you know uh with you. We are not going going going going going going going going to complain with you about the injustices of you know I mean okay um um um um um um um um so I mean uh your world because we see them not we are not not not not not not not not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this this this this this episode includes like you know well like like you know I mean discussions of of of of of of of of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well um so like um Caution for children under the age of 13 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 17 year old Alia ta was searching through okay I mean okay I mean okay so so so so so so so so well her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard her so so like okay like okay I mean phone buzzed with the text text text text text text text text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what uh well well well well well well well well well well you know okay you know she was up to Ellie didn't know the the the the the the the the other girl very well. They had just well like you know like um um um um um um um um um um started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, they'd hardly spoken I mean so um like um uh you know but but but but but but but but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied to Michelle's like like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like message telling her she was about to head out to a a a a a a a a party Ali thought that would you know okay you know um well well I I I I I I I I mean be the end of it. But Michelle but Michelle but Michelle but Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle but Michelle but Michelle but Michelle but Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean so so um I mean the Love is Blind Ryu Ryu Ryu Ryu Ryu Ryu Ryu Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting I mean so well well well well well well well well well so um okay here. Here. We are we are we are we are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been forever. It has okay uh like okay uh I mean okay. Hi guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. So good so good so good so good so good so good so good so so so so so so so so good to see you guys. Again Nate again Nate again Nate again Nate again Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate Nate again Nate again Nate again Nate would and Candice Helm with I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well well so okay blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping recapping recapping recapping recapping recapping recapping recapping the reunions. Ya betta is okay um like so um so so that I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have okay uh you know you you you you you you you you know uh I mean so the family all back together. So good to see see see see see see see see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa like you know well so well I mean I I I I I I I I mean actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them them them them them them them them sure. We've mixed we've mixed we've mixed we've mixed we've mixed we've mixed we've mixed we've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and and and and and and and and is um I mean so I mean um um okay intended to communicate such such such such such such such such events to the public in a dramatic manner any reference okay you know like like like like like like like like I mean you know I mean uh to artificial or natural person place caste caste caste caste caste caste caste caste Community race religion is factual in nature well so so I mean uh I I I I I I I I mean you know and is not intended to offend or defame as such all all all all all all all all reporting is based well you know uh well you know I mean so on on on on on on on on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion opinion opinion opinion opinion opinion opinion opinion um uh I mean um well I mean you know statement or recommendation by by by by by by by by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites uh you you you you you you you you know like well like so you know have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised. Hi, my name is Sue I mean you know well okay well okay you know darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show I I I I I I I I mean so okay like um so so. Its heroines week and every day we're telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling you the story of a heroine okay like uh well okay you know okay start start start start start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so um okay so so in the chewing side each each each each each each each each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about you know so um I I I I I I I I mean um uh like heroic women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a a a a a a a a brave hero who may have like um well um like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is is is is is is is is the uh you know you know you know so okay okay story that people people people people people people people people have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before so uh I I I I I I I I mean uh uh okay uh America was called the United States the British and and and and and and and and Americans were War. It was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was it was it was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford um um um um um um um um I mean I mean um you know okay you know copilot 360 a suite of of of of of of of of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help well like you know know know know know know know know uh well uh like you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the the the the the the the the road. They're you know like I mean you know like I mean I I I I I I I I mean smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape scape scape scape scape scape scape scape. A chill blew through the I mean uh um like well okay okay Streets of of of of of of of of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in the um uh like um um um um um um um um uh um um shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside well um um um well uh so a small dingy house on the outskirts of of of of of of of of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South joanna South joanna South joanna South joanna South joanna joanna joanna joanna joanna joanna joanna joanna South joanna South joanna South Kant was uh well okay well okay so okay locked in a a a a a a a a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt an okay okay uh so so so so so so so so uh um uh evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions of you know like I mean okay like well well life through the lens of the the the the the the the the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm so okay like well like you know know know know know know know know you know your host Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations with people of well you know well okay I mean like uh diverse and and and and and and and and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique perspectives perspectives perspectives perspectives perspectives perspectives perspectives perspectives uh okay um so I mean um so. And there and there and and and and and and and and there and there and there and there and there and there is no possibility of of of of of of of of certainty you can have a yes they so uh you know well um you you you you you you you you know well did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most most most most most most most most I mean well uh okay well you know um of us believe 40 years ago. However However However However However However However However certain we were about them. We don't we're um so I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you you you you you you you you know I mean well um like um like you from the Arizona cactus and and and and and and and and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? so you so you so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you know well um like like like like like like like like like uh Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking pervs um okay you know like okay well you know. I know I cannot believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen like I mean uh I mean um um um um um um um um like uh to two girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking for I mean you know okay so um you know okay just kidding. It's G-rated G-rated G-rated G-rated G-rated G-rated G-rated G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it well you know I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean like I mean is. Why or how was your your your your your your your your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on you know like so well like like like like like like like like I mean okay some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond reality has been so okay you know okay um uh uh divided into two parts parts parts parts parts parts parts parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim Cohen's like like like so so so so so so so so um okay well book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only only only only only only only only well so uh well like like you know claims. The Antichrist the Antichrist the the the the the the the the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist is already Among Us Us Us Us Us Us Us Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions so well um I mean well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night the night night night night night night night night the night the night the night the night the night the night may like um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean well be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers answers answers answers answers answers answers answers are there to be you know I mean so like so okay um found found found found found found found found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right like like like like like like like like okay um well okay so um place. Let's go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author author author author author author author author of several books, including so okay um okay I mean okay like the Antichrist in in in in in in in in a cup of tea. We're going to be talking about that okay uh I I I I I I I I mean you know like so you know next. But before we do just a a a a a a a a quick reminder go to YouTube If you I mean like you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like haven't found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for for for for for for for for JV Johnson when you find well I mean okay like you know I mean I I I I I I I I mean it hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for for for for for for for for your uh uh you know okay so like well day. This is Dunedin. I I I I I I I I want to thank you all so much for joining me okay so um well um um um um um um um um like I mean on the call. Whenever you find time that we can can can can can can can can come together and I mean uh well well uh I mean like pray this one one one one one one one one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your um okay you know so so so so so so so so I mean uh like week. I'm just going to pray for you on this morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning and leave my South so I mean I mean well uh so um out of it it it it it it it it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally like um okay like so so so so so so so so uh you know. I don't stay home from work, but I'm staying home today today today today today today today today. I'm not feeling uh you know like okay well like I mean 100% but but but but but but but but I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer well so um so so so so so so so so like uh you know call before I went back to bed. So today I'm going going going going going going going going to pray for I mean you know like okay you know um you know know know know know know know know you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by considered by considered by considered by considered by considered by considered by considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of like like like like like like like like you know uh uh um okay you know Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through through through through through through through through documentaries, press releases and feature films okay well um okay you know um like Millions have have have have have have have have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If uh um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know uh you enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, check out our conspiracy theories like um I mean okay you know you know well well well well well well well well podcast every Wednesday. We tell we tell we tell we tell we tell we tell we we we we we we we we tell we tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like okay you know possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts well um I mean I mean well like well well well well well well well well. Midnight clouds flash past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted by Schrute um okay uh so so uh so Ebola with Brigade is is is is is is is is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech okay um uh um um um um um um um um I mean so I mean gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here here here here here here here here. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and like you know you know um well so like welcome my hoodie. And how how how how how how how how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki uh okay um uh well like like like like like like like like well baat Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self self self self self self self self so um okay uh like um well. So skilled kid joab case Apna Apna Apna Apna Apna Apna Apna Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there there there there there there there there you know so so I mean um um um to be found whether it's the the the the the the the the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're you know like okay like you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We We We We We We We We got a great show tonight. I'm really you know so you know um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic psychic psychic psychic psychic psychic psychic psychic well like okay like um well so. She believes she believes she believes she she she she she she she she believes she believes she believes she believes she believes everyone is able to achieve this this this this this this this this level of awareness if they're willing to unblock so you know okay um okay so so so so so so so so well themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go let go go go go go go go go let go let go let go let go let go let go of whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever okay uh um so so um I mean stands in their way of achieving this Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality okay um you know um okay so like like like like like like like like great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter of uh like well uh so you know uh mine. You sound you sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound you sound you sound you sound you sound you sound you sound like you might might might might might might might might be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I um uh well you know um well like like like like like like like like live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if if if if if if if if I mean well like like um like so you want to stay spoiler-free on on on on on on on on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that so well well you know um you you you you you you you you know um Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in in in in in in in in um I mean okay okay so like um the description and I along with almost all all all all all all all all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie I mean well uh okay well um um was was was was was was was was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire um um um um um um um um okay well okay um well um Crawley was announced as next season's leading leading leading leading leading leading leading leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was you know you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh like filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she she she she she she she she has to you know well well you know like uh I mean be the winner of of of of of of of of this season, right? Is there is there is there is there is there is there there there there there there there there is there is there any other reason Maddie would okay uh like I I I I I I I I mean okay you know I mean have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as as as as as as as as but as but as but as but as but as but as but as of of of of of of of of right now I see no other explanation uh so you know um like okay um unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless y'all have other theories. Let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me know your thoughts down in the I I I I I I I I mean like like I mean I mean uh like comments below. That's all all all all all all all all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if but if but if if if if if if if if but if but if but if but if but if you're like I I I I I I I I mean um you know like like well new to Clare Crawley, I just did a a a a a a a a deep dive on her earlier today. So like so like so like so like so so so so so so so so like so like so like so like okay I mean okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean check that out on this channel and make sure you check out out out out out out out out our uh so like well uh um um Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready well well well well well well well well okay so uh I mean uh you know for the word of God and it it it it it it it it is my honor to introduce our next speaker you know okay so so so so so so so so uh I mean okay I mean sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland okay okay you know uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh. She works she works she works she works she works she works she she she she she she she she works she works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like like well Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, committee, committee, committee, committee, committee, committee, committee, not the whole committee. She serves on so so like okay okay okay um the the the the the the the the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and so so so so so so so so so so um so like you know events. She has a love for Mexican food food food food food food food food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome let's welcome let's welcome let's welcome let's welcome let's welcome let's welcome let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a a a a a a a a you know I mean I mean well well I mean um CO chair person person person person person person person person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've okay you know know know know know know know know you know so like okay you know had some prior episodes about different countries countries countries countries countries countries countries countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh um uh Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to to to to to to to to date. We also talked to so I mean okay okay like well um um um um um um um um Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical physical physical physical physical physical physical physical I mean you know uh like so so you know education curriculum and episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 75. So the so the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the so the people who listen to our podcast seem okay um um okay um um um um um um um um well uh to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the the the the the the the the world. So we're going to keep I mean I mean well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so finding people who know them well to explain them on the pad podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So okay okay so I mean uh I mean like here we go with a a a a a a a a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons well I mean like well like okay like. I'm one I'm one I'm one one one one one one one one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one of your hosts riverbed us us us us us us us us with me. This week is a lie - man you know uh like so so so so so so so so um okay uh. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about creating character hooks as I mean well um you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions again because because because because because because because because we so well okay you know so um okay don't have any because we've been been been been been been been been selected for any of them. So send those so uh like you know you know know know know know know know know well I mean into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all all all all all all all all that Ali are you um you know okay uh well so okay games this this this this this this this this week? So since so since so since so since so since so since so since so so so so so so so so since the first time since we started playing doing this you know okay you know know know know know know know know well like I mean so podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there there there there there there there there. Yeah. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you you you you you you you you yeah, you yeah, you haven't been there. Yes so yes so yes so yes so so so so so so so so yes so yes so yes so yes so well like like so I mean like. I I I I I I I I didn't get to play. I played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but but but but but but but but aside like uh you know okay well like you know from that. No, not much much much much much much much much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like okay so okay okay. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit well so well like so okay okay your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you um you know know know know know know know know so so I mean like um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and and and many more you can um okay like like okay okay um make money from your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh like okay I mean podcast in one place. Download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to incurred on so um well I mean I mean like like like like like like like like okay FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated integrated integrated integrated integrated integrated integrated integrated Summit on uh uh like uh well okay um health and wellness a podcast hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain okay um uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape like like like like like like like like like you know um uh I mean you know with Ford copilot 360 a suite of of of of of of of of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to so like okay so um like like like like like like like like like help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road road road road road road road road. They're uh you know like well um I mean you know smart and then then then then then then then then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today like um you know I I I I I I I I mean I mean like okay is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen I allen I allen I allen I allen I allen I allen I I I I I I I I allen I mean so well so uh well um a junior college student in Santa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she um so um well well well well well well well well well um okay hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in in in in in in in in a I mean well like I mean well well okay series of slayings now known known known known known known known known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday night well so okay like um okay um talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing the history series and also Snow um um um so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a a a a a a a a cebit uh well so like I mean uh uh my house. I'm pouring and and and and and and and and now I always try to put together something as I uh um um um um um um um um like you know I mean well like mentioned the other day. I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd only I'd only I'd only I'd only I'd only I'd only I'd only I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd only time I ever write anything down like like okay uh you know so so so so so so so so well is Is there something going to shop a super work for husbands or also also also also also also also also for Purim I mean like like well um okay so believe it or or or or or or or or not? Because they because they because they because they because they because they because they because because because because because because because because they always write a five or six or seven um um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because because because because because because because because important you drink, um I mean I mean okay so well uh you know know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text so so so so so so so so I mean um you know you know okay okay in front of me. So hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so so so so so so so so hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh so you know Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a a a a a a a a little you know okay okay so so you know like bit of how we started started started started started started started started with here on anchor and one of the best things like I mean well well well well well well well well well okay like so about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a podcast. There's a uh so okay like well uh um lot of creation tools that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right okay well like um um um um um um um um I mean so uh from your phone or the computer. It's as easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy as that. So well so well so well so well so well so well well well well well well well well so well so well you know so well okay you know well download the free free free free free free free free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get okay like like like like like like like like like like I mean so like started check it out. It's going to be Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great. Hey, we're changing the uh like well um I mean like well title of of of of of of of of this podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small like you know so so so so so so so so well you know well uh Beginnings will be sitting down with people's to talk about about about about about about about about their story and their well okay uh you know like I mean like successes. It doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't mean you have to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be so so so so so so so so I mean I mean uh so I mean I mean some big movie star. This is this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so I mean well so okay website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope we we we we we we we we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope you you you you you you you you enjoyed today's talk. Let me um um like like like uh you know just just just just just just just just ask you how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old old old old old old old old again member well so um like like uh I mean. Can I see see see see see see see see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how about my 19 to well um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay uh 27? Oh good. You how about those who do do do do do do do do not want to admit their age well okay um okay well I mean I I I I I I I I mean 30 above so that everything is now since our topic is is is is is is is is about emotion, like okay like um you know uh uh um don't allow it to to to to to to to to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to to to to to to to to so okay so I mean so like I mean introduce you? Okay, what's up guys? My My My My My My My My name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name is Andre. You're listening to this uh like um um okay well okay. You already already already already already already already already know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, like um like so so so so so so so so okay okay um how's it going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not not not not not not not not going okay uh okay like you know I mean you know to mention McMurray the the the the the the the the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank okay um I mean so so so so so so so so you know so um. It's all about the only school we went went went went went went went went to but we are currently driving. Back um back um back um back um back back back back back back back back um back um back um back um uh I mean uh so okay well well well well well well well well to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't um I mean um okay um well uh have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know why we going. All right guys uh like okay um so uh I I I I I I I I mean before we jump into this episode. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to tell you real quick about about about about about about about about okay I mean like um I mean like so anchor if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make well so okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know a podcast because everything you need is in one place. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right so right so right so right so right so right so right so right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you you you you you you you you here today. I like I mean like well uh well um am with Corey and and and and and and and and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind of like dating preferences uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know you know like well like. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Corey. I I don't really know what to I mean so I mean okay I I I I I I I I mean like I mean say about myself, but I guess I go to school with with with with with with with with a Brielle. That's um that's um that's um that's um that's um that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's um that's um that's um uh so well well uh okay how we met and and and and and and and and I study social work and I consider myself a polyamorous person or um um um um um um um um okay um okay you know you know so identify as polyamorous and I engage engage engage engage engage engage engage engage in a polyamorous lifestyle. So and what how would you know so so you you you you you you you you know well so like you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the ability to to to to to to to to love more than okay um uh well okay uh like one person at a time and and and and and and and and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if if if if if if if if you you know I mean uh uh like uh um want to stay spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Pruitt okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like you know um so with seen in Auburn filming something with a a a a a a a a production crew Link in the like well okay so um I mean um description and and and and and and and and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly I I I I I I I I mean okay well like I mean um well going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was you know know know know know know know know I mean um like okay I mean okay announced as next season's leading leading leading leading leading leading leading leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was like well so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so so so so so so so so she has to so so like you know um you know um be the the the the the the the the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like uh well have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as as as as as as as as of right now I see no uh okay I mean well so so well other other other other other other other other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you know so okay the comments below. That's all I've got got got got got got got got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But like okay so well you know well so if if if if if if if if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier today uh I mean okay um okay well so. So check that out on on on on on on on on this channel and make sure you check out so well um well like like like like like like like like well you know our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's just well I mean well you know like okay you know like I don't know know know know know know know know what it is. Like the power of music is a real okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well okay well so real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have I have I have never met a I mean well you know okay I I I I I I I I mean like okay lot of the three babies we have he is the one he he he he he he he he is the like uh well um okay okay okay one that loves music so much he he he he he he he he will walk by the what is that and well okay I mean um like like like like like like like like uh I mean home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him him him him him him him him up. He'll touch it um like okay I mean well uh you know. It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved he loved he loved he he he he he he he he loved he loved he loved he loved he loved music so much to like um um um um um um um um uh well like like like the point where if he can't touch it like he he he he he he he he will start screaming until um like well okay well you know so he does the reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason why we're talking about this as like, I was like well like like like like like like like like like okay I mean um kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to how we're going I mean so uh like I mean um you you you you you you you you know to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are are are are are are are are you a little upset? I mean uh so you know well well well well well well well well well uh So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just we just we just just just just just just just just we just we just we just we just we just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one so so so so so so so so uh you know so okay like um eye open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for for for for for for for for those who are listening we are once uh uh uh um uh um you know again again again again again again again again calling in because we will not we can't see each other at the I I I I I I I I mean you know uh so like you know like moment. Yeah, we have a a a a a a a a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against um okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're you know you know uh you know like you know okay here. We're here here here here here here here here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours well um um um um um um um um um uh you know uh um top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play play play play play play play play soccer and baseball and I not soccer he you know um well you know know know know know know know know I mean I mean you know plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so so so so so so so so you can play soccer baseball and hockey I well like well so like like like like like like like like like uh play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off? off off off off off off off All right. All uh all uh all uh all uh all uh all uh all uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh all uh I mean well you know so I mean well right. So So So So So So So So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first injury from way like uh I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh um uh back when I was in eighth grade. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's written soccer and this one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Beth you know um I mean um uh okay okay Davis pull up up up up up up up up a chair and grab a drink or you could just keep doing what like uh like like like like like like like like uh so um you know you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come come come come come come come come chat with us about so you know okay I mean well like um Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus prayer community and life. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's so let's so let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi Beth. So good well like like like like like like like like well uh well okay uh to see you my friend. It's been it's been it's been it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been too long. Tell me about it it it it it it it it since last so you know like like um uh you know week when we we we we we we we we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to introduce sister on like like uh like like like like like like like like okay um well used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a delight to be um uh okay so um I mean okay with you you you you you you you you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just thrilled to see so I I I I I I I I mean you know okay so I mean okay you again because we were together and and and and and and and and Ireland sisters. She just raving about you. I okay um um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category. Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all all right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading like like like like like like like like like well like so I mean I mean faster than the coronavirus are these these these these these these these these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and um you know like you know um um um um um um um um you know um Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation because believe it or not Tommy. We are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me let me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me know if um um um um um um um um so like well um um like it and I are not good at finishing each other's other's other's other's other's other's other's other's sentences. We just discovered well um uh I mean I mean like you know that that that that that that that that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with your your your your your your your your um uh uh so I mean uh um host me Ali lovely. This This This This This This This This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this podcast is a place where people wanting to discover more about well so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean like spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens aliens religion New Age okay like um uh okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows will be be be be be be be be um um uh like um like well just me rambling about my mystical experiences and and and and and and and and new discoveries. In other shows okay okay so like I mean um I mean will will will will will will will will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh so uh um join me on this journey as we discuss in in in in in in in in open up about what spirituality so so so um um so so in today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have have have have have have have have well okay you know you know uh you know so a business but but but but but but but but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you if you if you if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you you know okay well well well well well well well well you know okay like well don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have have have have have have have have to close up well you know uh so um you know um shop. Here's what what what what what what what what here's what here's what here's what here's what here's what here's what here's what to to to to to to to to do. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize like um I I I I I I I I mean okay like um I mean your listing make your offer more appealing and to to to to to to to to get back in search well I mean um so uh um you know results ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from so so so so so so so so you know like like well I mean uh the red into the black black black black black black black black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with well well okay you you you you you you you you know okay I mean you know Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get get get get get get get get you more bookings. Welcome like okay so uh I mean so uh back back back back back back back back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and so so so so so so so so you know well you know um um well I'm going to order them and level level level level level level level level of difficulty / a level of um uh I mean so like okay well well well well well well well well commitment or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're well I mean like uh you know I mean you know just going to be be be be be be be be a couple of small changes. Some of some of some of some of some of of of of of of of of some of some of some of them will require um you know so you know know know know know know know know so okay I mean some deep thought some might even require a little bit of of of of of of of of investment and this will really I mean uh you know uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this this this this this okay um uh you know you know okay um episode contains strong language and and and and and and and and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people like I mean I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean so I mean may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children children children children children children children children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa okay okay you know I mean well like like Connolly Connolly Connolly Connolly Connolly Connolly Connolly Connolly was irritated. She didn't she didn't she didn't she didn't she didn't she didn't she she she she she she she she didn't she didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to like you you you you you you you you know well like like so I mean this cramped office. The whole thing was was was was was was was was a major drag Lisa complained to I mean I mean um uh I I I I I I I I mean well okay the lawyer guy Jeff. What was what was what was what was what what what what what what what what was what was what was what was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened widened widened widened widened widened widened widened in um you know you know you know well like well response. He said said said said said said said said he said he said he said he said he said he said he said said said said said said said said Lisa you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa lisa lisa lisa lisa lisa lisa lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was like you know know know know know know know know well okay um so so baffled his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just just just just just just just just so well so well well okay um what we get to Define. Its how how how how how how how how God calls us to himself. He is he is he is he is he is is is is is is is is he is he is he is the I mean you know you know uh well well well well well well well well um so more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis catechesis catechesis catechesis catechesis catechesis catechesis catechesis. I don't know what I mean um okay you know so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more that that that that that that that that you know um okay um like like uh makes sense. Us be more yes, this this this this this this this this is part 1 of 2 of a special so I mean you know um um um um um um um um like I mean um extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to Mystic at my name well okay I mean uh um so okay is Curtis Curtis Curtis Curtis Curtis Curtis Curtis Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is not a podcast uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like um okay about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's you know know know know know know know know you know so uh okay okay I mean begin in the name of the father father father father father father father father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen so um okay well like well well well well well well well well well. It's called it's called it's called it's called it's called it's called it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's called it's called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is is is is is is is is the you know so I mean uh well well um theological virtue by which which which which which which which which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our you know um um um um um um um um well okay um okay okay happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not not not not not not not not on our own you know okay uh I mean uh like uh strength, but on on on on on on on on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So like well so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay with hope we strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint saint saint saint saint saint saint saint as something which well so I mean okay okay okay like is possible possible possible possible possible possible possible possible but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like I mean I mean okay the virtue of Hope first and active active active active active active active active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't okay like like I mean um like so heard about anchor it's actually the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me go um I mean well you you you you you you you you know I mean like I mean ahead and explain a little bit to you you you you you you you you. It's completely free to do I mean uh uh like I mean uh I mean there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know so like your phone or computer. So it's really really easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy to do. Do so do so do so do so do so do do do do do do do do so do so do so you know you know well so like like anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify so like so like well I I I I I I I I mean well Apple podcasts. And so many more you can also make money from from from from from from from from your podcast with you know so okay I mean okay so okay no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And I I I I I I I I mean um so I mean um um like this is our podcast. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed well I mean uh I mean like like like like like like like like um um this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your well well well well well well well well well um so well you know I mean relationship with God through Christ. Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I you know like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know I mean can't go with this one. Can you is is is is is is is is it possible? I know I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know I know I know maybe stretching it okay you know like well okay okay I I I I I I I I mean here. Is it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just just just just just just just just quoted I mean uh well I mean like so um second chronicles 7 and 14. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to finish this series the series well I mean well you know you know know know know know know know know I mean well next time next Sunday. I want to I want to do this. I I I I I I I I got to um okay like so okay I mean I mean teach this word word word word word word word word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's my name's my name's my name's my name's my name's my name's name's name's name's name's name's name's name's my name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome you know okay so so you know I mean um welcome. It is the the the the the the the the first of the month today and which I really okay I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um you know really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on the first of the uh uh well uh uh um so month because I I I I I I I I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you are here. There There There There There There There There I there I there I there I there I there I there I there there there there there there there there I mean I mean well so you know well so are so many people that didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't see out last month and you've got to be um I mean so so so so so so so so I mean okay okay so grateful that you are here you are present you are are are are are are are are able to make some changes okay I mean uh um um okay well this this this this this this this this month if you weren't happy with last month and you can make so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so um um a difference and I want you to see that as as as as as as as as something Really really really serious you know okay um so you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take take take take take take take take you know so uh uh um so well things for granted. We stumble stumble along in in in in in in in in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find out okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh okay okay like like it's like well don't look at at at at at at at at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good. Yeah like uh like uh you you you you you you you you know um okay. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which which which which which which which which you'll Be announcing I mean so I mean well well like you know shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We have Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly I mean um like um uh you know I mean and Sophie from hoppy hoppy hoppy hoppy hoppy hoppy hoppy hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the good week. We've I mean so so so so so so so so uh like uh like like been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you you you you you you you you know already mentioned we um you know you know well well I mean you know are are are are are are are are in our new home. So first so first so first so first so first first first first first first first first so first so first so first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the the the the the the the the 1960s the 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested protested protested protested protested protested protested protested peacefully Charles Manson like so uh you know uh okay you know and his his his his his his his his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer of 69 okay um um um um um um um um well uh you know uh you know is now forever synonymous with the Manson family family family family family family family family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge a Our okay uh uh I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some some some some some some some some true crime history um you know um I mean like you know okay in in in in in in in in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like the headline-making okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um you know you know like uh Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters Mobsters Mobsters Mobsters Mobsters Mobsters Mobsters Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned their like I mean I mean I mean okay like like like like like like like like I mean way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who who who who who who who who craved notoriety this I mean uh uh um uh okay um week. We're looking back back back back back back back back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My My My My My My My My name well so I mean you know I mean well like is Mahmoud and and and and and and and and I am your host. So one of the things that I wanted to well well well well well well well well so like you know like okay well do when I started this podcast is explore explore explore explore explore explore explore explore topics that I am interested well uh okay you know well I mean like like like like like like like like in and I want to learn more about and one of those things is Ecommerce Ecommerce Ecommerce Ecommerce Ecommerce Ecommerce Ecommerce Ecommerce businesses you know well so uh um okay okay. How do how do how do do do do do do do do how do how do how do how do how do you start an e-commerce business? business business business business business business business How do you get the necessary licensing like okay you know uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the you know I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know I mean so well things that somebody who wants wants wants wants wants wants wants wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before so I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um like starting their business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of of of of of of of of creative nine seven one okay I mean okay uh okay like like agency created nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh well like here in the Middle East they work with local and international international international international international international international international brands in the Middle East you know okay well okay uh I mean okay some some some some some some some some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay you know well you know well learn from stories experience trials trials trials trials trials trials trials trials and errors to live a more measured life with less cussing um I mean you you you you you you you you know well okay okay you know unless absolutely necessary. All right, all right, all all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, welcome to measure once once once once once once once once cut twice podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your host Seth okay um uh well well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense no offense no offense no offense offense offense offense offense offense offense offense no offense no offense no offense no offense old and friend Bobby Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Hancock okay like you know I mean uh well so. Just glad you have an an an an an an an an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes with um I mean um uh I I I I I I I I mean um okay age. Not always the case. Do you do you do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you do you say that? I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know who said that I heard it you know so uh like you know you know know know know know know know know so in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I have been been been been been been been been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin you know uh like like like like like like like like okay like like okay in the name of the father and the son and the holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy spirit. Amen was called um okay like uh you know well so a mind all all all all all all all all those we promise to pray for. I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think the most exhilarating truth is that I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know you know so I mean um before the world was created God God God God God God God God already had you and I in mind each with I mean uh so you you you you you you you you know uh so uh our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no no no no no no no no other person you know you know I mean so so well okay can or or or or or or or or ever will take we were designed for this role and only we you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know well uh okay can fulfill it and if we don't no one one one one one one one one will Father favor and his spiritual conferences I mean okay uh you know well well well well well well well well you know like rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty specialty specialty specialty specialty specialty specialty specialty in US eternally, it was well so well uh you know um okay this this this this this this this this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to well well well well well well well well well like okay so you know I mean introduce to you the love love love love love love love love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea um I mean you know you you you you you you you you know well I mean okay that we had talked about in the past and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're just wanting to make it a um like like well like okay you know know know know know know know know reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So So So So So So So So here we you know I mean like okay okay well okay are welcome to to to to to to to to your first episode of the love the law. So we well like like like like like like like like like so okay okay uh kind of just want to talk give you an Insight of of of of of of of of you know, what made okay so okay you know like so well us start this this this this this this this this podcast and how we know each other and who we are like like I mean um like like like like like like like like so you know individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about about about about about about about about and like uh like I mean okay well uh so yeah, it's an introduction to to to to to to to to us. Yeah. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope we hope we hope you guys liked well I mean well okay uh well uh getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting to know us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, so, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, so, um, so, um, so, um, so, um, so, um, so, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it is it is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard well well well well well well well well okay uh I mean so like um. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we we we we we we we we have a special guest one. I think you I mean like uh uh well um um um um um um um um I mean guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the house house house house house house house house Nick how you know you know so well um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really good. So So So So So So So So I'll know uh um okay I mean so okay um you're back Florida was was was was was was was was good for the good good good. Now you called me you so you you you you you you you you know you know I mean you know like uh have a little bit of of of of of of of of a gripe about the results of the presidential draft I mean I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Jake it's Jake was so here again back with my so well so um um um um um um um um you know like so channel Festival selections going today free now, which is the first day day day day day day day day starting off with I mean okay so well uh um uh grade 1 action action action action action action action action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've I mean I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean well okay so currently got itchy feet at 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or uh well um um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh evil our home at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got so so I mean well um well uh mr. Fisher still listed and seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven to one but I believe he's going the um um okay well well so well article article article article article article article article samcro. To one for he later won. But I but I but I but but but but but but but but I but I but I but I but I believe it's been confirmed you know know know know know know know know you know uh well so okay okay. He's RSA band Now by Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank um uh you know know know know know know know know you know I mean I mean um for teens melons 16 and so so so so so so so so on so forth. I think I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I think I think it's like uh um uh I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh not really a race. I've looked I've looked I've looked I've looked I've looked I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've looked I've looked I've looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse horse horse horse horse horse horse horse you know you know uh uh um okay um to the back, but if I I I I I I I I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the the the the the the the the okay um well uh so well like TV talk now. We were off last week week week week week week week week. Really do your technical difficulties? So you know okay well well uh uh you know I I I I I I I I apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying so you know know know know know know know know so I mean uh um you know where is the after show? So we we we we we we we we figured on the week off? We're not actually okay uh um well you know um so so so so so so so so having an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up up up up up up up up. Have well well well uh uh uh okay a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay I mean uh okay well podcast of the of the app speaking for the the the the the the the the bag. Yeah, in other words so like um well like like okay Natalie deleted deleted deleted deleted deleted deleted deleted deleted all the footage for the first one. It was it was it was it was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was an accident. I so okay well well well well well well well well okay like uh okay didn't know how to work anchor the app. It was an an an an an an an an accident. I thought I so like so I mean like you know you know was was was was was was was was just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as as as as as as as as you I mean you know uh so like well you know press the trash can can can can can can can can which deletes everything that we just did and set up uh okay uh uh uh um um um um um um um um well for the past. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind so um uh okay um uh I mean of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I mean okay you know know know know know know know know so so I mean um I just can't figure out how this works. But But But But But But But But hello, but hello, but hello, but hello, but hello, but hello, but hello, but hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, I am I'm I'm well I mean uh well um okay you know let me me me me me me me me give you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel I'm Rachel I'm Rachel I'm Rachel I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel I'm Rachel I'm Rachel I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir I stir I stir I I I I I I I I stir I stir I stir I stir I stir awesome great uh you know like like like like like like like like you know okay uh you know if you're wondering why you never heard my name name name name name name name name before it's because you haven't because so okay um like well okay um I I I I I I I I in no way shape or form in any. Any circle of you know um um um um um um um um I mean I mean you know uh like any group of people and popular I'm not not not not not not not not famous. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just I'm just your abs the okay I mean like okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old old old old old old old old girl um like um I mean uh uh I mean. Just try to to to to to to to to figure out life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know I mean so have I feel like everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta you gotta you you you you you you you you gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta tell I mean um you you you you you you you you know well um uh um that devil who you are today. I woke up and and and and and and and and I told the devil you know you know okay well so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the head of of of of of of of of well so I mean okay uh well I mean all principality and power power power power power power power power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from the law of so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh so okay um sin and death. I am far from from from from from from from from oppression and the enemy cannot come near me uh uh okay uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know. I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I I I I I I I I Am Without like so um I mean okay okay so Blame before him in in in in in in in in love. Love I love I love I love I love I love I love I I I I I I I I love I am in right standing with the father. I well well I mean you you you you you you you you know well well you know have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of of of of of of of of God that surpasses all understanding so I mean well like you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world well well well well well well well well okay uh uh so I mean uh. I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I I I I I I I I have put up the old um uh you know you know well um um um um um um um um um and put on the new I have been given and it's been been been been been been been been given to me. I uh you know uh you know well okay you know know know know know know know know have no lack for my God shall supply all my needs. According to his uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know so uh uh like riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope you guys have been enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying all the well uh well uh you know I mean well shorter episodes that that that that that that that that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will okay okay um um um um um um um um so you know um I mean not be one of those. This is this is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is going to to to to to to to to be a nice long discussion so I mean I mean so like like um because we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be more more more more more more more more I mean so okay well I mean like um than one episode at least two episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes for us to get through all okay so so uh um okay so this this this this this this this this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good good good good good good good good well well well so okay I mean well. I'm excited that. We got Michael join join join join join join join join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar Jackson I mean so so so so so so so so like uh I mean um okay and compare it to Joe Flacco go go go go go go go go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm so I mean you know um so so so so so so so so you know well doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here here here here here here here here so I mean okay like like you know I mean to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like um okay so Julius. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal federal federal federal federal federal federal federal court today nearly 70 years after uh okay well you know okay so so the trial trial trial trial trial trial trial trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome um um um um um um um um like well so well okay uh to today and true-crime a par cast original original original original original original original original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm you know I mean well I mean um um um um um um um um I mean you know covering the 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg Rosenberg Rosenberg Rosenberg Rosenberg Rosenberg Rosenberg Rosenberg their actions against the so okay um like um okay I mean US were were were were were were were were considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case so I I I I I I I I mean I mean um like like well the crime of the century before we unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast is uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like you know I mean you know like about business Behavior. And the the the the the the the the Brain on this show. I do a few things. I read well um okay well well well well well well well well you know um okay quick articles. I've written I've written I've written I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've written I've written I've written I've written I've written about topics shaping your behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior. I interview authors of um uh you know um like okay I mean books. I enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering well well you you you you you you you you know I mean uh um you know your questions. If you if you if you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you want to ask me me me me me me me me a question visit the podcast page on I mean so I mean well like well well well well well well well well okay iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know uh so um a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include include include include include include include include your question a future episode okay I mean well like you know so like. So please please please please please please please please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always I I I I I I I I mean um um well I mean uh so visit me at near and farcom farcom farcom farcom farcom farcom farcom farcom. How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Choi I mean you you you you you you you you know so I mean okay you know uh for near and far.com meditation like like like like like like like like any healthy habit takes repetition to stick but you know I mean uh um well well well well well well well well okay um while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod well okay like um um you know you know. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Your Facebook conversions might be much lower I mean okay okay I mean you know um so so so so so so so so than you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean well I mean you know I mean have YouTube launches a very very very very very very very very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors you know like um um um um um um um um um like well you know and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a a a a a a a a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's okay here's okay here's okay here's okay here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's okay here's okay here's okay here's okay um I mean well so so I I I I I I I I mean what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good good good good good good good good digital uh so well okay like you know you know marketer does and set up up up up up up up up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those I mean so so so so so so so so okay um well okay you know all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like like like like like like like like Facebook and everything is within your control like well so so so well well. So So So So So So So So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything so like um well um okay um from Hardware to software in the world of of of of of of of of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you you know like I mean okay like I I I I I I I I mean you know can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and and and and and and and and devices. This episode you know I mean well you know uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We We We We We We We We wanted okay uh I mean uh okay so um to figure out the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that I mean uh okay um well like like like like like like like like um they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can can can can can can can can use it from so well uh well okay uh um your computer or your phone. There There There There There There There There are a couple things we really like about okay uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um uh anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record and edit your well you know um you know okay well okay podcast. They'll distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere and um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean like you know uh they have some ways for you to to to to to to to to make money on your podcast with no minimum I mean like um um I I I I I I I I mean like um listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your your your your your your your your very own so uh uh okay uh okay you know podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning awarning awarning awarning awarning awarning awarning awarning this episode features dramatisations and discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener you know well okay well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're about I mean uh um you know okay uh I mean to hear is not not not not not not not not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's episode I mean well well well well well well well well um okay so I mean um combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Legends stories and lure to give like well well you know you know know know know know know know know so you know you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC OC OC OC OC OC OC OC gentle waves lapped like well uh okay you know um you know upon the smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many pests dried you you you you you you you you know like I mean you know like uh well himself his morning swim had been a a a a a a a a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before you know you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like you know today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy okay um um um um um um um um so you know okay um I mean on which means we are answering your your your your your your your your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good um well I mean I mean like you you you you you you you you know uh. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay the last couple of days days days days days days days days my back was I mean um uh so like okay like much better. But now now now now now now now now it's really bad again might have been because I try you know well well well well well well well well well okay well so like to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart smart smart smart smart smart smart smart idea. I mean are so um uh you know okay okay uh you I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see um like well well well well well well well well I mean like like I mean you're one of these people who actually huzzah An An An An An An An An excuse not to treat so um um so um I mean um legs. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely I've definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely I've definitely I've definitely I've definitely I've definitely I've definitely I've definitely not as like like like like like like like like so like okay um like um soon as it feels better again. I will be be be be be be be be doing the same thing, but well okay well so you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers so fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers fingers so fingers so fingers so fingers so fingers so fingers so fingers uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh uh crossed that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal now if you okay you know uh okay um so so don't be a a a a a a a a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the the the the the the the the melody uh uh you know well uh well I mean our I'm my name is is is is is is is is Future and baying are your host today? And we um uh well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe vibe vibe vibe vibe vibe vibe vibe Checker. So kale. What's well uh uh okay um so so your what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's like what's like like like like like like like like what's like what's like what's like what's like what's like what's like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well well uh uh your Vibe? I'm just I'm just chilling dude dude dude dude dude dude dude dude. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just five minutes. Just had you know so well you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um a long day at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with with with with with with with with uh uh okay you know okay uh I mean the legendary. Dairy future future future future future future future future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star star star star star star star star so so well uh uh you know you know. Gary Glitter was convicted of of of of of of of of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today I mean so uh okay you you you you you you you you know so okay and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic nature of today's crimes like so uh okay well so uh. Listener discretion is advised. We We We We We We We We advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today okay I mean well like uh you know like like like like like like like like. We're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 then 61 then 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 61 then 61 then 61 then 61 then 61 then 61 years old who who who who who who who who was found guilty you know well okay you know okay okay so of of of of of of of of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back back back back back back back back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time time time time time time time time so like well so like so um what a time to be alive. So happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy so happy so happy so happy so happy so happy so happy so happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy New Year. It's officially March and like well okay so uh so well if you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches well like I mean like uh well well well well well well well well um. Really do celebrate the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is is is is is is is is you know you know so I mean so like uh coming up. Can you believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because well um like you know know know know know know know know like uh I mean winter I was just writing this in my journal winter is is is is is is is is always that period okay um I mean so well so okay of deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan um uh like um well okay um Brown and today I have a special guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest with me name is Josh character okay you know like you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South South South South South South South South University okay um okay well okay so so of South Carolina amongst a lot of of of of of of of of things. Would you would you would you would you would you would you you you you you you you you would you would you like to tell us so well like like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh some of those other things too when shots were characters character character my my my my my my my my bad, I uh so I mean uh um okay okay guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your well so uh so I mean like like host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want like well like uh I mean um like to to to to to to to to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus uh well well well well well well well well uh I mean like uh you know in Chapter 2 season 2. This This This This This This This This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team you know okay I mean okay well well well well well well well well so like calling all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit well uh I mean so okay so okay about anchor if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to so well so well uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you know like um well you know so you know to record and edit your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor um okay I mean okay um um um um um um um um you know you know will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple uh so so uh um like I mean podcast and many more more more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum you know uh so so so so so so so so I mean well you know okay listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place. Download the free you know uh um so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know anchor up or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back. It is like you know okay uh like so um episode or of of of of of of of of the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as as as as as as as as always. Hello Saturday hello Saturday hello Saturday hello Saturday hello Saturday hello Saturday hello Saturday hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean so well uh well Court of the United States upheld upheld upheld upheld upheld upheld upheld upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber so you know so so so so so so so so well um so uh. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're covering the Supreme Court's you know okay I mean well um I mean you you you you you you you you know decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's go back to the morning okay well I mean you know so you know well of of of of of of of of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in Texas. Richard you you you you you you you you know uh uh you know so um so Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution is advised um like um I mean you know uh so for listeners under 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski um uh well so so so so so so so so you know like well and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush on a ridge okay okay I mean well uh uh so above the the the the the the the the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean you know you know I mean was obscured by by by by by by by by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of uh you you you you you you you you know well I mean so uh well an effort to combat. Thousands of small wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild fires blazing along the northern reaches so uh you know like um so like of of of of of of of of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and he and he and he and he he he he he he he he and he and he and he and his comrades in the newly formed okay you you you you you you you you know so like you know uh well US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared cleared cleared cleared cleared cleared cleared cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were so I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay like overworked and understaffed. But many members of the the the the the the the the service still believe the situation was okay I mean you know um well um um um um um um um um I mean under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect those of uh you know um um I mean well you know the company and and and and and and and and its management for their more the views and opinions of the like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know like uh guests and the colors do not reflect those of of of of of of of of the DJ's the regular program okay I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well like the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on on on on on on on on but well well so like you know like I mean no by at go by in in in in in in in in a module on my adding my messy, Salient Emma so uh um well uh like like like like like like like like like. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you are you are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something I mean you you you you you you you you know uh uh well you know um to say but don't have the audience. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well anchor is here for you um well um um um like I mean. So break that mold mold mold mold mold mold mold mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free okay you know know know know know know know know like okay okay uh I mean anchor has simplified the podcast World in in in in in in in in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They you know well okay so so so so so so so so I mean uh okay do all the work for you. It's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the only opt opt opt opt opt opt opt opt out there that lets uh well you know like okay you know you know you you you you you you you you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what so what so so so so so so so so what so what so what so what so what so what are so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so I mean you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel like like like like like like like like um okay like uh so like how Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how how how how how how how how in the following day he like well you know I mean you know like like like like like like like like I mean gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be be be be be be be be with God I mean okay I mean uh so I mean like to be with with with with with with with with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up well okay like like well well well well well well well well so okay to be with the father in prayer, he went there to to to to to to to to pray and Simon well well okay okay okay okay well Peter comes to him him him him him him him him and he says to him we've been looking for you like so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know so and Jesus says while I needed to be with with with with with with with with the father but also need to go like like well uh um um well somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack okay um um um um um um um um well like so well I mean. It is the attitude of Jesus in picking the day day day day day day day day. He begins it by being so like uh uh so okay um with God God God God God God God God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay so um well talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name my name my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name is ranjan, and I I I I I I I I would be your I mean okay you know um uh well like host for the session session session session session session session session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? I mean okay so you know uh um um um um um um um um well You might have heard this term. If not, very likely that you will will will will will will will will hear uh so like like so you know I mean it soon programmatic programmatic programmatic programmatic programmatic programmatic programmatic programmatic advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this like like well well well well well well well well like okay well so automation makes transaction efficient and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating consolidating consolidating consolidating consolidating consolidating consolidating consolidating your digital so you know so so I mean I mean I mean advertising efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts in one technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for uh I mean well well well well well well well well well so so okay 25 years American global Awakening to the New World War War War War War War War War II American artificial intelligence American. Do well okay I mean okay you know I I I I I I I I mean um you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going going going going going going going going on? Everybody you know like well like okay like okay Dave bahr, my American American American American American American American American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's you know okay you you you you you you you you know I mean okay I mean well going on everybody. Finally got this freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking freaking OBS to work pain in the butt so you know okay I mean uh like like like like like like like like uh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my my my my my my my my hallelujah my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, so anyways, so anyways, so so so so so so so so anyways, so anyways, so anyways, so anyways, so anyways, I got on Instagram so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay so you know uh live last night. We have some some some some some some some some issues got on their hopped on had you know uh um uh I I I I I I I I mean okay you know a couple of I don't know ten minute conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation. Got some got some well um okay so you know okay like people on on on on on on on on their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your your your your your your your your um like so you know you know I mean you know Bohemian guide to economics economics economics economics economics economics economics economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean well uh you know I mean know critical thinking the word word word word word word word word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in well okay um uh well well well well well well well well well so all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an an an an an an an an article uh I mean okay um I mean you know well go. Hmm But is is is is is is is is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted to like you know well well well well well well well well so um I mean okay say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So So So So So So So So actually thinking not just critically well so okay you know okay like like like like like like like like well about the things that you receive but critically about everything to to to to to to to to be able to I mean like uh um um you know so doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the the the the the the the the history you know well I mean so so um like of song titles. It It It It It It It It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I mean well um uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from from from from from from from from PJ okay like okay well well so I mean Harvey on for 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also it's also it's also also also also also also also also it's also it's also it's also it's also it's also um you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like uh a number for 31. One out of five hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred on the Spotify. Orig the you know um you know like um uh like like like like like like like like 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal so so you you you you you you you you know uh uh so like. Thank you guys for joining me on the only podcast that that that that that that that that is going through Rolling well um you know well okay I mean I mean Stone Stone Stone Stone Stone Stone Stone Stone Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are there are there there there there there there there there are there are there are there are there are there are times that you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean uh you know okay like I look over this this this this this this this this list to see what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, you you you you you you you you know uh uh uh um I mean okay oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a little boy models podcaster starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting real soon uh um so I mean uh um okay. I mean your Colony gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants AKA you know you know like well well well well well well well well well well um garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old old old old old old old old grey balls AKA so um so well okay well so ATC AKA AKA. I I I I I I I I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I I I I I I I I apologize if I missed any please write me if I did um um um um um um um um you know okay so like like uh. Thank you for joining us on a new new new new new new new new episode. Sorry about last week you know uh uh like uh okay um. Apparently the the the the the the the the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with okay well I mean I mean okay um I mean me David Moore and and and and and and and and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly well you know you you you you you you you you know okay okay well so. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate even a Dave. Hey well you know uh so well um I mean them very very very very very very very very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting like like like like like like like like so you know like uh so uh down the top 31 Sports scandals of the the the the the the the the past 31 years in 1996 week, one you know uh you know okay like like like like like like like like I mean uh of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park Park Park Park Park Park Park Park. The excitement okay I mean so um like like well of thousands quickly turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded so well well well well well well well well well I mean like like I mean for more shocking sports events from history tune in in in in in in in in right here every day to you know like I mean I mean uh okay uh our our our our our our our our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July well well well well well well well well you know um so I mean so you know 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the the the the the the the the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the like I mean uh well well well well well well well well uh I mean like energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Mack and the heart attack okay I mean so um like well okay jammed on on on on on on on on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the the the the the the the the well okay well um I mean okay um division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I I I I I I I I am Bond diesel. I do division stuff uh I mean I mean uh um like okay such such such such such such such such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel and I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh like so like well have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word word word word word word word word of uh like you know you know uh um like the day is habitually habitually habitually habitually habitually habitually habitually habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark so you know uh okay well well well well well well well well well um over the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may you may may may may may may may may you may you may you may you may you may you may actually know the the the the the the the the meaning of uh like you know okay um you know like this word. Even Even Even Even Even Even Even Even if even if even if even if even if even if even if even if if if if if if if if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds so like um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so like and is related to a handful of other common words in English, including including including including including including including including well uh uh I mean I mean um you know habitual habituate and have it it it it it it it it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to uh um well um um um um um um um um okay uh um a place as in the aspiring painter was a habitue of art art art art art art art art galleries habitue so um okay um so uh you know is often used used used used used used used used for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as uh well well well well well well well well well uh um uh I mean pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you you you you you you you you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in in in in in in in in butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are are are are are are are are discussing so uh uh I mean uh um uh communism in the family A really really really really really really really really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited to okay like well well um um um um um um um um okay okay get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do do do do do do do do our um uh I mean I mean um okay well names and pronouns and And we're going going going going going going going going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My well uh so so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old old old old old old old old you know so like uh well um like Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You You You You You You You You know, the one where they've got the main employees you know well um I mean I I I I I I I I mean uh uh like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp camp camp camp camp camp camp camp and really cheesy and a okay okay I mean like okay I mean so so so so so so so so lot of fun. My name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my name my name my name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 like like like like like like like like like you know uh uh well I mean 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and and and and and and and and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip well like uh okay you know okay well well well well well well well well at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original original original original original original original original peasants so like uh like like so uh. They tally the life of a transgender transgender transgender transgender transgender transgender transgender transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders by the I mean I mean uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is is is is is is is is back from like I mean so well I mean uh uh Japan, but she is is is is is is is is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but so I I I I I I I I mean I mean um um you know so today's topic is going to be titled titled titled titled titled titled titled titled the poison in your pocket. As always well I mean so you know know know know know know know know so um you know this information on this podcast is not designed to to to to to to to to diagnose treat or prevent any condition well I mean uh I mean um like you know know know know know know know know. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek seek seek seek seek seek seek seek advice I mean like okay I mean um like like from your Healthcare professional. Before making making making making making making making making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha um like well so so so so so so so so like you know well babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv um like like like like like like like like okay well um so uh top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be be be be be be be be here. Welcome to the after like you know well um okay I mean I I I I I I I I mean Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers Bowers Bowers Bowers Bowers Bowers Bowers Bowers okay okay so well uh so um and I would like to introduce you to to to to to to to to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants okay um okay so uh well you you you you you you you you know we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a a a a a a a a question uh uh okay uh I mean I mean uh for us later later later later later later later later on our special segment and Ashley. We just we just we just we just just just just just just just just we just we just we just we just gone we're vibing uh so so so so so so so so like uh you know like you know providing has actually hiding a lot you you you you you you you you guys. So we've heard a lot of you know well so I mean well so so so so so so so so okay people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and and and and and and and and hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham uh like you know okay um so like with black with black with plants and and and and and and and and we're relationship with plants and we're here today on uh so okay like I mean well well well well well well well well um the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this this this this this this this this I mean uh I mean uh like uh I mean conversation and you know, just just just just just just just just like we always do this is a very fluid open conversation well so well well well well well well well well uh well like uh and to real you were talking a little bit with with with with with with with with me about your well uh uh I mean I mean you know I mean body body body body body body body body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for us to to to to to to to to well so like um you know uh like speak about and so my question for you you you you you you you you just to get right into it okay well like I mean okay so well because because because because because because because because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is understandings is understandings understandings understandings understandings understandings understandings understandings understandings is understandings is understandings is understandings is understandings is understandings is well you know so so so so so so so so um um um so my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and let let let let let let let let you so like well like like well well know how much it came and I I I I I I I I enjoy using anchor for our podcast. We love okay uh like okay well well well well well well well well well you know it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There There There There There There There There are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation like uh I mean like um I mean okay tools that allow you to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast from your phone or you know well well I I I I I I I I mean so you know so your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you you you you you you you you. So it can be I mean I mean I mean um I mean so so so so so so so so you know heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can can can can can can can can you know um well okay well like like make money from Podcast with no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's basically it's basically it's basically it's basically it's basically it's basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically it's basically it's basically everything you need to make um uh uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood um I mean um you know um so uh and I'm deep red neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a okay I mean like I mean um um um um um um um um I mean so crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, we've all you know so uh um like like um gathered here today to have an an an an an an an an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our so um uh well okay like like like like like like like like I mean podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good good good good good good good good. So we're um you know okay okay okay okay like here to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I uh so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know so get this out of the way a quick plug or big big big big big big big big plug we are now on okay I mean you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like like like like like like like like share subscribe follow like um uh well um well like retweet. Yeah. So we so we we we we we we we we put up the Kahuna per episode, which I mean like uh you know so so so so so so so so you know well is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear from you um well okay so like so uh guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and and and and and and and and guidance rather um okay you know like like you know you know than from from from from from from from from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like so okay well of the day, we can't live on Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara Amara for afraid of everything right well uh so well so um like. It just it just just just just just just just just it just it just it just it just it just it just has has has has has has has has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you um you know um um um um um um um um I mean you know I mean well will be legio be guided to exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to doing I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so I mean well it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I hope I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so so so so so so so so like um well so well uh well taboo? So I speak to you the amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer uh you know like okay you you you you you you you you know so I mean and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and and and and and and and and how she came to be okay like I mean okay so um you know disabled disabled disabled disabled disabled disabled disabled disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the World uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well well I mean um um perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities that were born with may you know well I mean I mean uh you know know know know know know know know so do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea I I I I I I I I mean well I mean like well like uh of ableism and how the world is is is is is is is is set up for people who are able-bodied as you know so you know I I I I I I I I mean like you know like opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function function function function function function function function in a very specific um okay um you know you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay way. It was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really really really really really really really really okay uh well like I mean you know uh interesting conversation. I really hope you you you you you you you you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to adulting today. I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um okay okay so a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly Donnelly Donnelly Donnelly Donnelly Donnelly Donnelly Donnelly comedian father to Bay you know okay um well uh well well Wells vegan vegan vegan vegan vegan vegan vegan vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean you know so um uh outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously very Snappy that I've been in um okay so well uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small well well well well well well well well okay you know um I mean um um range Lucas is important for respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living okay I mean like well like like like like like like like like okay um cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if if if if if if if if I mean um uh well so you know you know blood glucose levels are are are are are are are are too high. This can this can this can this can this can this can can can can can can can can this can this can have a negative impact on osmosis, like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay I mean okay which is the movement of water between cells by affecting affecting affecting affecting affecting affecting affecting affecting concentration gradients as blood so so I mean okay well you know um flows through the the the the the the the the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well you know so um concentration. Enough blood glucose if the concentration concentration concentration concentration concentration concentration concentration concentration of blood glucose is too high the okay um so like uh well um pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas releases the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect detect detect detect detect detect detect detect the you know okay uh well like uh well presence of insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form you know uh so um um um um um um um um well well um of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use Use Use Use Use Use Use Use this use this use this use this use this use this use this this this this this this this this use this process um okay well like so well um continues until the pancreas detects a a a a a a a a normal blood glucose concentration. If the if the if the if the if the if if if if if if if if the if the if the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today today today today today today today today. This um um you know so like uh so is actually an interview that that that that that that that that I did with cave on Divani on his total like you know know know know know know know know uh so well so uh Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show show show show show show show show and cave-ins super nice guy uh okay okay you know well uh uh been putting out out out out out out out out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people on like I I I I I I I I mean well well I mean well um a show really interesting format and had a a a a a a a a great conversation with them. So I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so I so I so I I mean okay like um you know you know know know know know know know know so thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the the the the the the the the first half um okay so so okay so uh there was I think we had some some some some some some some some bandwidth issues. So the the audio was spotty like you know okay like like like like like like like like like so I mean in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you you you you you you you you want to follow cave on um um um okay um like uh his his his his his his his his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle you know know know know know know know know uh um I mean well I mean so is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the well so so so so so so so so I mean I mean well well well 4th of March 2020 with split expectations expectations expectations expectations expectations expectations expectations expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in like like like so I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean the morning. Hoping that hoping that hoping that hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping hoping that hoping that hoping that hoping that hoping that the RBA would come to the the the the the the the the table with a rate I mean well well like so you know well well well well well well well well cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a a a a a a a a uh well so so like um well new round of asset purchases to 30 the the the the the the the the RBA Mets the market expectations and I mean okay well like um you you you you you you you you know well cut the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for oh for for for for for for for for oh for oh for oh for oh for oh for oh for the big Banks Banks Banks Banks Banks Banks Banks Banks quickly passed so well so okay okay you know uh on the right cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump uh like like like like like like like like okay like um okay you know tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit suit suit suit suit suit suit suit. It seems they have the okay okay okay I mean well well so so so so so so so so Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points points points points points points points points. This is uh so I mean um so so like the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime podcast like like like like like like like like so well well well well well in this week. We are on episode 13 of of of of of of of of To this is the secret today you know like okay um you know okay like. We We We We We We We We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene stew stew stew stew stew stew stew stew uh well like um I mean I mean well Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg Eisenberg Eisenberg Eisenberg Eisenberg Eisenberg Eisenberg Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in you know um uh um um so so so so so so so so well the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or or or or or or or or comments participant well well so I mean like uh like skip any personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I guess I mean uh well well well well well well well well I mean well okay I mean that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga here, but you came on my I mean so um okay well well so personal experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity I mean I I I I I I I I mean um um okay like I mean case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views views views views views views views views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not um uh okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this you you you you you you you you know uh um um um okay you know podcast listeners discretion is advised said these these these these these these these these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then he Cortina uh so well like like like like like like like like okay uh uh mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally they tally they tally they tally they tally they tally they tally they tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host host host host host host host host okay uh you know uh um well um Pearson Fowler and with me as always from from from from from from from from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to like uh you know I mean like uh like like like like like like like like talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi State um okay uh I mean you know uh I mean Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, Again, Again, Again, Again, Again, Again, Again, the again, the again, the again, the again, the again, the again, the again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did and like you you you you you you you you know like I mean well um you know it wasn't the easiest road to to to to to to to to victory for South. Carolina they got up big um I mean well well okay like like like like like like like like well early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and and and and and and and and uh I mean um well you know I mean you know then by the the the the the the the the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast like like like like like like like like you know well well okay uh uh because you know, they only won by 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 and most of the time they were up by okay okay you know you you you you you you you you know um uh like like six or something like that but it felt comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable in South Carolina did like you know well you know so I mean um um um um um um um um it without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from a a a a a a a a uh so uh well I mean um well lot of different areas and as much much much much much much much much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult you know like like uh so you know okay subject matter including details of sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be like uh you know okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh suitable for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up up up up up up up up something like I mean um okay you know I mean uh about sex with an adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's uh I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay I mean happened to them. This is this is this is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is a public service announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement from 1984. It was made uh okay well so I mean you know you you you you you you you you know by activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse abuse and um well um um okay so like this PSA was one way they they they they they they they they were doing it. It features social workers um um um um you know um like like like like like like like like therapists doctors popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter I'm smarter I'm smarter I'm smarter I'm smarter I'm smarter I'm smarter I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at Crescent Crescent Crescent Crescent Crescent Crescent Crescent Crescent I mean um I mean okay well uh you know Adam Telfer in the news. We We We We We We We We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 so uh okay okay um like well well well well well well well well has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets well well well well well well well well well like like so you know I mean by sensor Tower third epic question, question, question, question, question, question, question, question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay okay you know and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million million million million million million million million series GT LED By Andreessen you know okay well um I mean uh you know Horowitz Horowitz Horowitz Horowitz Horowitz Horowitz Horowitz Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you how you how you you you you you you you you how you how you how you how you how you guys doing? All like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like you know so okay right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going going going going going going going going to rush through this one, okay like uh well okay okay like right? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start with so so so so so so so so well okay like well uh I mean updates and I've got three three three three three three three three quick updates. First of all got to give like okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well well a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie um you know so you know I mean so I mean and I'm Jessica this this this this this this this this week. We are talking about what we I like to like well um well well well well well well well well um like you know call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different different different different different different different different points of view and we're okay okay you know like I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also of course um um um um um um um um uh well like I mean uh uh do our wine pairing because we are are are are are are are are your Somali A's and this week we're going like uh well you know uh so so so so so so so so uh with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like like like like like like like like exfoliation. I uh uh I mean like so well like would like to recommend Santa Santa Santa Santa Santa Santa Santa Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year well um um um um um um um um uh like um like um old Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended intended intended intended intended intended intended intended to Swindle her family like well um well like you know okay out of their Fortune Fortune Fortune Fortune Fortune Fortune Fortune Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're okay well so like like like like like like like like uh like I mean covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by by by by by by by by Edward Wakefield a okay you know okay okay um okay so 30 year year year year year year year year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's so um um okay like like like like like like like like well I mean go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March March March March March March March March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name so well well well well well well well well so uh like so so is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie Lizzie Lizzie Lizzie Lizzie Lizzie Lizzie Lizzie from number 27 salon, and we like okay I mean so you know um um um um um um um um you know run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of of of of of of of of I mean I mean um um so well well Secrets of a salon owner, which which which which which which which which is all about funny stories that focus of us okay uh well like you know know know know know know know know uh okay have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every every every every every every every every Tuesday. We are so okay I mean well well I mean like going to bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us so if you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've okay uh like okay I mean so like got any funny stories, please do email email email email email email email email us and we'll give you the email address at I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean uh okay like the end of the podcast. So Lizzy so Lizzy Lizzy Lizzy Lizzy Lizzy Lizzy Lizzy Lizzy so Lizzy so Lizzy so Lizzy so Lizzy so Lizzy so Lizzy who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's telling the first story? I will start like I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like uh with my first two because these are the these are are are are are are are are the ones from when I like like well like so uh okay was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called called called called called called called called three days later, okay you know I mean you know I mean uh well which which which which which which which which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys and and and and and and and and this like I mean well um I mean okay so podcast is our journey that that that that that that that that we took to bring them home whether through infertility like um uh I mean like so so so so so so so so like adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this is is is is is is is is Journey um uh you know um I mean um I mean so I decided to to to to to to to to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every day. I you know um like like like like like like like like so like well well get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have have have have have have have have a friend that's going you know um well well like uh uh through infertility infertility infertility infertility infertility infertility infertility infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them your way or um like like like like like like like like uh so so I mean well I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And this so so so so so so so so okay like okay like uh so segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind. I so uh so uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you if you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you were born in in in in in in in in uh uh um I mean well so so a western country, you're probably more more more more more more more more familiar with Western astrology. And so if um you know you know so I mean I I I I I I I I mean you know you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there there there there there there there there is a um um I mean you know you know uh uh wealth of of of of of of of of information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way you know know know know know know know know so um well okay uh you know to put it simply is that you you you you you you you you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but so so so so so so so so well okay um like okay like I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin grin and the self-styled um um I mean like like I mean I mean bad boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr I mean um um um um um um um um you know you know okay you know so. D'andr Alpha. All right right right right right right right right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all you know uh so so so so so so so so um so well like know Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend manager. Yeah big-time you know I mean so uh um so well manager in the the the the the the the the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick I I I I I I I I mean so you know um you know okay so on or near the the the the the the the the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around like so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like like good guy. This is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and and and and and and and and it's about so uh I mean um well um like celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time time time time time time time time it's time it's time it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing show start brushing I mean um um okay well I mean you know know know know know know know know on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles circles circles circles circles circles circles circles around I mean so I mean okay you know like well each each each each each each each each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story of a like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean okay so um heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is is is is is is is is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm okay you know well okay you know well uh Workers Workers Workers Workers Workers Workers Workers Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat okay I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean so that grew up in California and a family with with with with with with with with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father well you know you know so you know okay um um um um um um um um worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have have have have have have have have you know like um like like you know well much money, but Dolores was was was was was was was was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know well well a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou Thou Thou Thou Thou Thou Thou Thou shalt not like I mean you know okay uh um you know covet thy neighbor's wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his like like well you know well well well well well well well well you know you know cattle nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given given given given given given given given quite exclusively to so like I mean well um so uh the Jews nevertheless in in in in in in in in part. They also concern us for they do so I mean I mean uh you you you you you you you you know well well not interpret them as referring to unchastity or theft because these are are are are are are are are sufficiently forbidden above they um I mean so like okay like um also thought that that that that that that that that they had kept all those when they had done or not I mean I I I I I I I I mean well like I mean I mean like done. The external act. Therefore God therefore therefore therefore therefore therefore therefore therefore therefore God therefore God therefore God therefore God therefore God therefore God therefore God has added added added added added added added added these two Commandments in order well you know okay well well like so so so so so so so so that it be esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where the you you you you you you you you know so so you know well you know so Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will will will will will will will will we will we will we will we will we will we will we will will will will will will will will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the well you know so you know know know know know know know know like I mean okay slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters characters characters characters characters characters characters characters setting conflict in okay you know like um um um well irony in the the the the the the the the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious um um um um um um um um you know I mean well you know well I mean Roald Dahl. He was born in in in in in in in in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most famously known like you you you you you you you you know like so like um well for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG BFG BFG BFG BFG BFG BFG BFG and Matilda. He has um so I mean so okay okay so sold over over over over over over over over 250 million copies worldwide. What a what a what a what a what a what what what what what what what what a what a what a legend now, let's talk about the plot I mean um um um um um um um um well well I mean you know you know Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is is is is is is is is waiting in her house for her husband turned from work okay like like like like like like like like uh like like so I mean. It seemed to be a normal night for for for for for for for for mr. Millhone, but he seemed well um well you know so well uh to to to to to to to to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say say say say say say say say that so um okay um okay well you know you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing with the comments with the you know okay um so uh uh like reviews with with with with with with with with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I wanted like like like like like like like like I mean so like so um you know to do a nice classic Creepypasta Creepypasta Creepypasta Creepypasta Creepypasta Creepypasta Creepypasta Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted uh so I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy grumpy grumpy grumpy grumpy grumpy grumpy grumpy girl okay uh so I mean okay okay uh. 1081 the two guys that that that that that that that that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so uh you know so their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis Alexis from Fargo. You guys have been uh uh so well uh well um amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So So So So So So So So a so a so a so a so a so a so a so a a a a a a a a I mean I mean I mean you know okay like you know good five months almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but like um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like like I think I need to take a break. I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's I mean okay you know okay I mean um like me Charles entertainment cheese and and and and and and and and today's episode. We'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk we'll talk we'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey um hey um hey um hey um um um um um um um um hey um hey um hey um hey um so like so you know know know know know know know know like I mean everybody and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from from from from from from from from bulldozers. Hey move uh okay like you know you know so you know dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean um um so scary Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks want to to to to to to to to hear more take it away. Okay, folks well so like um uh um so enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have been been been been been been been been so well um okay you know like like responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing well. Brother. There is there is there is there is there is there is is is is is is is is there is there is Sean Stephenson. That's a uh you know you know okay uh you you you you you you you you know you know bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And And And And And And And And we're okay um like okay okay okay uh back. Once again. We're on myself and and and and and and and and produce a Charla here to steal you around another um like so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your your your your your your your your Friday arvo little bit well well um um okay um so later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Thomason you know okay uh well um um I mean. We're back here on jailhouse tall tall tall tall tall tall tall tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want to give I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean you know okay you know a shout out to all you you you you you you you you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually have well uh uh uh so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were like Hey, well well well well well well well well um so I mean okay uh you know we're gonna just make a a a a a a a a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and we've actually like well okay so I I I I I I I I mean like like had a lot of people we don't know know know know know know know know listen to it and people reach out okay uh like uh like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for the first you you you you you you you you know um you know so I mean um you know time. So thanks so thanks so so so so so so so so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks for caring if you want want want want want want want want to send us an email where he you know you know okay like so I I I I I I I I mean so would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so far if if if if if if if if you want you know I mean well um I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here here here here here here here here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here here here here to tell you about like so okay okay okay uh okay anchor what's anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest okay okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know like way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There's creation tools you know okay I mean um so I mean you know know know know know know know know that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone well you you you you you you you you know uh I mean well so okay or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you, so it can be heard on well you know well like like like like like like like like like like so Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your um like like like like like like like like um you know um okay um podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in okay I mean so well like uh I I I I I I I I mean one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to to to to to to to to get started. Hello okay uh uh well you know you know so and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I uh well well well well well well well well I mean so so so well wanted to take a brief moment today to let let let let let let let let you know about the easiest okay I mean like I mean you know you know like like like like like like like like way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know okay um okay are actually having a service to host and and and and and and and and distribute the show as well as okay you know okay so I mean well I I I I I I I I mean software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually I actually I I I I I I I I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually paid money to host host host host host host host host you know well so well so um like the packet a podcast and have a a a a a a a a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also I mean like um so so okay like using using using using using using using using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we well you you you you you you you you know okay so you know so you know need to record host and Ribbit our our our our our our our our podcast for free either from my computer okay uh uh you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity well well well well well well well well uh so like so I mean you know to make money with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. If you're serious about starting your own you know I mean like um so I I I I I I I I mean well podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app app app app app app app app or go okay you know like I mean uh um you know to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting topic okay I mean okay um okay I mean uh. We're going we're going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater uh I mean you know so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean cheater pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, it's / higher you know you know uh I mean like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys. Where Where Where Where Where Where Where Where well where well where well where well where well where well where well where where where where where where where where well well uh you know uh you know you know are you guys listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As if you know well well well well well well well well okay you know like um uh you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is this is episode I mean uh um I mean um like well 48 baby. We're almost about about about about about about about about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so I mean um um um um um um um um so well um I mean well so blessed to be here to be an instrument instrument instrument instrument instrument instrument instrument instrument of service to all of so you know okay like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode well well well well well well well well like um I mean well so um 48 and today's subject is growth or or or or or or or or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects. You well so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so uh can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait to you know um so uh uh I mean I mean get started. This This This This This This This This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 you know know know know know know know know uh like well um like like Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real real real real real real real real estate entrepreneurship at the age uh well like well you know uh I mean of 18 over over over over over over over over the last four years have built plenty of other businesses along you know well well well well well well well well so I mean so so like with Carlson sow and couldn't have have have have have have have have been, you know more fortunate and blessed like you know like I mean well well well well well well well well I mean uh to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I I I I I I I I so well like I mean you know um well want to thank you for your support and and and and and and and and listening to each episode and I hope um well so uh okay like like like like like like like like well you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way way way way way way way way to okay so uh like well like um make podcast. It's totally free free free free free free free free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so you know so you know your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor will distribute your podcast for so well well well I mean so you know know know know know know know know you. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast so so so so so so so so so so I mean um like well and many more you can also make money from from from from from from from from your podcast. It's everything um well uh uh well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you need to make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to um um um um um um um um uh uh uh okay like like Anchor FM to get started at every touch touch touch touch touch touch touch touch point of you doing business with your well like so like so I mean like like like like like like like like customers give them 10 times the value that they expect will comes to mind you you you you you you you you know you know so uh you know I mean um is my book book book book book book book book The Five AM Club. I spent four years on the five am Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club okay I mean okay uh okay uh okay. I rewrote it over 50 times every every every every every every every every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this I I I I I I I I mean well well um okay like like is your first time listening, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American uh you know like I mean I I I I I I I I mean well you know money management, and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend dividend dividend dividend dividend dividend dividend dividend growth strategy. I thought I mean you know I mean I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um this episode was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but but but but but but but but a bunch of like you know so I mean you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean things that happened this week. So this is going to be a a a a a a a a portfolio update episode. Obviously, you know like uh uh I mean uh well we we we we we we we we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean um so so I mean got Bob Iger. He's out he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's out he's out he's out he's out he's out he's out he's out at at at at at at at at Disney and we also have into its seven billion you know okay well you you you you you you you you know so like I mean dollar purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the the the the the the the the opinions expressed in this podcast you know like like okay well um like for for for for for for for for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money so you you you you you you you you know uh so I mean like you know Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who who who who who who who who serves as a portfolio manager to private so okay okay well well you know know know know know know know know well accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush Bush Bush Bush Bush Bush Bush Bush and employees of um uh uh well okay you know so amm in in in in in in in in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those are those are those are those those those those those those those those are those are those are those are those guys just follow up. They said said said said said said said said you know okay uh I mean you know you know well that when Lee was was was was was was was was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going to you know you know know know know know know know know okay you know I mean like um start running after him. But anyway, yeah to to to to to to to to that video every one well uh like um so okay uh of us. I I I I I I I I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe uh you know like like like like like like like like so uh well like that there is this life we can live that that that that that that that that that's just a little bit further um well um okay so okay you know know know know know know know know than where we are that if we get enough power we can we can live live live live live live live live I mean well um um um um okay this life that is extraordinary. And and and and and and and and and and so Way we think about this like uh like okay like well well as we we we we we we we we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined well um you know um I mean well you know enough in in in in in in in in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life so you you you you you you you you know you know uh so well you know. Then maybe I can get there there there there there there there there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its uh I mean well like I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is well well well well well well well well you know I mean so um um like based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and um um so like you know like like like like like like like like okay youth Ministries websites. It is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is it is it is it is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow in um like okay um uh well um your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through through through through through through through through your daily time with him. Remember like you know so so so well well your your your your your your your your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses well so so so so so so so so uh you know okay I mean so 1 through 3. So all the congregation congregation congregation congregation congregation congregation congregation congregation lifted up their voices and cried and I mean like uh like like like like like like like like like you know okay the people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained complained complained complained complained complained complained complained against I mean like I mean so um like I mean Moses and Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron and the whole congregation said to them if only we so um you know um um um um um um um um um well uh had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, what's guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that that that that that that that that I mean well well I mean um you know uh our podcast is supported supported supported supported supported supported supported supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's I mean I I I I I I I I mean um well well uh uh the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me explain it's free. There's uh um so well well uh you know creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your well you know so so so so so so so so like uh um I mean phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone as we speak. Anchor you know so um like well uh uh Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify you know know know know know know know know you know like uh okay so okay Apple podcasts and many more you can make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum so like well like like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in in in in in in in in one I mean so well like I mean so so place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to like you know you you you you you you you you know well um like well get started now back to the show. Wash Wash Wash Wash Wash Wash Wash Wash up wash up wash up wash up wash up wash up wash up wash wash wash wash wash wash wash wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we have we have a treat um uh you know um okay like okay for episode 96 96 96 96 96 96 96 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good uh like okay um like like like like like like like like okay like old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories on the ups okay like so so uh um I mean and downs we we we we we we we we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little bit well well well well well well well well well so you know um you know you know of fun then you may have just found found found found found found found found what you're looking for. Hi and welcome to well like you know uh okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host Louise Clark Clark Clark Clark Clark Clark Clark Clark a uh okay so well like well I mean certified parent coach known to many many many many many many many many as your parenting partner as a mom to like okay well I mean um um um um um um um um I mean you know three teenagers you can bet. I've probably I've probably I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've probably I've probably I've probably I've probably I've probably I've probably been there done done done done done done done done that and heard it you know okay well uh um like uh all trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like I mean um created this podcast because I just love to help help help help help help help help moms like you find ways I mean like okay like um you know you know know know know know know know know to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way out of of of of of of of of it. You I you I you I you I you I you I you you you you you you you you I you I mean so well so so I mean okay cannot change your your your your your your your your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone okay so so so so so so so so you know uh I mean okay like always writes after they get out of school school school school school school school school about how they couldn't do uh like so okay uh well um their taxes and and and and and and and and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why well so so so so so so so so I mean you know um uh you know didn't somebody teach them do their their their their their their their their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's like so I mean uh well well well well well well well well okay um called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to to to to to to to to like I mean like you know well like you know add and subtract numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line I mean like like so so you know know know know know know know know like them up in a column you add some together, you subtract some the the the the the the the the Part so you know well uh okay uh you know about that is you were were were were were were were were taught how to follow directions. There's directions at the uh you know so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean top of the paper. You were supposed to read them. You read read read read read read read read you read you read you read you read you read you read you read those directions and and and and and and and and okay I mean well you know um I mean uh you follow them. So you you you you you you you you were taught that in school that was in elementary school well um um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay the fact that you can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't well well well well well well well well okay you know so uh um like mean that you weren't taught that in school school school school school school school school. It just means that like well I mean I mean like you know know know know know know know know okay you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may may may may may may may may you know uh okay uh well you know um find offensive. Listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden okay I mean so uh well uh well well well well well well well well frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within within within within within within within within and echoed you know uh so okay um I mean uh into the darkness darkness darkness darkness darkness darkness darkness darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor with her 13th I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay so okay like so child. No Midwife would help her everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone who lived nearby whispered that she was a witch you know uh um well well well well well well well well okay uh uh. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched on in in in in in in in in horror from the so so so well like well so corners of the room room room room room room room room. She couldn't provide for another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week Week Week Week Week Week Week Week fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The The The The The The The The world's I mean like you know uh uh okay well number one fashion Ponder my my my my my my my my mother as usual as I know his mother since you know I mean I I I I I I I I mean well like like well I must mother has been on social media media media media media media media media recently. Okay funny okay funny okay funny okay funny okay funny okay funny okay funny okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay funny story right last weekend. I uh so like like well okay uh went back back back back back back back back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son you so like like you you you you you you you you know uh you know um are doing this. Ian, what ian, what ian, what what what what what what what what ian, what ian, what ian, what ian, what ian, what is this? Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very bad son um uh I mean well okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro well well well well so um I mean. 31 episodes bro. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 well so you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the I I I I I I I I mean uh uh you know I mean so so number for all neighs now today today today today today today today today. We have a very special guest now. I well I well I well I well well well well well well well well I well I well I well I well so like you know so so so so so so so so you know uh know it's a lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering um um um um um um um um so uh I mean I mean okay I mean when in this season season season season season season season season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready to like like okay um like so well do another couple shifts with my my my my my my my my the Locum Java have and had a had a like so um okay I I I I I I I I mean um uh thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some some some some some some some some you know functioning you know you know I mean uh um um uh on on on on on on on on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone message me me me me me me me me so okay so I mean you know um okay on one of my social social social social social social social social channels about you know, struggling with a decision. They wanted to you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well so make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get get get get get get get get into RN school um okay well you know so well you know and they they they they they they they they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode so so so so so so so so well um so like like you know 2. First of all, I'm going going going going going going going going to actually introduce myself because I didn't so uh well um um you you you you you you you you know so do that last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor from Sydney okay you know like I mean you know okay I mean and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So So So So So So So So I'm well well I mean uh like I mean like Andre and with bedre, I I I I I I I I am an actor. And I would say I'm I well so you you you you you you you you know um you know uh so would classify myself an artist because I imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all well um so you know you know know know know know know know know uh okay about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I I I I I I I I am an so well you know you know um like uh actor but I also also also also also also also also delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing so well you know well you you you you you you you you know like uh. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video video video video video video video video series. It's you know I mean um so well you know like your boy Sasha. I I I I I I I I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off. Wow you wow you wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow you wow you wow you wow you wow you wow you know you know know know know know know know know well like you know uh well. What a what a what a what a what what what what what what what what a what a what a what a crazy week in the sports card market and and and and and and and and World. It has okay um you know you know I mean well you know know know know know know know know been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of of of of of of of of well um you know okay like well like the specific cars that that that that that that that that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone up okay like like like like like like like like uh well I mean I mean uh significantly. So let me break through those purrs with with with with with with with with you because I think that's actually well um um I mean um um um really really really really really really really really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you like you know I mean like you know I mean uh just base prison prison prison prison prison prison prison prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this now, this now, this now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, this now, this now, this now, this now, this was February like um um um um um um um um okay I mean um you know like 27th. Currently the last three sales sales sales sales sales sales sales sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter it'll matter it'll matter it'll matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter it'll matter it'll matter it'll matter it'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your host like I mean so I mean well uh like any pain fucking livid livid livid livid livid livid livid livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm uh I mean okay well well well well well well well well okay so so so pumped right now here with me. We have a we we we we we we we we have g hi like so well well you know you know so. Hey, how's it it it it it it it it going? Man to man to man to man to man to man to man to to to to to to to to man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips. Hey, okay uh you you you you you you you you know um so so okay what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going going going going going going going going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with like okay well uh so uh like the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the referee for now and until eternity um I mean um you know okay um you you you you you you you you know now long. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a a a a a a a a Bailey. I'm so uh so so so um like playing Tucson and he's a a a a a a a a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's at okay so I mean um um um um um um um um I mean so I mean Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners you know like okay okay well you know uh before we get into into into into into into into into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean uh like. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. It's uh um uh you know you know I I I I I I I I mean okay free. It's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a a a a a a a a creation tools well well so so like um so that allow you to record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um I mean so so well makes it very simple and color distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes your pockets for you can be well you know um like so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from um um um um um um um um um you know well I mean so uh your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right I mean you know you you you you you you you you know so I mean okay okay in one place download the free a a a a a a a a tinker app or go to Anchor dot uh um um I mean so um um um um um um um um uh. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. I I I I I I I I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely just just just just just just just just okay okay um so I mean well I mean want to thank everybody for the the the the the the the the support and for showing us so much you know um okay well so uh like love love love love love love love love. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh okay you know well okay today's topic. Which is which is which which which which which which which which is which is which is which is which is which is which is is is is is is is is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I uh you know well I I I I I I I I mean so well well asking like what in the world does not even even even even even even even even know like what is my insecurities having xiety? I mean I mean um um um um um um um um I mean I mean you know I mean Well, there's a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel like a so you you you you you you you you know well like you know you know so lot of people kind of take take take take take take take take that in just one way which is like how okay okay um uh okay um um um um um um um um well you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. Those and those and those and those and those and those and those and those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening you're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and and and and and and and and you know um you know you know so well I mean insights for for for for for for for for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of you know well well well well well well well well so you know uh I mean so Latter-day Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for being here with me this week. This I this I this I this I I I I I I I I this I this I this I this I mean like um you know know know know know know know know uh well um episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My My My My My My My My mom uses to make this so I mean I mean I mean okay so so so so so so so so you know podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to to to to to to to to start well um um okay um you know well podcasting. Anchor is free to use and and and and and and and and they have a creation tool that allows like uh uh well like okay like like like like like like like like you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will you you you you you you you you know uh so uh okay you know you know also distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you. So it so it so it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and okay okay uh okay um um um um um um um um like okay many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all all all all all all all all well I mean so you know um so well in one place. Don't free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to a Pratap FM you know um um I mean uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today and today and today and today today today today today today today today and today and today and today and today we're going to be going going going going going going going going through well okay you know okay I mean okay uh a kemetic meditation. So So So So So So So So the so the so the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying um like um well you you you you you you you you know you know I mean down on your back with your legs lengthened out out out out out out out out arms at your sides. You can uh uh uh okay um I mean well well well well well well well well also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want well well well well well well well well well well I mean well uh I mean to make sure that your your your your your your your your back is flat up against your chair or a wall if okay so like like like like like like like like well I mean well like you have your legs crossed and if you are are are are are are are are sitting in a chair have your um I mean well okay um like I I I I I I I I mean feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once you you you you you you you you well you know you know uh um like uh find either you're sitting or or or or or or or or you're laying position with your hands, I want you to I mean I mean um um um um um um um um so okay I mean um find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel navel navel navel navel navel navel navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top you you you you you you you you know okay uh I mean well I mean you know now let the buzz. What What What What What What What What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me um like so so well well well well well well well well like I mean after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season season season season season season season season 1 episode 9 fog of you know well like okay you know like like War War War War War War War War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real um I I I I I I I I mean uh you know well like like and we have so much to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and you know um so okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have have have have have have have have Ashman so you know you know I mean like okay well what's up guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in that that that that that that that that you know so so so uh um uh jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 today. I'm excited to do the I mean uh well uh so like um adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in I'm in I'm in in in in in in in in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in the back. A A A A A A A A monkey well so okay I mean so like you know in the middle right guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, what did you think of this episode? uh so uh so uh so uh so so so so so so so so uh so uh so uh so uh so you know uh uh so like This This This This This This This This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well okay well so chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy chat. I am Laura uh I mean like like uh you know like like like like like like like like and today you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh cat is okay so like um you know well um so great great great great great great great great. I just want to let you know that she's one of I mean well like like like like like like like like okay uh okay I mean the most loving and complimentary people I've ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner I mean uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um uh. Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like Laura knows well like well well okay okay well. My number one. Love language language language language language language language language love language love language love language love language love language love language love language language language language language language language language is words of affirmation. I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel I feel I feel I feel so loved also well um I mean um um um um um um um um well you know you know lures the best because full disclosure. This is is is is is is is is the third time when you're trying my like okay I mean I mean so um you you you you you you you you know section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like you know know know know know know know know like well okay so so you know to keep it real here on trees Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified Laura. Yes to yes to yes to yes to yes to yes to yes to yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that that that that that that that that real like okay okay so um like uh quick was just absolutely not no just try try try try try try try try to see if I don't like you that I mean so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so um much yet. Are you reading the same know you always always always always always always always always you always you always um I mean uh like I mean so uh had live live live live live live live live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back to couple things with Sean and like okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay like Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through through through through through through through through we are I mean so okay like well like like excited for for for for for for for for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify so uh well I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean I mean what it is. When we ask the other couples couples couples couples couples couples couples couples. We interview what Their Love um so I mean like you know I mean like like like like like like like like Languages So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours like you you you you you you you you know I mean like okay well well are and why we think they're important. But But But But But But But But before but before but before but before but before but before but before before before before before before before before but before we get into it, if you know like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening that um um uh uh like like uh really helps us out and We love love love love love love love love hearing your feedback as well. So the uh like um well uh like um um um um um um um um idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are how how how how how how how how are how are how are how are how are how are how are so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um like um uh you? I'm good. How are you? I'm so so so so so so so so good. So so good. It's well well like like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well been it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last last last last last last last last recorded okay okay well uh well you know you know. Yeah, and we we we we we we we we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know like so we did. This is this is this is this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is actually hints to everybody at at at at at at at at our behind-the-scenes process, but this like well okay okay you know like like little Snippets recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests um like I I I I I I I I mean um so well well on a little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was was was was was was was was here because of the uh so um I mean uh well uh way that you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know well I mean recording the intro after we record the actual actual actual actual actual actual actual actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro I mean so uh so you know you you you you you you you you know I mean this this snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So So So So So So So So it just the okay so I mean I mean okay so you know way it works works works works works works works works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last um I mean like like like like like like like like uh um like like step the set this guess we didn't have time time time time time time time time to yeah. But anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um like well so hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a a a a a a a a One-Stop shop when it comes well so like I mean okay so um to to to to to to to to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast I I I I I I I I mean uh like you know well uh I mean. You name it? it it it it it it it They've got a way to distribute to it on top of that like uh so so so so so so so so I mean I mean you know uh. They have they have they have they have have have have have have have have they have they have they have they have editing tools baked right into the the the the the the the the website makes life so much simpler back well you know you know so well well well well well well well well uh so when I started podcasting. It was it was it was it was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was an entire to do you had had had had had had had had to know you know well like well okay well um how to record it where where where where where where where where to record it how to upload it pay for the well uh well well well well well well well well okay like uh I mean hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they they they they they they they they will hook you I mean um well you know uh well um up with with with with with with with with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or go go go go go go go go to uh well so um well uh okay Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get get get get started. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening you're listening to the tenants on so um you know so um um um um um um um um um I mean the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at at at at at at at at patreon.com forward slash Kyle um you know uh like like okay like Dempster Studios, you you you you you you you you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you I I I I I I I I mean uh you know uh well I mean um want to hear the inner workings workings workings workings workings workings workings workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also we also we also we also we also we also we also we also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask a so well okay like like uh well short favor. If you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're interested in either either either either either either either either of the two books that well I mean like so like so well I have have have have have have have have written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the the the the the the the the well so like okay okay uh like anxious truth.com books there. You can learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn about both books one of which um like um well uh like uh is free free free free free free free free and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each I mean um um um um um um um um well so well okay so book is released and how you can get it it it it it it it it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, so like you know like I mean like I I I I I I I I mean let's get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the the the the the the the the anxious truth? um like you know so um like um Welcome to episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left um well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like uh to get to a hundred. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying to arrange a special guest to I I I I I I I I mean like you know like I mean well so be on the hundredth episode. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know if it's going to work out so like like um uh so so but I'm trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so uh I mean uh so. So I'm going to rant a a a a a a a a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two you're two you're two you're two you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're two you're two you're two you're two years old. And I and I and I and and and and and and and and I and I and I and I and I love you. This is fun like like like like like like like like uh um I mean I mean well like to speculate a podcast where we speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now uh um I mean so well okay you you you you you you you you know here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of of of of of of of of fun to speculate uh like okay okay uh so so. I'm your host host host host host host host host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer Vlad. Hi guys okay so so so so so so so so uh okay well uh well. I'm back. Well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes you were sick last for the last last last last last last last last episode. That's right. Yeah, because in you know uh so um okay so so the the the the the the the the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually been a while since we like like like like like like like like um well so um um well uh sat here to do and episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 2 because we recorded so many episodes in like I mean okay so so so so so so so so okay so like um a three-day time span and we had a nice little break break break break break break break break in between and now we well okay you know you know um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh have to catch up and record one like every week or schedule another okay you know know know know know know know know so well okay like okay week of insanity. That's okay though. I love I I I I I I I I love I love I love I love I love I love I love this this this this this this this this show. I love this show uh well so so okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. I want this show. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope everyone in the world listens to that's a so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean um okay little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of people enjoy I mean um uh like well you know like it it it it it it it it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in in in in in in in in session I mean I mean you know uh you know so uh and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is episode um okay like like like like like like like like I mean well uh you know two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to to to to to to to to give you the scoop on so uh so okay I mean well well Student Student Student Student Student Student Student Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this week week week week week week week week to chitchat I mean I mean I mean well well uh um about our favorite snacks on on on on on on on on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to you to you to you to you to to to to to to to to you to you to you to um uh so you know so okay um introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, like um um um um um um um um well um uh um well Ohio. So just so just so just so so so so so so so so just so just so just so just so just an hour east of Campus Campus Campus Campus Campus Campus Campus Campus. I'm on the exec board for Outlook our so well uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator as well Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun Sun. Hi okay um um um like uh like everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore sophomore sophomore sophomore sophomore sophomore sophomore sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely not one and so okay like well well you know so a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with with with with with with with with my friend uh uh well I mean um uh okay and some fruits at at at at at at at at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is Brock like like okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot apricot apricot apricot apricot apricot apricot apricot. It's so hard for you know well okay so well uh like me to believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey. It has okay well you you you you you you you you know like well like you know become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your your your your your your your your dad and I could have uh I mean I mean like well well like like like like like like like like imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before before before before before before before before we go I mean um I mean so so you know I mean any any any any any any any any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of well well well well well well well well uh uh I mean um um well our virtual CM on Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that America was okay you know uh I I I I I I I I mean so I mean well going to be changed in the class already. And And And And And And And And so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it is it is it is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your your your your your your your your well um I mean uh you know so uh personal development one tip at at at at at at at at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also um um so so so so so so so so you know like okay um is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His His His His His His His His name is Alex Sheen and okay you know you know um like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean he is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the the the the the the the the mission um like you know okay uh um I mean of the charity is to to to to to to to to give people the resources and accountability. They need to okay uh like like well well well well well well well well I mean you know live with courage and honor. I'll get I'll get I'll get get get get get get get get I'll get I'll get I'll get I'll get I'll get into more detail detail detail detail detail detail detail detail about because I said you know okay um I mean well okay well it it it it it it it it would in the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like so you know well okay to Alex's Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to uh I mean okay okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well make promises only when we mean them have a listen. So if you you you you you you you you look at so uh so uh um so okay Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is is is is is is is is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will certainly so well okay so so so so so so so so so uh well happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised. I like like like like like like like like like okay I mean uh um I mean guess there was a time. I think think think think think think think think it was my 18th birthday that that you know okay so um like like like like like like like like uh so I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it it it it it it it it out um uh I mean you know uh uh uh a little bit the day up up up up up up up up. But for the most part very few things surprise uh um like you know know know know know know know know so okay you know me. It is difficult to imagine the way way way way way way way way that the disciples must. Have felt have felt have felt have felt have felt have have have have have have have have felt have felt have felt here um like uh uh like like well towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 you you you you you you you you know like well okay well uh I mean following it says this and the evening of of of of of of of of that first day of the week when okay uh uh so okay uh like the the the the the the the the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so uh uh so uh. Jesus came jesus came jesus came jesus came came came came came came came came jesus came jesus came jesus came jesus came and stood among them and said said said said said said said said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um I mean you know like Giants for Kingdom of the Giantscom Giantscom Giantscom Giantscom Giantscom Giantscom Giantscom Giantscom. Today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's I mean okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like okay Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 points or when a loss in like you know so you know like I I I I I I I I mean uh overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we we we we we we we we used to okay well you know well um um well last number of weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a so okay so you you you you you you you you know you know you know like turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well so well bit of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and and and and and and and and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci you know um so okay like I mean you you you you you you you you know a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I so so so so so so so so uh so um uh okay okay will guide you through this reading in season 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 episode 558 reflect on um like uh you know you know so you know Cicero de finibus finibus finibus finibus finibus finibus finibus finibus 331 The chief got consists in applying to the conduct of you know um you know know know know know know know know you know I mean uh well life and knowledge of the working working working working working working working working of natural causes choosing what is in accordance uh uh I mean you you you you you you you you know like I mean so with nature and rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to to to to to to to to do I mean you know uh you know I mean um so a meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to um okay uh you you you you you you you you know well so like carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and and and and and and and and positive okay um so okay um well like thoughts to a body of water by healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing the water. We also receive this okay okay well um well like you know healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing ourselves as our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are are are are are are are are you know you know I mean uh um well okay connected with his water water water water water water water water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been guided to create I mean I mean like like like like like like like like so like okay um this meditation to help people in China to increase their their their their their their their their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this this this this this this this this week okay I mean like I mean okay like okay. Okay, we're not even done with with with with with with with with the I know you didn't watch the show, okay like I mean you you you you you you you you know well I mean like but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, this has nothing to do with anything we've well so uh um okay um um um um um um um um I mean ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk in and you know uh like you know okay um well the very last episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is Blind within the so I mean like like like like like like like like okay like well like Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, me and my girlfriend okay um um you know okay like uh had been been been been been been been been watching it for the past two days. We were we were we were we were were were were were were were were we were we were we were we were up till like o'clock well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so so so in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally invested in the two I mean well so uh uh so I mean of of of of of of of of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you know um like well you know um um emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He gets a little bit like um okay so so so so so so so so like okay um whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's a a a a a a a a very so so um you know well um like emotional man and but but but but but but but but but he loves her very much. However today however today however today however today however however however however however however however however today however today however today however today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down um um um um um um um um you know you know okay I mean uh okay today. I've got the lovely trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer cheer as my special guest for the well okay uh uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the the the the the the the the you know I mean like like like uh well coffee first and then then then then then then then then then let's do a little talk about you and um I mean like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean finance and where we are. So I've so I've so I've so I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've so I've so I've so I've so I've taken here. Thank you for for for for for for for for being brave enough I mean uh um um um uh uh on a Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference so you know um well well well well well well well well I mean so like. So we're in this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a a a a a a a a bit of a so okay okay I mean I mean okay well bar called Holly house in in in in in in in in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't so um like okay you know know know know know know know know well you know think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, Martini, Martini, Martini, Martini, Martini, Martini, Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time time time time time time time time out of okay um I mean well so okay well your day to join join join join join join join join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like um so well hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with with with with with with with with our investment team. Please like please like please like please like please like please like like like like like like like like please like please like you know um okay okay like you know note that that that that that that that that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided um like uh I I I I I I I I mean um you know like in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect defect defect defect defect defect defect defect McMaster University the degroote I mean I mean um so um so so School School School School School School School School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay like you know like so individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the the the the the the the the hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk like so well well well well well well well well okay well okay well to you about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest well you know so well you know well well well well well well well well well way to make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because because because because because because because because okay you know um I mean okay okay um it's free. Also, there's a lot of of of of of of of of creation tools that allow you to so I mean um um like you know know know know know know know know I mean record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and and and and and and and and okay I mean um uh I mean uh like anchor will distribute your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple um well well you know know know know know know know know okay um well podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is is is is is is is is you can make money from your like you know uh I mean well well well well well well well well well so podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay okay okay um you know make a podcast all in one place? So So So So So So So So check out anchor download the anchor well okay uh um uh well like app app app app app app app app or check out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for for for for for for for for you uh well well um like you know I mean right there. So do it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so well uh just do talk about that for like that like mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid break part where you so okay I mean you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do do do do do do do do the well you know you know um like I mean like thing and then we we we we we we we we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry Potter you know okay so you know you know okay so podcast. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um so you know Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading rereading rereading rereading rereading rereading rereading rereading our favorite childhood book that this time well like like well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 & 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 I mean um um well okay um you know of Goblet of Fire. Correct Correct Correct Correct Correct Correct Correct Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't remember at uh so okay okay well well well well well well well well well um this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well I mean like should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails cocktails because yeah hell yes make the strongest you know you know okay like you know know know know know know know know um I mean cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do do do do do do do do yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do do do do do do do do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is is is is is is is is Eric like okay so I mean well well you know. I'm Sarah. If you you you you you you you you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed we completed we completed we we we we we we we we completed we completed we completed we completed we completed the so you know know know know know know know know like okay well okay like first half of the New York Times 36 questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions to make you fall in like well like you know so um uh love love love love love love love love and Soon into it. We realized we realized we realized we realized we realized realized realized realized realized realized realized realized we realized we realized we realized that it was going to take okay like like like like like like like like uh okay like well um a long time. So we split it up up up up up up up up into two episodes and here we uh I mean okay you know like um uh are are are are are are are are back for part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give you you you you you you you you know like you know um uh you know okay a little bit more context context context context context context context context and I think what we've determined is that the okay like uh okay you know so so so so so so so so so questions are getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into three three three three three three three three sets you know you know you know so so I mean uh. Definitely and and and and and and and and definitely and definitely and definitely and definitely and definitely and definitely and definitely and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well I mean okay so so my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I don't well um um um um um um um um um well like you know you know know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which yeah, which yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, which yeah, which yeah, which yeah, which yeah, which yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa bappa bappa bappa bappa bappa bappa bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, like uh so well well okay so it sounds like like like like like like like like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush well um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know like mush mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs um okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like so so so so so so so so like I mean uh like so like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This This This This This This This This is well so so okay uh I mean um Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one one one one one one one one of the three founders from medical and you our so you know so well so so so so so so so so so I mean listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone call to the well okay um so so you know uh pitch room isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear we'll hear we'll hear we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll hear we'll hear we'll hear we'll hear we'll hear a pitch um you know know know know know know know know you know okay uh I mean so the likes of which we've never had on the the the the the the the the show before. What does it you know you know like like well like you you you you you you you you know pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product is built built built built built built built built in all okay uh I mean like so uh um the founder has is an an an an an an an an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn so you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay like into a big business today on the show. What What What What What What What What a what a what a what a what a what a what a what what what what what what what what a pitch sounds like when all you well okay so okay you know know know know know know know know I mean like have are a few scratches on the back of the the the the the the the the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This uh um I mean like you know like uh is the pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's my name's my my my my my my my my name's my name's my name's my name's my name's my name's Jordan Harper and join join join join join join join join with um like I mean I mean well I mean uh me as Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after well um like I mean you you you you you you you you know like well an Alabama win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama loses so well I mean you know you know so um so glad to to to to to to to to have you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good like like like like like like like like okay well like like like okay to be here good to get a win so so so so so so so so I can actually record today I mean I mean um um uh uh you know know know know know know know know. So it's pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It It It It It It It It I mean um well um like okay uh gets lonely sometimes but especially after after after after after after after after losses. But today we're glad to be you know okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like like joined by Blake level who's the host of walked walked walked walked walked walked walked walked on a sec podcast. You can so uh you know I mean um you you you you you you you you know so follow him on Twitter at Blake level and he he's someone that is is is is is is is is Alabama fan you know I mean so okay I mean you know I mean by day day day day day day day day Auburn fan by night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and like like like like like like like like like like okay well well you know does a great job of covering SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado like I mean so like you know know know know know know know know okay you know. How are how are how are how are how are how are are are are are are are are how are how are you doing boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting the so okay like well you know like okay record after a win. What What What What What What What What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and and and and and and and and confessions I mean uh like uh okay so I mean. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, what's up up up up up up up up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has you know uh I mean um um um um um um um um uh well you know been very interesting for me. I also like I've been been been been been been been been dealing with some issues one um uh so so so so I mean can can can can can can can can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say say say say say say say say like Darkness like okay uh okay well so um. And just and just and just and and and and and and and and just and just and just and just and just trying to find the ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways for me to be able to kind of marry well uh you know know know know know know know know like so well so that anger that I have inside with the positivity that I I I I I I I I also have inside. We okay okay uh I mean uh um okay all go through through through through through through through through that I guess so how deep it does the rabbit hole uh uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so you know go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like like like like like like like like I sort of like um uh like uh so I mean I think it it it it it it it it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be be be be be be be be your well I mean so okay I mean well um host for our daily devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and to renew so you know know know know know know know know like well so you know I mean the title for today's devotional is loud loud loud loud loud loud loud loud and passionate. And the memory verse is taken from so I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay well John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and and and and and and and and greatest day so I mean so so okay you know you know of the festival festival festival festival festival festival festival festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know you know so um is thirsty come to me and drink when when when when when when when when we view the invitation to come well I mean so so um like well to to to to to to to to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for for for for for for for for Saturday mornings I mean I mean um I mean um so I mean. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he um like well well well well well well well well I mean like uh well likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit different. I keep thinking so uh um uh so okay okay about our guest. Mrs Mrs Mrs Mrs Mrs Mrs Mrs Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to resonate well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like like you know like with so many of you out there. I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I want I want you to listen. This one all okay like well I mean so um um um um um um um um like the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty you know I mean I mean well okay uh like well at the end of this this this this this this this this half hour episode this half hour uh well like so okay well well well well well well well well okay goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't so like uh well you know you know um please share the episode people need to to to to to to to to hear her story. They need to hear about so okay like like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different different different different different different different different storms that have okay okay um um uh uh okay taken place in her her her her her her her her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you think like I mean um um um um um um um um well like so okay write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to to to to to to to to you about so okay uh I mean well like um anchor if you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is you know well like like like like like like like like I mean like I mean you know the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Not only that it's free. There I mean um you know uh uh well so are are are are are are are are creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from um um um um um um um um well okay okay uh so okay your phone or your computer. And the best thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for okay okay so okay okay like you know know know know know know know know you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many many many many many many many many um so okay okay so you know you know more. It's everything. You need to to to to to to to to make a podcast all in one place, so well you know so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean don't If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f m-- to get uh okay so well like you know you know started. Alright now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you like um well you know I I I I I I I I mean well so guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode number four uh so um well like well you know and it's so crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy to think that we've been doing this together for uh you know okay like um um um um um um um um I mean um four weeks. I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I I I I I I I I guess I guess I guess what they say about time flies when when when when when when when when you're having well so uh so well well uh fun. It's true, or at at at at at at at at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the the the the the the the the music you know so you know you know well um like Joe. We're recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording now start with me. We got we got we got we got we got got got got got got got got we got we got we got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do so like okay so so so so so so so so I mean okay uh the music for the guest right now. Is this this this this this this this this the show this is where I mean um okay um so I mean um in in in in in in in in the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like uh okay um like podcast and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We We We We We We We We review everything we like I mean um you know uh um so have a a a a a a a a guest today. We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's right that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's right that's right that's right that's right that's right that's right that's right there so so so so so so so so okay I mean like so like okay now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let well like you know uh uh like you know me explain it's free free free free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit okay so I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean like so your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for I mean well I mean like you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you. So it so it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you you you you can so well I mean so you know so um make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make you know uh uh like like like like like like like like okay uh well a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my my my my my my my my podcast called condiment okay okay um you know um well well morning handicapped handicapped handicapped handicapped handicapped handicapped handicapped handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back back back back back back back back to the uh uh I mean uh like I mean uh galley dating 101 podcast. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so happy to be here with you all. Whoo okay uh well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady lady lady lady lady lady lady lady back. Yes. It's been you know so well like okay I mean well a a a a a a a a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be back well well well well well well well well well um um um well so. Thank you guys for all your support for for for for for for for for listening to all the podcast so you know well like I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and and and and and and and and getting suggestions you know um so okay you know well okay as far far far far far far far far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics like well so um uh okay well you'd like us to discuss. So we we we we we we we we so we so we so we so we so we so we so we are are are are are are are are in mind that if well um um well you know well like you are sending sending sending sending sending sending sending sending suggestions that there that you are not the only person right sending suggestion uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know okay okay well well. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise praise praise praise praise praise praise praise you. It uh so so so well okay you know was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like like like like like like like like I'd like I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy um um um um um um um um so so well I mean you know okay. So their focus is all about execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up okay like okay like well well um um um um um um um um with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours so so so so so so so so so I mean uh I mean I mean like countless efforts of prepare. During During During During During During During During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of um um well so well like I I I I I I I I mean strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, but so okay okay like um uh uh the problem is sometimes most of of of of of of of of the effort goes to waste why because they uh um uh you know know know know know know know know so uh um don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first you know know know know know know know know like I mean so like I mean well of all, it's episode 4 for for for for for for for for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well so well anyway, Mike I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes watching. It's not a well okay I mean well you know you know like like like like like like like like trick question. Okay. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I I I I I I I I don't have um um so okay so so like to fucking kill you you you you you you you you because I was looking in the news. Out of out of out of out out out out out out out out of out of out of out of out of the so you know like like like like like like like like like you know I mean I mean day that died. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he he he he he he he he said his whole life okay like um um well uh okay trying to prove prove prove prove prove prove prove prove the Earth is flat. He said he said he said he said he said he he he he he he he he said he said he said he spent his days for $18,000 making a a a a a a a a so like so uh um uh you know rocket. He said he said he he he he he he he he said he said he said he said he said he said I happen when the the the the the the the the rocket took off the parachute went off of so so you know well um um um um um um um um you know okay it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as as as as as as as as we well like uh um you know I mean you know could have been been been been been been been been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking well um like like like like like like like like okay I mean you know well idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like like like like like like like like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today and today and today and and and and and and and and today and today and today and today and today I'm interviewing had had had had had had had had so okay so uh I mean well um girl Izzie Wilson about time management management management management management management management management and how she does it. So is he so so so like well well well well well well well well like like do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you you you you you you you you do? Yes, so okay you know okay um so like it's very tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had well so uh well well well well well well well well uh so you know girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have have have have have have have have to learn especially well so uh so well um um when doing gcses and and and and and and and and a-levels. So I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so I so I have some days where I meant to be uh um um so so so so so so so so well like so in three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I I I I I I I I do need to have ways uh uh um you know uh like I mean of of of of of of of of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host host host host host host host host an EF so like like uh I mean well I mean down down down down down down down down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, you you you you you you you you uh so um you know well okay uh know, it's from our good buddy. Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy like so uh like like like like like like like like um like so of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you for your kindness you know so you know uh so so well to to to to to to to to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send your love prayers prayers prayers prayers prayers prayers prayers prayers so okay so I mean I mean I mean you know. And if and and and and and and and and if and if and if and if and if and if and if you would would would would would would would would like to donate to help them it's again at pray for Jillcom well I I I I I I I I mean I mean like you know like you know. They on the show is one of of of of of of of of my favorite the one of the okay like I mean uh so like so so so so so so so so OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our space one of well well well well well well well well um you know um like I mean uh my favorite friend. She's just she's just just just just just just just just she's just she's just she's just she's just she's just she's just hilarious Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Melanie Shankle. She's a New York Times bestseller and um um I mean I I I I I I I I mean um okay okay her most recent book just came out last week if called on on on on on on on on the bright side uh okay like um uh uh okay and it is excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent. We jumped right in we haven't caught up in a um so you know know know know know know know know I mean so uh like little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7. I'm I mean um so so uh I mean um a to McFadden today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are two well like um like uh you you you you you you you you know I mean very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in in in in in in in in college and you know like you know uh well like okay we're all very different people people people people people people people people but we get along like great and the thing so well like uh um well well well well well well well well well is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um uh um okay backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the but the the the the the the the the but the but the but the but the but the but the thing is were very very very very very very very very close friends. And like and like and like and like and like and like and and and and and and and and like and like so you know okay I mean like well if anything that that that that that that that that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could so so so so so so so so you know okay um well so so go ahead and please tell me about about about about about about about about your background how which like of I mean I mean so so I mean um um um um um um um um okay course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up up up up up up up up very um so so I mean uh like well Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is um um um um um um um um you know okay like so I mean you know Ann Foster. And this is a a a a a a a a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't know why I like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean like made there be so many words in explaining what it is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, but I think I've um I mean like so I mean you know okay explained it it it it it it it it properly in every episode so far. So in so in so in so in in in in in in in in so in so in so in so in season one, we were looking um um um um um um um um like um uh uh like uh at women who who made history by quote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote misbehaving which is sort of okay you know I mean uh so uh you know know know know know know know know like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people people people people people people people people I mean uh um you know so um uh this season we're looking at women women women women women women women women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
