6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well uh well like I mean show start brushing on the top of your your your your your your your your your mouth on one side, but don't I mean uh like okay well uh okay like like like like like like like like like brush too hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be be be be be be be be be talking um well like uh so you know like so about different heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic women from history tonight. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got we've got we've got we've got the story of kuti Yoon, okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well uh like like one of the most powerful female warriors in ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient times. In ancient times there like uh so like you know like I mean you you you you you you you you you know was a kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was was was was was was was was was ruled by well okay well well so um okay uh leaders called the cons and and and and and and and and and could a union was the daughter of the like well well uh uh um um um um um um um um um like okay great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good good good good good good good good good you know you know you know I mean like like uh you know form before we we we we we we we we we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf um you know you you you you you you you you you know like like you know I mean uh shafts. I got to give a a a a a a a a a big thank you to the man on the phone you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know uh like. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior director of marketing Innovation for True so okay I mean well I mean you you you you you you you you you know you know well Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I I I I I I I I I know Don that you you know okay so I mean so like like you know know know know know know know know know have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh I mean like uh you know also has what a Baseball division a Hockey Hockey Hockey Hockey Hockey Hockey Hockey Hockey Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I so I mean I mean um so well well well well well well well well well um uh correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct like like like like like like like like like okay I mean so I mean okay so uh. So true Sports, so so so so so so so so so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about um okay um okay uh I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh the middle of last year and then you know, we we we we we we we we we have a hockey Division. I well I well I well I well I I I I I I I I I well I well I well I well I well so um I mean like like like like like like like like like so like um lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true true true true true true true true true. So it made well like well okay you know you know um so sense for for for for for for for for for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or I I I I I I I I I mean so so I mean um okay you know like to Templars were were were were were were were were were really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand um okay well you know uh uh you know okay nine playoff winner and former General General General General General General General General General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to well I mean okay well um um um um um um um um um so so you know the podcast been a while. Yep, a lots changed since since since since since since since since since the few years our last Co-op I mean I mean so okay so well well well well well well well well well um I mean view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been been been been been been been been been very rare. You're uh I mean uh uh you know well uh so not not not not not not not not not been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since like uh um um um um um um um um um so um you know okay okay In a few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down I mean you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean like okay okay I mean the top 31 Sports scandals of of of of of of of of of the past 31 years today. We're looking back to April 30th uh so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean uh uh 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only only only only only only only only only two games away from clinching a uh well I mean you know you know I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or opponent. Steffi Steffi Steffi Steffi Steffi Steffi Steffi Steffi Steffi. Graf would graf would graf would graf would graf would graf would graf would graf graf graf graf graf graf graf graf graf would graf would be you know uh like uh uh uh uh you know the least least least least least least least least least of her problems as a crazed fan with a knife would successfully halt halt halt halt halt halt halt halt halt um so well well like like um well the game. Celes is career for more more more more more more more more more shocking sports events from history tune so well so you know like like like like like like like like like like you know so in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen free on Spotify you know well so well so like so um or wherever you get get get get get get get get get your podcast. April 30th april 30th april 30th april 30th april 30th april 30th april april april april april april april april april 30th april 30th april 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of the you know so so so so so so so so so so uh you know I mean okay you know Hamburg open 19 year old tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like okay like the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her her her her her her her her her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some okay so well like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are are are are are are are are are shifting a uh well okay uh uh well so um little bit. We are going going going going going going going going going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going I mean okay um you you you you you you you you you know you know uh okay uh to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode tripod episode tripod episode tripod episode tripod episode tripod episode tripod episode tripod episode tripod tripod tripod tripod tripod tripod tripod tripod tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with okay okay you you you you you you you you you know so so so I mean like pumping them out at the moment boys thing you you you you you you you you you don't know about this like I mean so so um uh like I mean episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean like okay you know get a call from a listener, even even even even even even even even even though this isn't life and we must I mean like I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so well stop what we're doing answer the question and then we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll just continue to roll on. So you know so uh uh you know well well well well well well well well well um like you guys are swept that is this If is this the the the the the the the the the quad point is this or well you know well like like okay uh you know we we we we we we we we we getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings you know know know know know know know know know okay um I mean you know okay I mean like of a stitch-up stitch-up stitch-up stitch-up stitch-up stitch-up stitch-up stitch-up stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel uh so so so so so so so so so you know okay well okay you know I mean just as you just smack it it it it it it it it it down six months because I it's been nagging well I mean you know well um you you you you you you you you you know uh so us for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment segment segment segment segment segment segment segment segment on let's get well um so you know um I mean uh okay enough signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about it. So I've so I've so I've so I've so I've so I've so I've so I've so I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured structured structured structured structured structured structured structured structured I mean uh uh I mean like well uh um walks. It has helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think duration work okay you know know know know know know know know know so like so like so so in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching a dog how to do nothing you know so I mean I mean uh I I I I I I I I I mean so uh for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong. I'm a well okay so I mean well I mean okay like huge advocate of exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like I mean um uh show, but it's like I'm a huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper okay you know know know know know know know know know so um I mean so I mean like diet. We feed raw you don't have have have have have have have have have to feed raw, but there's not too many good well so so you know know know know know know know know know like so uh you know. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great great great great great great great great great how to well well okay uh I mean so well I mean start your dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can okay well so you know I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay uh buy. It's like 1999 and you can download it and and and and and and and and and and then we're big like like so uh like okay okay um on engagement games games games games games games games games games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember um remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember um remember um remember um remember um remember um remember um remember um remember um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean okay uh um you know we're pet dog trainers trainers trainers trainers trainers trainers trainers trainers trainers. So as so as so as so as so as so as so as so so so so so so so so so as so as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies and and and and and and and and and um well I mean so you know um um like gentlemen, go go for a a a a a a a a a wild wild ride with the want to see I mean um uh well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For For For For For For For For For your own safety seen um you know okay you know I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is well well well well well well well well well I mean okay um uh like well um someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene scene. He has been on the okay uh well I mean well so well okay podium podium podium podium podium podium podium podium podium. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm like I mean so well um well uh okay trying to think of topics. I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating um I mean so I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean well um a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, well, yeah, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, it's not not not not not not not not not because I do beat my wife. It's because okay okay you know I I I I I I I I I mean so um okay I mean I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, Yep, Yep, Yep, Yep, Yep, Yep, Yep, Yep, you heard it here water so um um well uh uh so you know know know know know know know know know pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um okay so so okay going to start this pod with water dripping dripping dripping dripping dripping dripping dripping dripping dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We okay uh I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay um we just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how alright, how how how how how how how how how alright, how alright, how alright, how alright, how alright, how alright, how alright, how art art art art art art art art art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm so you know well you know so so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean on one. Yeah. That's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a a a a a a a a a that's a that's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to due to due to due to due to due to due to to to to to to to to to due to due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is is is is is is is is is advised this episode so um okay I mean uh uh uh well includes discussions of of of of of of of of of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise you know so so so so so so so so so um you know well okay like well Extreme Caution for children under 13, 13, 13, 13, 13, 13, 13, 13, 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a good day like uh uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um like for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain snow melt I mean um um like I mean okay okay uh from the the the the the the the the the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It was the so you you you you you you you you you know you know okay um so uh you know perfect condition for fish right right right right right right right right right for the catch. Alone angler alone angler alone angler alone angler alone angler alone angler alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone angler alone angler alone angler stood in the cold I mean like you know so you you you you you you you you you know you know so like muddy water searching for a spot to drop his his his his his his his his his line as his gaze traveled so you know I mean like well okay so okay down down down down down down down down down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something large I I I I I I I I I mean so you know okay well okay uh you know bigger than a fish too too too too too too too too too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this I I I I I I I I I mean like uh okay okay you know I mean uh episode is going to to to to to to to to to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part uh you know well well well well well well well well well I mean well you know like well in the human trafficking that we see see see see see see see see see in America today. So we're actually like so okay like um um um um going going going going going going going going going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how like well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean okay so adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry. Especially with especially with especially with especially with especially with especially with especially with especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially with especially with in Hollywood uh like I mean well uh I mean okay I I I I I I I I I mean. We are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these these these these these these these these these um you know you know so I mean so um like sponsored messages messages messages messages messages messages messages messages messages. Here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where where where where where where where where where here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard like well um I mean uh okay so like about anchor is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real you know I mean okay like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know quick and let you know that it's completely free. There's these these these these these these these these these creation tools that allow okay you know uh um so well well okay you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends you you you you you you you you you know I mean like well okay you know like I mean Jay and Sarah. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going to feel better and you know know know know know know know know know uh okay I mean um you know I mean um that are to to to to to to to to to do right fucking Savage. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is sad, but shower a podcast where so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well like well well well we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share share share share share share share share share the Journey of going like like uh um like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I I I I I I I I I roll around like well uh uh um like okay okay the ideas. We have about about about about about about about about about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years okay um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay you know so. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you you you you you you you you you kind of have to go through and um so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like um like learn things over again. It's the it's the it's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the world is because because because because because because because because because you kind of lived in that incubator like well like you know well so so so so so so so so so okay you know for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life life life life life life life life life. It's just like you build with well you know uh I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay someone. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and and and and and and and and and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been well well well well well well well well well um well I mean you know you know okay okay told I have read that that that that that that that that that back in the day a massive School of sardines I mean so uh you know so so so so so so so so so okay okay uh underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough a enough a enough a enough a enough a enough a enough a enough a school school school school school school school school school of sardines was powerful um uh like you know so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push push push push push push push push push so um um well well so well I mean it the other way tile friends. If you you you you you you you you you want to change for better in well like uh so you know um I I I I I I I I I mean so this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected respected respected respected respected respected respected respected respected you more well well I mean I mean you know like okay you you you you you you you you you know as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so like I mean so uh well podcast is really puts fastest fastest fastest fastest fastest fastest fastest fastest fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active Navajo um you know so so so so so so so so so you know okay okay I mean I mean may be both active but healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy honking. Hi. Well a well a well a well a well a well a a a a a a a a a well a well a well a big question mark on I mean well well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh so that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly maybe sickly sickly sickly sickly sickly sickly sickly sickly sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe sickly a teacher who showed a uh okay well uh like so like like like like like like like like like like total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the um um um um um um um um um like okay okay like you know uh okay trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to to to to to to to to to do okay I mean like okay um okay um uh with self-discovery self-development and empowering empowering empowering empowering empowering empowering empowering empowering empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series so you know uh well well well well well well well well well I mean uh like like were a child with interesting people about about about about about about about about about their careers and their life and their um well um uh uh uh okay you know know know know know know know know know families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you I I I I I I I I I mean like you know well you know you know well you know stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay tuned and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of of of of of of of of of the okay like so okay um well I mean you know end and and and and and and and and and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if so so so so so so so so so if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if you miss well uh uh uh well um okay well a week Weak don't worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry. You can always come back. So make sure that um uh okay well uh I I I I I I I I I mean so uh you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your your your your your your your your your friends your family to okay so um okay you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be more so I mean um uh you know I mean uh um than happy to to to to to to to to to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get so um well well well well well well well well well okay okay I mean you know um into the podcast. Hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome back back back back back back back back back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you you know know know know know know know know know uh like like uh well I mean um know podcast. This is no l am am am am am am am am am speaking. And today. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I'm going to talk so okay okay uh uh uh well so so so so so so so so so about giving up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I I I I I I I I I think I mean like um okay like um I mean so I think think think think think think think think think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that okay like like like like like like like like like so um so uh um like. We are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition Condition Condition Condition Condition Condition Condition Condition Condition. I want you to know like okay so um like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh that every single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they they they they they they they they they may so so you know you know okay you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean look like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life life life life life life life life life that well you know I mean okay I mean well well so they're really focused on on on on on on on on on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm I mean like okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so so gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know know I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a a a a a a a a a podcast like so okay um um okay well okay. Well, actually well, actually well, actually well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, actually well, actually well, actually well, actually well, actually well, actually it's not not when when when when when when when when when you use anchor anchor is a free app that uh uh you know um um um um um um um um um like okay so you know allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All All All All All All All All All you need is an idea. They've you they've you they've you they've you they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've you they've you they've you they've you they've you know uh okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh uh got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you you you you you you you you you need including uh well okay well uh well like well music to help you make make make make make make make make make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone um you know okay so so so so so so so so so you know uh like I mean or computer download the anchor app today today today today today today today today today or it over to Anchor FM um um so uh you know okay I mean I I I I I I I I I mean to get started. In this episode we look at very simple things things things things things things things things things. You can do well like okay okay um okay you know you know in in in in in in in in in 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because this so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh so well I mean well is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese made okay so okay like so well um well with only the freshest milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect for spreading like so um um um um um um um um um okay well uh I mean okay on your morning Bagel. Now where you you you you you you you you you get that big ol should be the you know uh I mean so uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been been been been been been been been been doing well uh uh well I mean um I mean well this since since since since since since since since since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And like like like like like like like like like like I mean well uh so uh you know today I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you okay uh you know you you you you you you you you you know well you know uh okay have floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just well okay uh like okay okay um um um um um um um um um uh don't send him send him off the Earth. What is what is what what what what what what what what what is what is what is what is what is what is what is your problem with with with with with with with with with a handwritten? Thank so you know you know uh uh okay okay like you you you you you you you you you note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot I mean so so so okay uh um so of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys uh well um um um um um um um um um like like um um um do see Triple do see you want to shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot podcasts. You want to talk uh so um okay well you know okay you know about about about about about about about about about some things you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes well well well well well well well well well so you know um you know okay you know well and be a comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor so I mean um well um um um um um um um um um um I mean like podcast to your mobile device is free and it's easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy to use. You can record while you're well so okay um um so so so so so so so so so you know well at home. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can record on the go. Some of you you you you you you you you you you travel so um okay I mean um like um well for work and you you you you you you you you you travel far distances, you can record while on the road you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like so um uh um you don't have to do it at home home home home home home home home home and it's easy to use uh well so you know um like um like you you you you you you you you you just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads all the platforms that you like like like like like like like like like well like uh um you know well I mean want to use it to and and and and and and and and and boom. You've got a podcast in your voices out so okay so I I I I I I I I I mean like well well you know there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good yes good yes good good good good good good good good good yes good yes good yes good yes good yes good yes good because it's time time time time time time time time time for Chompers well like I mean I mean uh like like like your morning and and and and and and and and and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know so I mean well on one side, but don't brush too hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard. It's heroines week where we talk okay well you know like um well uh well about about about about about about about about about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two heroines Helen uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well like uh you know well Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay so I mean you know Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than than than than than than than than than 100 years ago. Helen was helen was helen was helen was helen was helen was helen helen helen helen helen helen helen helen helen was helen was helen was uh so well so uh so well like blind and and and and and and and and and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark and well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know I mean well uh so quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she like well well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh I mean couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in in in in in in in in in case we well you know uh uh um I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that so so so so so so so so so like so well you know okay well okay. Yes that specific reason Lots of of of of of of of of of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't okay so so so so uh like like like like like like like like like well have we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion lotion lotion lotion lotion lotion lotion lotion lotion story like you know you know you know uh so so I mean because It's part part part part part part part part part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of of of of of of of of of well like like so so so uh well it. Yeah, same goes for the the the the the the the the the football story that I want to tell ya but the okay like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know well you know the it was still funny. I got some messages messages messages messages messages messages messages messages messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March March March March March March March March March like um um okay like you know okay like 2nd 2020. The optional podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is a show all about the latest in video games okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know okay um so and entertainment recorded each. Week from New New New New New New New New New York City and bounce around cables well you know like so okay okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like like well so well choice. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week week week week week week week week week we got to change uh like so uh well well um like the copy but but but but but but but but but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like um well you know know know know know know know know know okay okay I mean I mean like Chase Carter in the house. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - uh um so I mean well well well well well well well well well like well I mean out to chase you guys that was a really good episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Yeah, man. Thanks you know uh I mean okay uh you know okay so so so so so so so so so to chase again for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to to to to to to to to to hear well I mean like um um I mean like uh the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber chamber the so well so well uh um uh I mean fateful day had finally arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived. His first his first his first his first his first his first his first his his his his his his his his his first his first child was about to be born as he rushed so well well well well well well well well well I mean so you know so uh okay past the Windows. He heard the crack crack crack crack crack crack crack crack crack of thunder and a deluge of rain spattering you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know well well against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the the the the the the the the the weather reminding him of a uh like okay you know like I mean um you you you you you you you you you know prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you shall shall shall shall shall shall shall shall shall um so I mean okay like um uh so have an evil son your your your your your your your your your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers of okay so well um um um um um um um um um you know like well okay blood will flow. The heads the heads the heads heads heads heads heads heads heads heads heads the heads the heads the heads the heads the heads the heads of the mighty mighty mighty mighty mighty mighty mighty mighty mighty will fall your cities will you know you know I mean so well well well well well well well well well I mean like okay be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't he he he he he he he he he couldn't he couldn't he couldn't he couldn't he couldn't he couldn't he couldn't he couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't think about those words okay um you know um okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well now his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before before before before before before before before before we before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout out. Thank okay thank okay thank okay thank okay thank okay thank okay thank okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay thank okay thank okay so I mean okay I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like like like like like like like like like it. We hope you I mean okay I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like um I mean so enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to to to to to to to to to our um you know okay um um uh you know um podcast that will really really really really really really really really really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying you know um so I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh like well to grow this thing. This first this first this this this this this this this this this first this first this first this first this first this first this first one one one one one one one one one really is just us talking about some stories uh so okay I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay going to get you, you know a feel for what we're going going going going going going going going going to be doing um okay okay I mean okay so you know I I I I I I I I I mean with this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like uh okay um I mean to Eric case dude. Thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um you know like like past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I I I I I I I I I think we're on the right uh so I mean you know okay I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the the the the the the the the the moment. That's something we're working on okay well um so you know um uh well well well well well well well well well. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth everything I mean uh uh like um okay like so out that's best for for for for for for for for for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as I mean um like you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know I mean uh much as we do. Thanks for thanks for for for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for hanging out out out out out out out out out with us again. Like the like the like the like the like the like the like the like the like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the the the the the the the the the uh okay you know I mean so um uh you know easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their creation you know well you you you you you you you you you know so like so I mean you know tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit the podcast right from your like I mean I mean like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor so like well well so um like so so that it can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like so um like you can really imagine you can make money from your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership well like you know uh you know okay like so and and and and and and and and and it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just you know know know know know know know know know so so okay like I mean well uh on their app. So guys go download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot I mean like like well I I I I I I I I I mean um so like f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and and and and and and and and and buckets well okay I mean so well okay well um podcast. We are glad and and and and and and and and and excited to be back for episode 2 we out like okay so like well um I I I I I I I I I mean I mean here recording just having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we we we we we we we we we um okay well well uh well well I mean decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this this this this this this this this this hello, this hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today today today today today today today today today like uh you know you know uh um well um. My my guest is Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City uh okay well um um um um um um um um um you know like I mean um Royals and we are we talked about who he he he he he he he he he thinks is going to win um like like you know like well you know so so so so so so so so so the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals and more. It's so like like like like okay well um another short one. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's segment is um like okay like like like like like like like like like like you know okay so going to be about five minutes, but the the the the the the the the the whole thing's a whole show. Hit when I mean okay well like okay um um um um um um um um um okay you know you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But But But But But But But But But before we get I mean like okay I mean well uh so like into that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, the oh, the oh, the oh, the the the the the the the the the oh, the oh, the oh, the oh, the oh, I'm just going to run um um um um um um um um um okay well okay I mean um you know you know give you a rundown of the the the the the the the the the all the games this weekend and I well uh uh um like okay you know know know know know know know know know you know will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So first so so so so so so so so so first so first so first so first so first so first so first so so so so so so so so so first game and well so like like you know um um like the Wolves beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick minute well like okay okay you know I mean well okay and talk about one one one one one one one one one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, it's the easiest okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know like um like uh so way to make a podcast why why why why why why why why why you ask let me explain it's free. There's creation okay um so so so so so so so so so um like you know like so tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your like um well like so okay like um phone or computer. Anchor will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard okay okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay uh well on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also also also also also also also also also make money from okay well okay well like uh you know so your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys it's everything you okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean well like you know you know you know need to make a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know you know well I mean um uh or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to to to to to get started back to the show you know uh um well you know I I I I I I I I I mean like okay. Hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, how are you? I hope you you you you you you you you you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to to to to to to to to I mean like I mean like so you know okay uh all of our our our our our our our our our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a you know um um um um um um um um um uh okay um um uh like premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of of of of of of of of of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus well um so uh um okay uh so you you you you you you you you you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium like um uh like um I mean you know I mean users can download episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know like you know what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, so if you haven't done well um so well uh you know uh well so so so so so so so so so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health like well well well well well well well well well well so um you know you know like daily on Spotify or browse podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure I mean um well well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is you know so um like um okay um um um um um um um um um uh Optimal Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build build build build build build build build build okay like I mean okay okay well uh okay muscle fast by John. Romanello Romanello Romanello Romanello Romanello Romanello Romanello Romanello Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please please please please please please please please please find your okay so well like um well so I mean most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered you know like uh uh you know well um uh into being the guy who who who who who who who who who has all the answers. I'd like to take this opportunity so I mean uh well I I I I I I I I I mean uh so you know to make a confession. I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't what what what what what what what what what I do have our convictions. I have theories okay so so um uh uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't stay I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay well I mean like I mean I mean here here here here here here here here here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my journey. It's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay I mean you know like uh so become evident that A participant is no no no no no no no no no longer enough. It's time to become reformers. These are my like so you know you you you you you you you you you know so I mean well you know confessions. To get to get to get to to to to to to to to to get to get to get to get to get to get deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome well uh so so so so so so so so so so so uh like uh to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going going going going going going going going going to talk about Prosperity I mean I mean so uh like like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and I am am am am am am am am am uh okay um okay uh so uh um ready to talk about some some some some some some some some some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who well so um um so okay so so so so so so so so so like has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you you you you you you you you you follow me okay you know I mean I mean you know well so so so so so so so so so so at all then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that that that that that that that that that she was um uh uh uh um uh okay um guilty get. T they call call call call call call call call call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she did it. We I we I I I I I I I I I we I we I we I we I we I we I we I I I I I I I I I mean uh so well well um I mean so have been waiting patiently patiently patiently patiently patiently patiently patiently patiently patiently and impatiently for her to finally be brought to justice okay okay well well well well well well well well well I mean um so uh um for what she has done and be arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested and it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with with with with with with with with with uploading um uh I mean okay well well you know um it and putting it online online online online online online online online online. But now we do it was kind of complicated okay uh like like like like like like like like like okay well well like I mean and confusing it was nice to have it all done done done done done done done done done for us and we went well I mean well I mean like I mean I I I I I I I I I mean uh through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f f f f f f f f f m which is awesome um um I mean like like I mean well well well well well well well well well well and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you like like so I mean um okay like um to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will also distribute uh okay well you know I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know okay your podcast for you so it can be heard on on on on on on on on on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all you know I mean I mean uh okay like well well well well well well well well well so over the place and you can make money from your podcast with no um um um um um um um um um um okay okay okay I mean uh uh minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners a month, guess what you you know like so well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's worth I mean uh um so I mean um well so it all the the the the the the the the the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast and do so you know know know know know know know know know so well uh okay I mean I mean not get you money in the the the the the the the the the process. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so so so so so so so so so it's so it's everything that you need to make uh you know um well well well well well well well well well um like um I mean a podcast in one place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot well so like well um like so so so so so so so so so well f m-- to get started. So my so my so my so my so my my my my my my my my my so my so my so my so my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one one one one one one one one one so so okay well so okay you know uh Bitcoin show. Today is March March March March March March March March March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the 2020s baby so well so so so so so so so so so so well so so um had. Height we're going to talk about that some some some some some some some some some 80 percenters were talking about it like like okay like like I mean so um um um um um um um um um in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on confiscated Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible well um like so uh uh I mean so low my Elite friends marches marches marches marches marches marches marches marches marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have have have have have have have have have I mean well so well you know uh well uh Koozies in my nightstand in in in in in in in in in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies okay you know know know know know know know know know okay okay well okay uh okay know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah. I've like I've like I've like I've like I've like I've like like like like like like like like like I've like I've like I've like I I mean okay so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well um stole that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll She'll She'll She'll She'll She'll She'll She'll She'll take it back. I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so like uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I I I I I I I I I will okay, and you know like I mean so like you know like uh also also also also also also also also also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like well well okay so also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that that that that that that that that that you've gone to I um I mean well okay so uh uh you know know know know know know know know know dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the the the the the the the the the like you know I mean I mean well I mean well uh wedding's it may may may may may may may may may it may not even like been friends. I don't know. I just I just just just just just just just just just I just I just I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I I I just know like like so I mean okay well like um that when we went went went went went went went went went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could uh uh you know so I I I I I I I I I mean um uh okay steal the most Koozies and Monty had like like like like like like like like like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we we we we we we we we we okay like okay so um like okay like are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our aim is to provide you so you know okay well like I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh with well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships where um like you know okay well um uh well you live work and and and and and and and and and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and I mean so okay okay you know know know know know know know know know well you know you know this is you and everyone else. So in our first first first first first first first first first episode we kind of just uh well okay um like well like like wanted to introduce ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we like like uh like well well well well well well well well well uh like like want this to look like and we pretty much established. We're not not not not not not not not not famous. So why you know uh well okay um okay okay so should you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind uh um um um um um um um um um okay like okay well like I mean of who we are what kind of of of of of of of of of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name my name my name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name is Alec Alec Alec Alec Alec Alec Alec Alec Alec. Oh my well I mean so like um I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences and experiences and experiences and experiences and experiences and experiences and experiences and experiences and and and and and and and and and in like um you know okay well well like you know specific embarrassing experiences anyone want want want want want want want want want to carry things in various. I think he's okay like so so well um well I I I I I I I I I mean um. I'll go first because I got a good one. This happened this this this this this this this this this happened this happened this happened this happened this happened this happened this happened this this this this this this this this this happened just this morning. I see all well like well I mean so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as as as as as as as as as um you know like so so so okay okay polyphonic and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through I mean well I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean well um well Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and and and and and and and and and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will you know you know like okay you know know know know know know know know know so um well we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He He He He He He He He He said okay okay so uh like I mean uh you know this is the the the the the the the the the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. How I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay um well okay I mean I mean long how long were you you you you you you you you you sitting on that one? How long was I sitting on okay like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like okay like the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of of of of of of of of of this episode. That's a visual well I mean uh like so like um you you you you you you you you you know. Hey Noah, hey Noah, hey Noah, hey Noah, hey Noah, hey Noah, hey Noah, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey Noah, hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book. I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well um like you know okay um just looked at this this this this this this this this this cover. This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is a good book. I love this cover uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know like like I mean this. You know what? No joke, this is is is is is is is is is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit we've hit we've hit we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've hit we've hit we've hit we've hit we've hit we've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the here's the the the the the the the the the here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the U s-- s-- s-- s-- s-- s-- s-- s-- s-- um like okay you know I mean I mean like I mean L's Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay well I mean I mean you know like season 2 of steal steal steal steal steal steal steal steal steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden the okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so so well 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away away away away away away away away away from opening weekend. How is you know like well so I mean well you know know know know know know know know know uh your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed refreshed ready well so you know like well like you know I mean to go? go go go go go go go go Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're about okay um um um um um um um um um you know um you know um you know well to kick off and I was like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, oh good good thing I woke okay um you know uh you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I I I I I I I I I set well well okay um um so I mean like my alarm. Yeah, and and and and and and and and and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay I mean you know like I mean I mean rowdies preseason game game game game game game game game game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like well like well well well well well well well well well okay I mean I mean well uh it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon as they beat Montreal. I was so okay okay well okay okay like like like like like like like like like like just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are we are we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are good good good good good good good good good for real back well um you know um so I mean okay you know in in in in in in in in in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give um um um um um um um um um so um you know so you know uh I mean you guys a quick heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your you know uh uh I I I I I I I I I mean so you know okay uh favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for for for for for for for for for that's for that's for that's for that's for that's for that's for that's for for for for for for for for for that's for free Hallelujah. No premium account okay I mean you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean um necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every every every every every every every every every topic including the one you're uh well so okay so so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you so you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you never never never never never never never never never miss an I mean you know you know you know so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. And if you know so um I mean I mean like you know I I I I I I I I I mean you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline no matter um uh well uh I mean um I mean um where you you you you you you you you you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the like I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay I mean so okay um Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily or browse podcasts in the your library well so so so uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which which which which which which which which which okay uh you know uh like like um um let's see what we've got got got got got got got got got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode um well well like like like like like like like like like uh okay I mean so 647 what I wish someone had told me right after after after after after after after after after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer podcast okay I mean um so you know you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay with your host Michael piccante. My name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name is Jordan sigh it and in this well well well well well well well well well so um like okay I mean okay so episode we talk about the pyramid pyramid pyramid pyramid pyramid pyramid pyramid pyramid pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, like you know uh so like so so so so so so so so so okay okay essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make make make make make make make make make sure that um uh I mean um well uh so uh they're building muscle as as as as as as as as as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, I mean so so so so so so so so so okay so you know okay so okay Michael. This is not a one-take show. This This This This This This This This This is the first-ever. We were one well like uh uh I mean um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of a um uh okay okay okay so okay so new setup here and our audio engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around um so I mean you know you you you you you you you you you know like you know like the set up and I realized that I hadn't set set set set set set set set set it up properly to par. But you know you know okay I mean uh you know like like like like like like like like like I mean now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll like okay um well like uh um uh say this till till I die. You You You You You You You You You only have the next breath. That's I mean I mean so well I mean I I I I I I I I I mean so um all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's all you got well so uh uh so like you know I mean. What's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, y'all? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know you know like I mean so like watching on YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your so like so so so so so so so so so well you know okay well well normal podcast app, which is you can find it it it it it it it it it on Apple music. I'm not okay well so like you know um like so so so so so so so so so sure about Android. I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't I can't I can't I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old old old old old old old old old patient you know you know so you know like you know okay so so so so so so so so so. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would well like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean like okay um okay die in the care of nurse Beverly allit allit allit allit allit allit allit allit allit only a few hours later. Welcome to today well so well well so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes you you you you you you you you you know like okay uh uh so I mean well. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is is is is is is is is is advised for listeners under 13. Today. We're discussing okay uh um uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later later later later later later later later later nicknamed the like um like well okay like you know you know Angel of Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm okay you know I mean um um well like uh pretty energized right right right right right right right right right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to I mean like like like like like like like like like okay like well I mean well I mean Bluestone College. I did four locations locations locations locations locations locations locations locations locations in one hit which is the power you know so I mean like well um um um um um um um um um okay uh of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in in in in in in in in in four places uh like so well okay okay so well at one time. So very very very very very very very very very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this okay well like I mean like like like like like like like like like okay okay like little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before before before before before before before before before we get into that, well um okay I mean uh um well so I I I I I I I I I want to give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um okay okay you know so so. I've been running a little bit of a a a a a a a a a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves uh so okay so okay well um you you you you you you you you you know a review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I I I I I I I I I will enter them into so okay so uh uh um uh so a draw to win win win win win win win win win a little little gift from me. So I just been well you know know know know know know know know know um I mean you know well um okay scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual um uh so so um um well well Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and and and and and and and and and aligned with their purpose. I am your uh um you know so okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your your your your your your your your your light and awaken so so I mean well well well uh I mean to to to to to to to to to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay uh I mean well like and deeply dive into what it means to to to to to to to to to be a soul having a human experience I mean um uh okay okay uh uh you you you you you you you you you know. So come so come so come so come so come so come so come so so so so so so so so so come so come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea qin Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea of Love Light and healing like okay well um well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura room room room room room room room room room. Hello, I am back I mean well so okay like okay okay you know know know know know know know know know. So it has been about a month since my last episode but I went you you you you you you you you you know you know like well um well like like off to have a baby most of you you you you you you you you you know that I was um well okay so I mean well I mean like pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement like like so so okay like you know like on my mama's new couch couch couch couch couch couch couch couch couch. That's when that's when that's when that's when that's when that's when that's when when when when when when when when when that's when that's when I heard it all a chance to skirt. It well well well well well well well well well I mean um um well okay uh so all a money like my last girl. He He He He He He He He He knees he knees he knees he knees he knees he knees he knees he he he he he he he he he knees he knees are shot. The top graphic cards okay uh um you know well um I I I I I I I I I mean well got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put the the the the the the the the the ram in well well like so uh like okay um the ram slots driving driving driving driving driving driving driving driving driving the larger Bay topped it off too fast. Like a Chargers like well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh well so game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear I I I I I I I I I fear I fear I fear I fear I fear I fear I fear I I I I I I I I I fear cruelly assemble a rig like a BP I mean okay well like I mean so so so so so so so so so uh you know engineer. My friends my friends my friends my friends my friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends my friends my friends my friends my friends and family smile is working on on on on on on on on on make fun of me, but I'm a make uh uh uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well you know them eat their words because I don't know really going billionaire billionaire billionaire billionaire billionaire billionaire billionaire billionaire billionaire spending money. Like I um I mean uh uh well so well so so so so so so so so so don't care mining corn in my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and and and and and and and and and like okay so so okay you know so like reading the notes. I'm picking picking picking picking picking picking picking picking picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick okay so so like like like like like like like like like like like okay so me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read read read read read read read read read up on all um you know I mean you know I mean well so so so so so so so so so so the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did we just you know so like like okay so um like say that each week? week week week week week week week week We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create I mean like I mean like like like like like like like like like well so I mean like some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV you are trying to get in um uh so I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be be be be be be be be be a good escort um you know so like okay you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you you you you you you you you you see uh okay you know like um so well okay is the creepy alien alien alien alien alien alien alien alien alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so okay like you know like I mean um like here to talk about my life life life life life life life life life experiences as a model share my best tips and um uh uh um you know know know know know know know know know um okay uh advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity in uh I mean you know okay so well you know uh the industry and and and and and and and and and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll today I'll today today today today today today today today today I'll today I'll today I'll today I'll today I'll today I'll today I'll be okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so well like uh um um talking about who I am how I I I I I I I I I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier uh um I mean well well well well well well well well well you know like uh like. Well, first well, first well, first well, first well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, first well, first well, first well, first well, first of all, thank you so much much much much much much much much much for being here and listening to you know um so well like um um um um um um um um um so you know my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking about doing you know so uh well I mean you know okay so a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay I mean I mean just had to do it Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the um you know uh you you you you you you you you you know so uh uh well covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um I mean well well so okay anchor if you don't know know know know know know know know know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make so okay like like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me um uh well like uh okay okay well just just just just just just just just just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's nothing you like uh um um so so you know so have have have have have have have have have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools um I mean I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh so uh well so that you can record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or your I mean um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean like computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that that that that that that that that that it can be well um I mean so okay like well okay heard on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you know like like like like like like like like like like uh so um um um you can make money from your podcast right out out out out out out out out out the gate. No minimum listenership. You like well you know you know you know so well well well well well well well well well like can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that that that that that that that that that um you know I mean uh I mean okay um like you need to make make make make make make make make make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor so um so so so so so so so so so um I mean you know uh okay app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys um I mean like so so so so so so so so so well I mean I mean so shit out in a box and I'll look look look look look look look look look this way too simple. That's so like uh like uh okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a a a a a a a a a so well so okay you know I mean well I mean week of doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know I mean well like so like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a a a a a a a a a so I mean okay you know um so so well stick up their Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my okay well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so okay so uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar sugar sugar sugar sugar sugar sugar sugar sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome you know I mean I mean well so like I I I I I I I I I mean so back to another week of beyond the secret. My name my name my name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name is Ace Fanning and and and and and and and and and I um well well um you know uh uh okay have had a revelation revelation revelation revelation revelation revelation revelation revelation revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started uh um I mean um um um um um um um um um uh well so uh to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to to to to to to to to to chrysippus okay um okay so like I mean uh well of solely if you you you you you you you you you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want you know you you you you you you you you you know um um okay well well I mean to hear more of history's most most most most most most most most most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series I mean you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well so famous Fates. You can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can hear the entire catalog all all all all all all all all all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow like um well well uh I mean well well well well well well well well well I mean famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? sir sir sir sir sir sir sir sir Yes. Yes. What uh I mean you know you know I mean you know so I I I I I I I I I mean is it that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you know you know um okay you know you know like um not certain any any any any any any any any any man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus so so so so so so so so so so I mean so I mean I mean so you know the stoic teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about my like you you you you you you you you you know um I mean uh I mean like like son phileas. He is of the the the the the the the the the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for for for for for for for for for three uh okay okay like so well well so decades. I've isolated I've isolated I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've isolated I've isolated I've isolated I've isolated I've isolated I've isolated I've isolated myself that that that that that that that that that for what what's the point of being six degrees from I mean well uh so so so so so so so so so so well so okay everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have have have have have have have have have finally found um like you know uh uh uh okay um someone. I I I I I I I I I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't think think think think think think think think think anyone could ever okay um you know I mean you know so well uh ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole what like like like like like like like like like like um you know I mean you know I mean well should have been my life previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This uh I mean so uh um I I I I I I I I I mean like um wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years years years years years years years years years. He was he was he was he was he was he was he was was was was was was was was was he was he was just uh like well you know like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin. Somehow made this uh I mean okay okay um you know um okay it would take take take take take take take take take his career Kevin. You have you have you have you have you have you you you you you you you you you have you have you have you have to make this movie Jeff. I uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh you know uh like okay okay need you to go to the Staples Staples Staples Staples Staples Staples Staples Staples Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left I left I left I left I left I left I left I left I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not I mean you know I mean uh well um you know um racist today today today today today today today today today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today so today so today so so so so so so so so so today so today so today so today so today so today we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here I mean you know uh uh so so um okay with some some some some some some some some some little special guests and they are going to be joining so so uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay okay our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the the the the the the the the the I'm the I'm the senior at I mean okay like um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean st. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first first first first first first first first first question is have you ever um like so like like well so like I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what well well well well well well well well well I mean okay so uh so like so was it and yeah I can start start start start start start start start start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor like I mean well like well um um you know get it is is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay you know um okay so. It's actually it's actually it's actually it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually where we host our our our our our our our our our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a creation well I I I I I I I I I mean okay so um like well you know tool that allows you to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean um like like like like like like like like like like um uh I mean um your computer if that's how you want to do do do do do do do do do it. That's not how we so um I mean okay um uh you know like like like like like like like like like do it. But I but I but I but I but I but but but but but but but but but I but I but I but I suppose you could anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you I mean I mean I mean so well I mean you you you you you you you you you know like. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many many many many many many many many many I mean so uh like I mean well um you know more and you can can can can can can can can can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's so so well you know know know know know know know know know you know I mean you know I mean everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a podcast and one place. So go ahead and I mean so uh uh so so so so so so so so so I mean uh uh download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started like okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like well uh. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, it's a spool back to tell okay like well uh well so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but but but but but but but but but now um okay like I mean well well um well guess what you can find find find find find find find find find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, you know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts um like you know I mean um like like well another one. Yes, that's right right right right right right right right right. You could okay what other episode no, no, it's okay like like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um you know not. It's not the show. So therefore I I I I I I I I I decide how I want. To another episode like uh okay like uh like well uh of what what what what what what what what what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain you complain you you you you you you you you you complain you complain you complain you complain you complain you complain you you you you you you you you you complain about uh um uh like okay you know like I mean me saying no no no no no no no no no many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, let's do um um um um um um um um um um uh um uh so uh uh the intro. Okay. This was this was this this this this this this this this this was this was this was this was this was this was this was the entire show show show show show show show show show you how it's done, right? You like you like you like you like you like like like like like like like like like you like you like you like you like okay uh okay like um you know know know know know know know know know uh know you want okay do it. You know you already did the intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro um um I mean you know well I mean so so. I will I I I I I I I I I will I will I will I will I will I will I will will will will will will will will will I will do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay well okay um I mean okay to talk about this movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie. But this is a effin great. This was this was this was this was this this this this this this this this this was this was this was this was this was like well so um um um um um um um um um um like well um I mean wow, this is like a real roller coaster. It It It It It It It It It was just like one of those um you know um like so okay so so so so so so so so so you know old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that that that that that that that that that we're going okay uh you know so um I mean so uh to get into into into into into into into into into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm like, like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know you know so so oh I could easily talk about this for for for for for for for for for a minute. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a I mean so so uh um you know well okay lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot to talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh so well uh so like okay now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we we we we we we we we we go. Hey everybody Welcome to okay um I mean like so you know know know know know know know know know so um the 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sitting across from you know you know you know um okay you know well I I I I I I I I I mean me is my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about well well well well well well well well well like uh I mean uh well well um Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to to to to to to to to to all of your favorite artists and podcast you know um okay well I mean well okay uh and and and and and and and and and one place that's for free. You don't you don't you don't you don't you you you you you you you you you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't even need a premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium account and I mean like um um well well I mean um that is great great great great great great great great great because let's face it. We are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are all trying to save a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit uh uh like you know I mean okay you know okay these days. So So So So So So So So So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um well so so I mean so an episode you can share whatever you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to with your friends on Instagram so I mean so well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline wherever and like like um you know well like so you know know know know know know know know know whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps like like like like like like like like like I mean okay like okay you know okay I mean downloaded already but this one one one one one one one one one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well like uh uh the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on on on on on on on on on Spotify or browse podcasts in okay um so well so uh you know um the the the the the the the the the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you so you so like well like I mean you know well like never miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like like well okay okay I mean episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 45 45 45 45 45 45 45 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where we uh I mean I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh so take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this this this episode this episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love love love love love love love love love nerding out well I mean okay you know well I mean okay well mainly about about about about about about about about about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort of thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, you know well like okay um uh you know um but when it comes to finances no no no no no no no no no one nerds out like NerdWallet real nerds who well well like okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and and and and and and and and and side-by-side comparison um you know well uh okay so uh you know that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest uh so I mean like uh okay um so way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody loves uh so so so so so so so so so like I mean well okay I mean okay free things. Like Rick don't you you you you you you you you you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love free so like um you know know know know know know know know know I mean okay um you know things. So there's so there's so there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's also creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your own like you know um so I mean you you you you you you you you you know okay um podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your your your your your your your your your podcast for um well well uh um well like I mean you. So can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean you know well you know so that way people can hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear your podcast you can make Money from uh well I mean okay um I I I I I I I I I mean well well your own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast okay so okay like like uh you know like all in in in in in in in in in one place. So download so download so download so download so download so download so so so so so so so so so download so download so download the free anchor app today or go to to to to to to to to to uh you know okay I mean like uh so you know Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to to to to to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast for for for for for for for for for uh you know uh well uh well well so C2 English level students. I'm your your your your your your your your your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey like okay like okay I mean well well well well well well well well well okay I mean towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show show show show show show show show show and don't well okay like well you know um okay well forget to hit subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back I mean so so so so so so so so so you know you know you know so so I mean in today's episode. We are are are are are are are are are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean well you know proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those those those those those those those those those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked well you know like so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting um um um um um um um um um so okay you know um so so well as we breathe. Screams and and and and and and and and and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of uh I mean well okay um like like like like like like like like like uh you know life. You come you come you come you come you come come come come come come come come come you come you come you come you come and I feel the hands of of of of of of of of of God touching me. And I calm so you know well okay you know know know know know know know know know um uh well and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the the the the the the the the the sounds of uh well like so so so well I mean making love my breath breath breath breath breath breath breath breath breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the Breath okay well you know know know know know know know know know um like okay so so of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing you're breathing you're breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing breathing you're breathing you're breathing you're breathing you're breathing you're breathing you're breathing keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps me high. You make you make you make you make you make you make you you you you you you you you you make you make you make me high I mean I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like okay uh like higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I I I I I I I I I really appreciate your okay so well like so uh um like support. I hope I I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in like you know like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean this way by looking at the literal sense of the the the the the the the the the text, which is something so like well okay like like I mean okay we we we we we we we we we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it it it it it it it it it more um okay well okay like you know uh like and today we're looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else okay like um so okay you know know know know know know know know know you know uh. We see we see we see we see we see we see see see see see see see see see we see we see we see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, which is the you know okay um okay um uh okay like Transfiguration. Jesus Took Took Took Took Took Took Took Took Took jesus Took jesus Took jesus Took jesus Took jesus Took jesus Took jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus Took jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led led led led led led led led led them up uh so okay I mean well so okay okay a high mountain where where where where where where where where where they could be alone. There in their presence he was okay so like you know know know know know know know know know um I mean so so transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh I mean well like um okay today as you have to show show show show show show show show show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did what did what did what did what did what what what what what what what what what did what did what did what did I say? um uh um uh um um um um um um um um um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh so so so so so so so so so I mean so uh well so You just do pause, but I don't worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew you know you know um um um um um um um um um um I mean like okay you know you'd want to say the full title title title title title title title title title. Right love it before we jump into this like uh uh like well you you you you you you you you you know so so episode. I would I would I would I would I would I I I I I I I I I would I would I would I would like to remind everybody. If you if you if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you if you find find find find find find find find find yourself in a situation okay well like okay uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they they they they they they they they they so I mean um so um so you know um are available to help you at at at at at at at at at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week week week week week week week week week. We discussed we discussed we discussed we discussed we discussed we discussed we discussed we discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed we discussed I mean like I mean uh like well um uh a chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World um well um you you you you you you you you you know you know so you know um be warned. This is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We like well like so you know know know know know know know know know okay um I mean were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all all all all all all all all all of our thoughts and feelings uh uh like you know well well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 you you you you you you you you you know well um so um okay uh okay of Fantastic Beasts and Where to to to to to to to to to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders is um so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay I mean I mean an interactive podcast. We want to know your your your your your your your your your thoughts. So, please feel free to okay uh um well you know okay I I I I I I I I I mean um tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter to you know uh well so uh okay I mean well join the conversation love love love love love love love love love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy like like like like like like like like like like like like well um okay you know in flying around donate to block us create create create create create create create create create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I I I I I I I I I like like I mean I mean okay you know um like don't know know know know know know know know know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by the like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean well so okay um I mean way, but if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make you know uh okay um um um um um um um um um uh so so you know a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during during during during during during during during during this quarantine and a few I mean I mean I mean uh you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean people have reached out to me and asked for advice on on on on on on on on on how to get their uh you know you know um so you know uh you you you you you you you you you know podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do it. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's well uh um so you know okay like like free. There's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast, right? Your phone okay like like like like like like like like like um okay so well so um or your computer? You can have your fans leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave messages. Thank you to those of I mean uh I mean uh um uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you that have been doing that by the way, keep them come and keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep harassing us okay uh you know uh uh uh like um and anchor will will will will will will will will will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on Spotify um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh like um um Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so so so so so so so so so many channels that are podcast okay I mean uh like well uh so um is on on on on on on on on on some of them. I never even heard of so it does you you you you you you you you you know um um I mean uh I mean well uh the work for you and and and and and and and and and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening okay um well well well like um like to the modest artist artist artist artist artist artist artist artist artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep um keep um keep um um um um um um um um um keep um keep um keep um keep um keep um keep um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know I mean um you know I mean in mind. It's like like like like like like like like like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like like like like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it so um so you know know know know know know know know know you know so well okay. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at at at at at at at at at the end. I'm well uh okay so you know okay um um Jon John. Jon was jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon jon was jon was jon was jon was jon was jon was jon was jon was was was was was was was was was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay I mean well uh um you you you you you you you you you know okay okay like again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All All All All All All All All All right. I'm Carlos and I like um okay like I mean you know so um um um um um um um um um play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's like like like like like like like like like uh like um um well well I mean let's let's do a this is our first first first first first first first first first time doing it with multi people I mean like okay well I mean you know know know know know know know know know okay well can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching everyone's Watching everyone's Watching everyone's everyone's everyone's everyone's everyone's everyone's everyone's everyone's everyone's Watching everyone's Watching everyone's Watching everyone's Watching everyone's Watching everyone's Watching You know, it's serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious uh okay okay well okay so like okay. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so okay okay well um so procedure right? I am South South South South South South South South South African and I've been living in Munich like I mean you know um um um um um um um um um well uh uh uh for almost seven and a half years and I'm currently an an an an an an an an an energy therapist but uh well like well well you know you know okay most most most most most most most most most of my focus goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just so so so so so so so so so well I mean well uh well well I mean over a year ago. It It It It It It It It It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was it was really interesting because I grew up under the time um okay I mean so so so so so so so so so like um okay um of Apartheid. And so I grew up thinking that how how how how how how how how how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Pearson Fowler with you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean you know so you know so so me as always always always always always always always always always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this entire weekend um um um um um um um um um well well okay like okay well um Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have have have have have have have have have to wear that albatross around like okay um okay you know so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel okay so okay okay uh well well okay. It's much it's much it's much it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's much it's much it's much it's much it's much it's much appreciated Gamecock fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling I mean uh uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean okay and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not not not not not not not not not a clock. In the I mean you know I mean so well you know know know know know know know know know okay well morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You You You You You You You You You covered the baseball so uh okay okay um well well um game and then then then then then then then then then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the watch the watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch the watch the watch the watch the watch the watch the watch the basketball game so so so so so so so so so well you know um okay uh um uh. And then you said you you you you you you you you you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove you know you know know know know know know know know know you know uh I mean um you know uh to Clemson, South Carolina first thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then came well so so um like like like like like like like like like uh well so back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not not not not not not not not not necessarily you know so so okay okay um well okay stay or reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect those of the company and its management for their more like um um so well well well well well well well well well well well okay the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like uh okay um I mean well season 1 episode 17 the rivals. Let's just just just just just just just just just go and tell a little bit okay okay so so so so like like like like like like like like like um about what is actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen I I I I I I I I I mean uh so okay okay uh uh uh the all see which is a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in which this young lady here I mean okay so like so so uh like with with with with with with with with with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite I mean like well like okay okay okay so being 30 something years of age age age age age age age age age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean like um I mean dialogue on musician's health and wellness. It's two two two two two two two two two days after Mardi Gras. We're all okay you know so well okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um completely. It's really cold down here. But here we are. We are bad so so so so so so so so so well like um like so you know well back in the podcast Studio at Loyola University University University University University University University University University New Orleans for episode 7. I've uh I've uh I've uh I've uh I've uh I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've uh I've uh I've uh I've uh like um I mean like I mean um um um um um um um um um like been really excited and looking forward to this episode for a long time like like like like like like like like like uh okay well okay uh okay so and I'm thrilled to announce that our our our our our our our our our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders like uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so well uh. I would I would I would I would I would I would would would would would would would would would I would I would I would like to welcome you to my nerd Marine Marine Marine Marine Marine Marine Marine Marine Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today today today today today today today today today like so you know well I mean okay like um. We'll speak about jumping on on on on on on on on on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone back everyone back everyone back back back back back back back back back everyone back everyone back everyone back everyone back everyone back everyone in 2008 well well well well well well well well well so so uh well um okay I mean. I had the amazing opportunity to to to to to to to to to take a train up the California coast from uh I mean uh so like like like like like like like like like I mean uh um Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train train train train train train train train train before. But well so okay like so well okay you know this was special. It It It It It It It It It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm friends, I'm friends, I'm friends, I'm friends, I'm friends, I'm friends, I'm friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, I'm friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about about about about about about about about about starting well so well I mean uh you know uh you know your own podcast? podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's the I mean um um um um um um um um um uh well uh okay um I mean easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain first and foremost, it's free. That I that I that I that that that that that that that that that I that I that I that I that I that I mean well well well well well well well well well well okay so um I mean so means no money out of your your your your your your your your your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you to I mean um well um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's just it's just it's just it's just it's just it's just it's just just just just just just just just just it's just it's just that uh um um okay um uh uh I mean easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on you you you you you you you you you know well well like uh well okay I mean Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more more more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight different well I mean you you you you you you you you you know well you know uh so you know. Forms all forms all forms all forms forms forms forms forms forms forms forms forms all forms all forms all forms all forms all forms all thanks to Anchor friends you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast and you like I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um well like so you know don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is everything you need to make uh like okay I mean you know um um okay a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the free anchor I I I I I I I I I mean okay um so I mean uh I mean so app or go to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot? F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in in in in in in in in in a couple of like like you know you know okay okay you know know know know know know know know know you know weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those for those for those those those those those those those those those for those for those for those for those for those for those of you that did did did did did did did did did notice they you know uh I mean so okay uh you know well be a a a a a a a a a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we did promise you know know know know know know know know know uh like uh okay so okay okay that it would be worth the wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait. So before so before so before so before so before so before so before so so so so so so so so so before so before we get into it is I mean okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh uh I mean only right to acknowledge that I'm also also also also also also also also also joined by Emma and Mike as always um you know well um so so so so so so so so so okay um um so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how how how how how how how how how are you? I well well uh like okay okay like um am also fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure you know well well well well well well well well well like uh you know you know like well the world goes around I think think think think think think think think think so. We are actually joined by another and you know okay you know okay well well well well well well well well well so so um we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor David. Robert uh so um so um okay okay like Grimes who is a a a a a a a a a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so well um uh well I'm not just saying this because he's they're here here here here here here here here here. I did actually say it to I mean so um uh so I mean so so so so so so so so so okay Mike off air as well. It is one of my favorite reads of of of of of of of of of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I I I I I I I I I was um you know well well like uh uh um very traumatized after seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front I mean well like like like like like like like like like I mean so okay um I mean of my eyes. I just sat in my booth booth booth booth booth booth booth booth booth we reading the rules well I mean well well I mean like uh so again. And And And And And And And And And again, it was so dark in here that I had to okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like um well well use the small lamp on the table next to to to to to to to to to me. They really need you know well I mean like uh I mean um uh to to to to to to to to to fix the lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule rule rule rule rule rule rule rule rule okay I mean so like okay okay uh so. Hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other other other other other other other other other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other than traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean uh okay you know a great shift. The first thing I I I I I I I I I tried was to walk out but I could you know uh uh okay you you you you you you you you you know um I mean um see movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer as as as as as as as as as I moved towards the exit well um you know okay uh like okay uh the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam okay okay um uh well uh so okay. I am your host. Thank you you you you you you you you you to everybody who listened to the last like uh okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know episode and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on on on on on on on on on this episode, I'm uh okay I mean like so you know you know know know know know know know know know so going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so so so so so so so so so okay well so I mean uh uh like you know I'm trying to put put put put put put put put put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of um um um um um um um um um um okay well okay so um you know film and put together. Kind of making it I I I I I I I I I guess is the best way well like okay so well so um like to to to to to to to to to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about in so so so so so so so so so uh um uh um I mean well okay the past I talked about in in in in in in in in in the last episode that I really am a big well like I mean like like like like like like like like like you know you know well well fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So So So So So So So So So not the Bowman Prospect cards the ones like I mean okay um like uh well well well well well well well well well well with the RC logo. So I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I was putting together some statistics with the PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA Pop reports so I mean you know so you know uh you know well well well well well well well well well and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what I got, like like like like like like like like like so like well I mean okay um uh so like I was looking at like players basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll never have you know uh okay I mean like okay so um to open open open open open open open open open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling flang, flang, flang, flang, flang, flang, flang, flang, flang, um so well I mean uh well you know like right? I am before before before before before before before before before you're going to see how easy this is to do uh um um um um um um um um um um so well you know I mean uh. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Bolton. Oh you know uh you know so I mean I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well so okay okay okay known as it's going to mr. Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's I mean so well um so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the so so so so so so so so so well I mean like um you know uh uh casino tables young and montero's I'm going going going going going going going going going to I'm going to really date myself. They well you know well uh you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney. I so well you know um like okay I mean okay like to pronounce it it it it it it it it it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really you know well like like like like like like like like like so uh you know you know okay get into and a pause in between between between between between between between between between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as you know um well so so so so so so so so so well okay uh I mean they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen Screen Screen Screen Screen Screen Screen Screen Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen if I mean okay uh okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So So So So So So So So So we're going to well well uh well um like like uh try to make this a a a a a a a a a brief show. I know I know I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know know I know I know you're working on battery power over there okay well I I I I I I I I I mean like so so uh uh. So I have a good signal and I have have have have have have have have have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad reputation reputation reputation reputation reputation reputation reputation reputation reputation okay so I mean well you know I mean um uh for everything they do do do do do do do do do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond industry and even even even even even even even even even so I mean so okay I mean you know um like the divorce rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of them are immune from you you you you you you you you you know well okay like well I mean like well job hopping myths industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry experts told Business News Daily that these facts about Job like um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well uh hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a a a a a a a a a few common ones and how uh you know uh um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year one myth that some some some some some some some some some might I mean so okay so so well so I mean not know or even even even even even even even even even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from job to job so so I I I I I I I I I mean like um okay okay like because we're never satisfied but data from the the the the the the the the the US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees so you know I mean um well well well well well well well well well so um I mean are actually staying with companies longer than they did 25 25 25 25 25 25 25 25 25 years ago in 1983 well like okay so you know you know uh um. The The The The The The The The The average the average the average the average the average the average the average the the the the the the the the the average the average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet you you you you you you you you you know okay you know um okay you know well um sign me up. Hi welcome. My My My My My My My My My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings uh um um so you you you you you you you you you know well well uh closet on Poshmark. I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been a reseller for about about about about about about about about about half a year. I've created an well you know so um well well you know know know know know know know know know um Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the the the the the the the the the community well you know uh like you know like well I mean here. I I I I I I I I I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the you know know know know know know know know know so um I mean I mean so okay you know way and really create a beginner beginner beginner beginner beginner beginner beginner beginner beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance so uh uh well well well well well well well well well well so I mean you know and possibly pick up your own side gig or or or or or or or or or full-time gig with being a reseller you know uh okay uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh so you know well I mean all about indefinite articles in the the the the the the the the the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are going you know well well well well well well well well well well I mean like like so so to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and and and and and and and and and how they are used with the uh like um so uh okay you you you you you you you you you know um indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again again again again again again again again again for another like well so uh uh like um well English lesson, welcome back. For those those those those those those those those those of you who are new. I want to I mean uh okay well well well well well well well well well I mean so uh like quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm an American English well okay you know so I mean I mean um okay teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of of of of of of of of of like you know well well I mean you know uh I mean other languages, and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm also tuffle certified. I currently I currently I currently I currently I currently I I I I I I I I I currently I currently I currently I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR IR IR IR IR IR IR IR IR jockey well like you know um so well okay so it those militia upset Pyar Pyar Pyar Pyar Pyar Pyar Pyar Pyar Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back okay so like I mean you you you you you you you you you know so you know you know with my favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair up they are hey, if you you know um you know I mean I I I I I I I I I mean okay so so are very distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Su Su Su Su Su Su Su Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo so so you know um you know like well so so so so so so so so so the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude like like like like like like like like like so okay well I mean um so um career path. Coffee popular here. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski uh um like I mean like like like like like like like like like well I mean like bodies are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee baseball data, but then okay you know uh so you know well you you you you you you you you you know well it did not last long and finally they pick a found the the the the the the the the the man of her life. Walk a walk a walk a walk a walk a walk a walk a walk a walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is is is is is is is is is Friday, March 6th well I mean okay so um so you know um 2020. I wanted to to to to to to to to to touch base with all of you because it feels like there's been a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like uh uh um I mean so lot going on this week, week, week, week, week, week, week, week, week, even though we've been on spring break. I usually only well you know know know know know know know know know you know uh okay like um I mean send an email with a link to the the the the the the the the the theory courses. So if so if so if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if so if so if you have well okay so uh I mean like you know know know know know know know know know you know a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your clinical group, group, group, group, group, group, group, group, group, but not so um okay you know so okay you know like your theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory class. Please pass this information on to them or tell them to so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like okay like like um contact me so I can send them the the the the the the the the the link. This is important information that okay like uh uh okay well uh you you you you you you you you you know I want all of you to have. It's going to be even more important important important important important important important important important I mean like I mean so okay I mean well okay than usual for for for for for for for for for us to be in communication for you to have good communication with the well um um um um um um um um um okay well so so uh okay nursing program over the next several weeks. You You You You You You You You You need you need you need you need you need you need you need you you you you you you you you you need you need to get in the habit of checking I mean well I mean um um um um um um um um um so uh you know okay your BC email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been been been been been been been been been it's been it's been it's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I I I I I I I I I have um I mean so well so um uh um a neglected you you you you you you you you you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas uh so I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay like well okay and then you know what January's like like like like like like like like like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2 well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh okay well uh like. So we've now got new guests, which is is is is is is is is is amazing and I've got some really really so well uh well well uh um uh good good good good good good good good good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope I mean so so so so so so so so so um well um well uh well you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody that would be great for the you know uh you know okay so um um um um um um um um um like so podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a a a a a a a a a message because I mean well you know uh I mean um like uh I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly just like so okay you know like okay I mean okay mention the sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to um so uh you know know know know know know know know know um you know well like people just to be kind remember people have things happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening behind closed doors. And so so I mean okay like okay um you you you you you you you you you know if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated I I I I I I I I I mean so well I mean uh so um I mean to exploring in a a a a a a a a a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality well so like like like like like like like like like um uh I mean so so disorder and other mental health problems. My name name name name name name name name name is Celine and I am your well uh well okay uh well you know um host host host host host host host host host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning of the Podcast you know you know you know like like uh well you know which which which which which which which which which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical medical like I mean you know so um so okay uh intervention. So, please so, please please please please please please please please please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please seek out out out out out out out out out those sources of support if you need them. And uh and uh and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and uh and uh and uh and uh and uh and uh um um um um um um um um um uh you know um well like well I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got we've got okay you know uh well like like um I mean an an an an an an an an an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at swim Ireland you know I I I I I I I I I mean you know well okay so well uh. We're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to be be be be be be be be be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some of the well well uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean okay athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about what is expecting from from um uh okay well well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for the the the the the the the the the quality of some of I mean so I mean you know like so so so so so so so so so so so the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings well greetings well greetings well greetings well greetings well greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings well greetings well greetings well greetings and I hope your March is off to a a a a a a a a a great start. I you know so so uh like you know you know okay wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new new new new new new new new new way uh uh I mean like well like so I mean to communicate with with with with with with with with with the department and what this means for DCS going forward as you like um you you you you you you you you you know well well okay well so know, the legislative session is in full swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing. Our budget plan was formally submitted like you know okay I mean like like like like like like like like like well okay well and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly assembly. Also, we presented our budget before you know okay uh um well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has not yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet been finalized. I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay so well you know um I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean pleased to announce that no additional changes have been made to our budget up well well well well well well well well well well well okay um you know okay okay to this point. This is a a a a a a a a a positive step for the department and helps us better plan uh well well well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like and assess our word the next steps will be for the legislature legislature legislature legislature legislature legislature legislature legislature legislature to Begin work uh so like um okay you know uh well on the the the the the the the the the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to something to something to something to something to something to to to to to to to to to something to something to something to note all myths have many versions and variations for for for for for for for for for this episode. We've selected okay um you know well uh uh well uh those those those those those those those those those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with additional uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so so uh uh Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes from oral tradition. There's a wide variety across sources well like I mean um um um um um um um um um uh like well like are myths may not always be the version you're familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar with but we hope you'll enjoy well well um uh I mean uh um um um um um um um um um well them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not to to to to to to to to to lose the I mean okay um uh uh I mean like so trail trail trail trail trail trail trail trail trail of his people. He'd been following them day and night. He was he was he he he he he he he he he was he was he was he was he was he was he was filthy hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry um well I mean you know uh you know you know I mean. And for for for for for for for for for the first time in his life alone. Oh long oh long oh long long long long long long long long long oh long oh long oh long oh long oh long oh long arrows foot foot foot foot foot foot foot foot foot hit a I mean you know I mean you know well uh um well rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf and assumed to so like you you you you you you you you you know I mean like you know um I mean be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with like like like like like like like like like okay so I mean well I mean um so the global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features you know so well you know know know know know know know know know I mean you know so like marble is an American film and television Studio. They They They They They They They They They are best known for producing the Marvel I mean so well uh so so so so so so so so so uh okay well Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in in in in in in in in in Marvel Comics welcoming you back well I mean I mean I mean like so you know know know know know know know know know um to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to to to to to to to to to be okay you know uh well well like okay like talking about today's topic. Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a okay well you know know know know know know know know know like uh I mean well well trip to the movie theater to watch the the the the the the the the the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was I mean so you know you know know know know know know know know know I mean so you know you know currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't so uh so I mean um I mean well like expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge crush um I mean like like I mean so um you know on Tom. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay I mean well like older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best best best best best best best best best um like you know uh well um you know well the number one sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape like like well okay well well well well well well well well well you know okay okay and place where sounds come out of your ears and and and and and and and and and your ears biggest supporters uh well so I mean you know well like so of Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we um you know know know know know know know know know so okay you know well you know so just change it up because because because because because because because because because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as so you know like like like like like like like like like you know so like uh like far as the pics were concerned just just just just just just just just just a tad not much the the luck like uh I mean okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know ran out of the money song that that one money song that that that that that that that that that we've been using boy uh uh you know uh like okay um well well well well well well well well well. You better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV talk now I mean um you know I mean I mean you know so so so so so so so so so okay. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have you you you you you you you you you know you know so um well I mean okay well Alexis here with a news news news news news news news news news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready and okay um um um um um um um um um uh well like um so I mean Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with with with with with with with with with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual. And well well um well well well so like as you may have noticed this this this this this this this this this is not exactly our usual programming a because uh so uh um like you know know know know know know know know know you know uh we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're hankering for your weekly uh I mean like um uh well you know uh slap slap slap slap slap slap slap slap slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is what is what is what is what is what is what is what what what what what what what what what is what is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha so so so so so so so so so okay you know uh so like uh I mean T show. Yes. It's no no no no no no no no no it's no it's no it's no it's no it's no it's no it's no it's no no no no no no no no no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series so um um so so so so so so so so so uh well um so we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome. I really I really I really I really I really I really I really I really really really really really really really really really I really appreciate well so well like I mean uh I mean um you you you you you you you you you guys tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this um um um um um um um um um well you know I mean you know uh you know so video video video video video video video video video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and and and and and and and and and rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 um so um like like you know like okay assists on the Pelicans now now now now now now now now now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the uh okay so so so so so so so so so I mean um I mean um okay sports card market and Luke advantages Market Market Market Market Market Market Market Market Market in general. What are what are what are what are what are what are what what what what what what what what what are what are what are some undervalued cards uh well you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean you know of is right. Now that now that now that now now now now now now now now now that now that now that now that now that now that people can go go go go go go go go go out and buy based on well so you know okay so you know well well well well well well well well well okay what his base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing right you know so I mean um well like um okay now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for for for for for for for for for film television and everything I mean you know so um well okay like like in in in in in in in in in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work on like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean like well um uh you know their projects. They sit on on on on on on on on on this color couch of mine for an hour a day I mean you know know know know know know know know know you know I mean um okay I mean like or weeks on end depending depending depending depending depending depending depending depending depending on the project those clients might be directors so um um like I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean um writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on on on on on on on on on the project now our work well um well like okay you know you know so so so so so so so so so. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's like you you you you you you you you you know well I mean um I mean okay you know color but not necessarily and and and and and and and and and that is what the color couch is all uh um you know I mean well um um um um um um um um um like I mean about. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television television television television television television television television television the podcast will uh um okay well like so uh okay talk about color from from from from from from from from from time to time, but it's really about what brought my so I mean um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay so clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop so so so so so so so so so like um you know you know okay like you know Shop for everything related related related related related related related related related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming okay well well well well well well well well well well okay like um so like out in the market, but want to bring in the owner owner owner owner owner owner owner owner owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr so like I mean so you know so um like. Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say folks I mean I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh uh uh okay okay that was very impressive that he got all all all all all all all all all those words out because that was I mean well okay I mean um um I I I I I I I I I mean you know his fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to say is you know like so uh you know uh you know you know hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled Fumbled it. We I mean okay uh well um like well well this is a a a a a a a a a this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um like uh you know uh or problems, it has to be in in in in in in in in in the first three seconds because so you know uh so uh you know know know know know know know know know I mean okay otherwise it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know you know okay so so a podcast Let Me Explain real quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick first, it's free. How could how could how could how could how could how how how how how how how how how could how could how could how could you get anything well okay um okay well like like like like like like like like like so you know better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to record and edit like uh like I mean like well you know you know your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute your uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so uh I mean uh you know podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you um um um um um um um um um um you know so um uh I mean I mean can make money from your your your your your your your your your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need um um uh um um um um um um um um um um okay okay I mean to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor well um like I mean okay um like like like like like like like like like like dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored on FM to get started started started started started started started started started I mean okay well uh I mean like well so. Welcome to immerse boys immersed immersed immersed immersed immersed immersed immersed immersed immersed with the boys and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know so like uh well there we go coming at you you you you you you you you you week three, but four you probably week okay so okay I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so like one. Hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? Nancy Nancy Nancy Nancy Nancy Nancy Nancy Nancy And this okay so um um uh okay you know um is a a a a a a a a a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the beginning uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well I mean uh I mean like uh of a fresh new start which means means means means means means means means means a whole nother month a whole nother 30-something days you know I mean you you you you you you you you you know okay uh well um so to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week week week week week week week week week next week the following week um uh uh okay okay I mean like uh. You have have have have have have have have have a 30-something days and get your money up. And yeah, let them March like like like like like like like like like like so you know uh okay I mean like Madness big game and and and and and and and and and shout out to all my March baby. Shout out like like you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like okay to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean well like okay find defensive listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister uh uh well you know like like like like like like like like like well you know uh Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead driver driver driver driver driver driver driver driver driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him you know I mean uh uh like like like like like like like like like you know well you know to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman gunman gunman gunman gunman gunman gunman gunman gunman suddenly the car so okay okay so well okay you know okay door flung flung flung flung flung flung flung flung flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street Street. He uh um um okay so like you know uh shouted let me me me me me me me me me go. What do you want from me? But his captors didn't okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay um well uh reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and and and and and and and and and sped off. Inside uh okay okay well I mean like so um the car Aldo's kidnappers kidnappers kidnappers kidnappers kidnappers kidnappers kidnappers kidnappers kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him you know um um um um um um um um um well you know uh I mean um okay then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we yo, we yo, we yo, we yo, we yo, we yo, we yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, we yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we we we we we we we we we are with the like I mean well okay I mean I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, we're what uh okay like uh you know I mean like you know know know know know know know know know lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just she just she just she just just just just just just just just just she just she just she just she just she just ate shaking like a a a a a a a a a vegetable, I mean uh well um um well uh so but she liked liked liked liked liked liked liked liked liked her applesauce. Let them know but All right, you drop the uh so so so so so so so so so you know so uh I mean well like spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright Alright Alright Alright Alright Alright Alright Alright Alright. So what we talked about today you know like you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh um today is a good one today. Just not just not not not not not not not not not just not just not just not just not just not just not just just just just just just just just just not back when I'm gonna say yeah, we're not so um so like you know know know know know know know know know like like I mean racist Guys. These are these are these are these these these these these these these these these are these are these are these are these are these are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen. Congratulations okay well well you know well like um you know on qualifying for your your your your your your your your your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, right. War um uh so so so so so so so so so well so you know uh you know really exciting Really excited to be going to to to to to to to to to this one you Cycles kind of been different um so so well like like I I I I I I I I I mean so but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do you take time time time time time time time time time so like like okay so I mean um you know to kind of reassess reassess reassess reassess reassess reassess reassess reassess reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, you now, you now, you now, you now, you now, you now, you you you you you you you you you now, you now, you know well okay so like so uh well if you've been following following following following following following following following following us over the past couple of episodes you would have I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh I mean I mean you know like noticed that we started a new new new new new new new new new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had uh I mean well you you you you you you you you you know um okay I mean um dr. Chuck Matias. He talked he talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked he talked he talked he talked he talked he talked he talked he talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler well like like like like like like like like like well like I mean like okay okay join us talking about fasting weekly and and and and and and and and and on this episode. We kind of you know okay I mean well um like like like like like like like like like like I mean continue that conversation. We have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera Camera Camera Camera Camera Camera Camera Camera Camera. Joining us okay I mean okay you know I mean well okay like like like like like like like like like and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to like like like like like like like like like like um well I mean I mean I mean okay us as a gift gift gift gift gift gift gift gift gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so um like I I I I I I I I I mean you know like okay okay thank you Dana for joining us right here with with with with with with with with with you guys. So your mom you're a you know like um I mean you know know know know know know know know know um uh you know loving wife and you've been here. I hope for a long long long long long long long long long time. So you've like so like so so okay uh uh obviously spent hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going so so so so so so so so so so you know well so well uh so to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric elbow you know okay um uh you know I mean um okay dislocation from from from from from from from from from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in you know well well well well well well well well well um uh uh I mean um okay older children defined as between 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 to 15 years old and can be associated you know okay well so so well well well well well well well well well well well with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment um well um like so you know okay you know know know know know know know know know is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an an an an an an an an an well so uh well uh so like well serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three to you know you know uh so so so so so so so so so I mean um I mean I mean six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries injuries. The male to female ratio is 3 2 1 like uh um uh like you know um um um um um um um um um I mean these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And And And And And And And And And these and these and these and these and these and these and these and and and and and and and and and these and these are very uh um okay uh uh well so so rare in in in in in in in in in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation okay you you you you you you you you you know so like well um well like is typically a fall onto an an an an an an an an an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy. Today we're uh um well like you know so you know so going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce like so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know uh uh so myself to those who don't who don't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified um I mean well so okay I mean uh so so so so so so so so so Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 patients you know um so um so so uh so a day and the the the the the the the the the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have a uh you know know know know know know know know know um uh I mean you know you know I mean census. It's been been been been been been been been been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So um okay okay you you you you you you you you you know well like I mean I mean literally my patients have been very worried worried worried worried worried worried worried worried worried about the core virus and to be honest so um so well like uh you you you you you you you you you know um who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is is is is is is is is is so okay okay uh like like uh you know the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It is a platform that speaking well I mean okay you know um um um um um um um um um um uh well of which uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that okay so so like uh well well so allow you to record and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor so uh so you know know know know know know know know know well um so okay will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and I mean um like okay so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like many more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean so well okay you know okay and it's everything that you need to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place download the so okay well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. If you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you fart on a plane, why would you do do do do do do do do do that? I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee you know know know know know know know know know I mean like you know you know like um I mean. Ask Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay like so um um with a name for this? We'll get started right right right right right right right right right after this a lot of stream I mean um like so um um um I I I I I I I I I mean coach clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own own own own own own own own own podcast uh I mean uh you know um I mean I mean okay. So this is is is is is is is is is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um uh well um um my favorite platform for this anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off like you know you know you know know know know know know know know know so um uh uh it's free. There are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are are are there are there are there are there are tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from I mean uh you know um well so so so so so so so so so so like your phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded okay I mean well I mean I mean I mean well I mean on my my my my my my my my my phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor you you you you you you you you you know um so okay uh so I mean like distributes the podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 uh so well so um well well well well well well well well well you know okay others at this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges uh uh well you know okay so um well a lot of obstacles and and and and and and and and and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience so like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so well I mean of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me me me me me me me me me as I go like uh so like well like you know like along you're joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, uh like okay um well um so so have you heard about anchor dot? F F F F F F F F F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, uh I mean you know um so so so so so so so so so you know I mean so I've been searching for so long. What kind of of of of of of of of of host how to do it um um uh so okay uh like you know engine engine engine engine engine engine engine engine engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have with me so like like like like like like like like like well so like um so um today the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to introduce you to her well uh well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um well. She is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition and like so well um you know like you know so I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well okay so you know okay ways to optimize fueling to lose way to to to to to to to to to be your best self and frankly. I well well you know you know like like well well well well well well well well well you know don't feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think think think think think think think think think that Kathleen has so uh you know like um you know okay I I I I I I I I I mean a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself Hi everyone you know um so like so so so I mean. Sure Joy. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am a I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like I mean um well you know mom of two boys ages 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like like okay well I mean days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined in studio to my right is well well so um so like like okay called Snodgrass Snodgrass Snodgrass Snodgrass Snodgrass Snodgrass Snodgrass Snodgrass Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals I mean you you you you you you you you you know like okay um um okay um to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right right right right right right right right right is cow, Bloomfield. How's well uh um um well okay well um it going? There? There There There There There There There There It is and behind me is roommate cow with if so um um um um um um um um um um well uh so um well you can hear him. I don't know if you you you you you you you you you guys can hear him so you know okay okay well you know uh like like like like like like like like like. And then and then and then and then and then and then and then and then then then then then then then then then and then tonight we welcome on a very very special guest. He is an OG OG OG OG OG OG OG OG OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our probably our probably our probably our probably our probably our probably our probably our probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have my homegirl homegirl homegirl homegirl homegirl homegirl homegirl homegirl homegirl my boo like like I mean uh I mean like okay well my love in in in in in in in in in the building. Let them let them let them let them let them let them let them them them them them them them them them let them let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's good? It's so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh well uh Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, Like, Like, Like, Like, Like, Like, Like, Like, what do you do like I mean okay uh uh uh so like like like like like like like like like uh what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I do do do do do do do do do. I uh okay like I mean so like well okay don't like to limit limit limit limit limit limit limit limit limit too much with the words. But um, I kind of um so um I mean okay well well well well well well well well well okay okay do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training training training training training training training training training herbalists. Mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst amongst mhm amongst mhm amongst other um I mean I mean so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you you you you you you you you you here girl. Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so so you know uh well uh I mean so you do do do do do do do do do everything just like me like I dont limit myself. I make candles um uh so so so so so so so so so like I mean like well well soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm actually I'm actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually I'm actually I'm actually I'm actually I'm actually I'm actually I'm actually I'm in the process of of of of of of of of of making medicine to yeah, um you know like so well okay I mean I I I I I I I I I mean and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you doing hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, you know okay well I mean um um well uh how you doing? I'm pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty good myself. All right. What do you want to uh um you know know know know know know know know know um um well okay so talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not not not not not not not not not much stock boat. We well uh I mean um so like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back back back back back back back back back. You so well um okay I mean so you know like like like like like like like like like know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought we we we we we we we we we were so uh I mean uh um okay okay so talking about a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic relationship and like like like like like like like like like um okay I mean I mean so you know you know I was starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I think you were um you know know know know know know know know know well you know I mean so uh you know to it's like when fully back back back back back back back back back on board is fully back with the Calgary so you know well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean well Flames right now to start that podcast. I was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was was like, I'm not I'm not like um so like you know like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean falling for it. I've been hurt too many times by these these these these these these these these these guys, but by the um well um um so you know okay well well well well well well well well well end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine you you you you you you you you you know I mean so uh um like well okay. I'm told I'm fully back back back back back back back back back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not fully okay well I mean um well so so so so so so so so so well well back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back to to to to to to to to to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring the first of of of of of of of of of two episodes on well so well like well well you know okay the big big big big big big big big big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in well you know know know know know know know know know I mean um well um okay I mean a horrific two-day wildfire that burned burned burned burned burned burned burned burned burned three million Acres. It would change the way people looked well well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so well like at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the the the the the the the the the u.s. Forest service like uh okay like uh you know like I mean to to to to to to to to to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you you you you you you you you you get you know well so I mean okay um okay so your podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like uh so I mean okay advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under under under under under under under under under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, you know um so you know know know know know know know know know so like you know like 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young young young young young young young young young volunteers were clearing brush you know so well well um okay um okay on on on on on on on on on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me me me me me me me me me again, and uh um I mean well I mean uh okay you know we we we we we we we we we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked we talked we talked we we we we we we we we we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked about getting started well well well well well well well well well well okay well okay well uh I mean the painting that I talked about about about about about about about about about last week. I have finished and now um um like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know so I'm sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that that that that that that that that that I use in my own Studio well you know like you know uh like um um um um um um um um um I mean practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing finishing this podcast so well um okay I mean um uh so is brought to to to to to to to to to you by my online class layer by layer where you so like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean well um will see Me paint a large abstract painting from from from from from from from from from start to finish. So if you'd like so I mean I mean like um um um um um um um um um uh I mean like to see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward slash okay um well so like like like well classes click on layer by layer and and and and and and and and and don't forget to use the coupon code you know you know you know so so so so so so so so so I mean um you know well. The coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the the the the the the the the the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 infe be and you will save I mean well so uh you know you you you you you you you you you know I mean um 20% on that class up to the 19th of March 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020. So that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's so that's so that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets. Whether well um um so so you know okay you know this is your first first first first first first first first first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you um I mean um um okay I I I I I I I I I mean like like so much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today today today today today today today today today in the studio um um um you know I mean so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean joining me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today today today today today today today today today um I mean okay I mean like I mean like okay. Cody. Remember, excuse me. If If If If If If If If If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know okay well logic is. It's a podcast presented by custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we um like okay like I mean well well well well well well well well well you know well talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry Trends or events. So yeah, we so um okay okay I mean um well you you you you you you you you you know just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom custom offsets uh um so you know so so well okay is the place you're going going going going going going going going going to want to head on over to you can uh like like um um um um um um um um um uh okay uh uh find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we also, we also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, we also, we also, we also, we also, we also, we also, we just just just just just just just just just launched a new giveaway yesterday and so like you know I mean well I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your you know okay okay so so so so so so so so so uh well you know so host Doyle an angel man has been a fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking you know you know like you know you know know know know know know know know know well uh you know week yesterday was it was sick the what face facts facts facts facts facts facts facts facts facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us uh like like you know okay like like like like like like like like like well um the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? then then then then then then then then Now but yeah, you know you know um well I mean uh so you know know know know know know know know know that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on gravity Mero Mero Mero Mero Mero Mero Mero Mero Mero Mero so uh you know like I mean uh you know so Beyond pain was was was was was was was was was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't lose brain cells um um um um um um um um um um so well um okay I mean okay last night happy to you, right cause like like like like like like like like like that sure was it was so uh I mean uh um like okay uh if if if if if if if if if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me let me um I mean well uh like well you know okay explain. It's a a a a a a a a a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um well um I mean and edit your podcast, right you're from phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute I mean you know so you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so your podcast for you. So it so it so it so so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it so it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many um you know so okay um so well well well well well well well well well well more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you okay I mean like uh I mean um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a a a a a a a a a question. Are well um well okay so well uh uh you living the life life life life life life life life life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We uh okay uh so so so so so so so so so so you know um so all have that picture in our mind not that life life life life life life life life life. You want you want you want you want you want you want you want you you you you you you you you you want you want to live my question uh like okay like you know well well well well well well well well well well uh to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would would would would would would would would would say no okay well okay well well like uh so. Well why the answers answers answers answers answers answers answers answers answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too it's too it's too too too too too too too too too it's too it's too it's too it's too it's too it's too hard okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like I mean so uh well uh. It doesn't seem feasible. I I I I I I I I I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't okay okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so you know have it in me. I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the the the the the the the the the go uh I mean um well like um like uh Hi, this is me me me me me me me me me on Guam. Today's Bodhi today's Bodhi today's Bodhi today's Bodhi today's Bodhi today's Bodhi today's Bodhi Bodhi Bodhi Bodhi Bodhi Bodhi Bodhi Bodhi Bodhi today's Bodhi today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon you know so uh so so so so so so so so so um um uh like a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He He He He He He He He He had received an okay well uh like um uh like well invitation to a a a a a a a a a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket but due like uh okay well well well well well well well well well you know you know so um to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Kong International Airport. As well okay um well I mean so so um um um um um um um um um a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred preferred preferred preferred preferred preferred preferred preferred preferred seat for okay well you know uh like I mean so I mean him. On On On On On On On On On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast well you you you you you you you you you know okay okay you know I mean so well the art of empowerment podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in I mean okay you know well well well well well well well well well I mean you know okay you know our industry who are ready to stand together together together together together together together together together to fight Society standards and become part you know I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know like well well um of a community that elevates each other and makes a true true true true true true true true true and lasting impact on I mean okay um like you know you know okay um um um um um um um um um this world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show show show show show show show show show. I'm okay uh okay you know well I mean like okay here today with a special special special special special special special special special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never you know well um I I I I I I I I I mean well you know uh so called you Bethany best Ajman and I think think think think think think think think think I said your last name right? You like um well so well so so so so so so so so so so well did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? name name name name name name name name And yeah, let's start I mean well okay like like uh okay um there. Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard uh okay you know know know know know know know know know I mean like uh I mean okay editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so uh okay so okay okay leadership series for 2020 for international women's women's women's women's women's women's women's women's women's day as part of this series. We've well you know I mean uh well well well well well well well well well you know I mean you know sat down with some exceptional female leaders to to to to to to to to to talk about their story their journey, and uh well like uh so um well uh what what what what what what what what what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign you you you you you you you you you know well I mean okay you know okay well you know for international women's day. We We We We We We We We We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay um you know episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the the the the the the the the the Chief Operating Officer across the you know I mean so like you know you you you you you you you you you know like so Davidson group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment recruitment recruitment recruitment recruitment recruitment recruitment recruitment recruitment industry the majority of them well okay you know okay so well like okay being being being being being being being being being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie you know you know uh okay you know well uh uh at Chandler MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk now so you know okay uh um I mean okay um. It was the buzz guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new gossip okay well like well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like like like like like like like like like a super show well uh well so uh I mean so I mean. We have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have we have we have so much new to get through so much gossip II just just just just just just just just just they stayed like like I mean like uh um you know uh with with with with with with with with with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree um you know know know know know know know know know like okay so um you know okay and to my immediate left. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy okay so I mean you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean like I mean love having you here. So let's just just just just just just just just just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's start with like like um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean so okay well AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So So So So So So So So So you guys prayers up. First of okay you know well um uh um well well well well well well well well well okay all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know you know like you know um well. It's time it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time time time time time time time time time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host okay you you you you you you you you you know so uh I mean well okay like other day, bro, a meddling meddling meddling meddling meddling meddling meddling meddling meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about it's about it's about it's about it's about about about about about about about about about it's about it's about it's about it's about the start of like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean you know well so any number two. And before we get get get get get get get get get going we want to give a big shout-out well well I mean uh uh so so so so so so so so so okay well to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance quality catching so so like uh uh like um I mean equipment. If you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to their website like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh well I mean okay www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array array array array array array array array array of great training gloves anywhere well okay you know I mean so well like you you you you you you you you you know from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the the the the the the the the the glove so well you know um uh uh like like that was designed by our very very very very very very very very very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to well so so so so so so so so so well you know I mean well um you know our weekly CPD podcast full of of of of of of of of of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your I mean um uh well like like like like like like like like like well uh I mean a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find find find find find find find find find this podcast helpful to you know like so okay um so like well fulfill your your your your your your your your your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog okay uh like okay so um okay uh. We take we take we take we we we we we we we we we take we take we take we take we take we take a look. Six Six Six Six Six Six Six Six Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh uh so and your EPC we've been asked about this many times times times times times times times times times. So we so we so we so we so we so we so so so so so so so so so we so we so we now like you know um I mean so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is the the the the the the the the the well you know I mean um I mean like well like six-year rule in in in in in in in in in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states it states it states it states states states states states states states states states it states it states it states it states it states that when okay like like like like like like like like like well so okay uh you know uh you enroll as a candidate you you you you you you you you you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your your your your your your your your your Energies. Most of the okay like um like like okay um well time we we we we we we we we we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In okay in in in in in in in in in okay in okay in okay in okay in okay in okay in okay in in in in in in in in in okay okay you know I mean um well so um fact, even this physical body which which which which which which which which which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy you know um you you you you you you you you you know so um I mean I mean um because if you break down all all all all all all all all all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay so uh you know cells into Small little Adam and Adam in in in in in in in in in two electrons. What are they? They are they are they are they are they they they they they they they they they are they are they are they are they are I mean well uh okay well well well well well well well well well okay so well Energies. They are a form of energy your body is in in in in in in in in in energy. Your thoughts your thoughts your thoughts your thoughts your thoughts your thoughts your thoughts your your your your your your your your your thoughts your thoughts are also okay uh uh uh well you know you know know know know know know know know know well an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi well well well well well well well well well so well okay I mean okay um I mean. The run the run the run the the the the the the the the the run the run the run the run the run the run for PRS podcast was was was was was was was was was created to give away the secrets to okay well uh I mean well well okay you you you you you you you you you know transform your training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and and and and and and and and and uh well well I mean okay so like I mean athletes the questions that you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've been dying to know the answers to we will so okay okay like like like like like like like like like well um okay so get the inside scoop on what really makes you the the the the the the the the the best athlete that you can be okay well um so so um I mean you know know know know know know know know know. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay okay like um um um so fast well, This podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep well okay so well well well well well well well well well well uh um I mean dive to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner runner runner runner runner runner runner runner runner. How to like like like um I mean uh I mean uh gain endurance endurance endurance endurance endurance endurance endurance endurance endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background in so so so so so so so so so uh well like I mean so uh uh a robic sports, like distance swimming biking biking biking biking biking biking biking biking biking or soccer will have an aerobic base okay well like okay uh um um um um um um um um um okay you know already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before before before before before before before before before some have okay so um well uh um um I mean been through multiple exits exits exits exits exits exits exits exits exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but so um like uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh they all have one common thread which is they know know know know know know know know know where there's a pain in sports or so okay so like I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that there there there there there there there there there are people okay like you know I mean I mean uh I mean so willing to to to to to to to to to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to sports Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech feed um like um like I mean like you know like the global Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen you listen you listen you listen you you you you you you you you you listen you listen you listen you listen you listen to sports take feed I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know you know so uh okay so. I'm your host. Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, we've got a uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um well well I mean really insightful and interesting discussion today today today today today today today today today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing well okay okay well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund I mean uh like so uh well I mean like like like like like like like like like for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over 40 cohort company company company company company company company company company since it um you know you know like um well so well launched in in in in in in in in in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to Hell I am with a a a a a a a a a Lisa Kelly. Welcome so well I mean like well well so you you you you you you you you you know. Thank you. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and and and and and and and and and author okay like okay uh you know well uh like but most importantly an astrologer and and and and and and and and and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident so okay I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so okay like astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third third third third third third third third third. She's basically she's basically she's basically she's basically she's basically she's basically she's basically she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's basically she's basically okay well well um uh well I mean uh like the the the the the the the the the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you you you you you you you you you guys some well I mean like like um you know okay um astrology It I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know uh um I mean I mean um ever have so she is a weekly podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast stars like us that I okay I mean um like okay I mean so so so so so so so so so you know just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through through through through through through through through through website. She I mean like you know well okay um um I mean just gave gave gave gave gave gave gave gave gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night night night night night night night night night okay okay um you know well I mean like I mean toothbrushing show start brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing on the top of your mouth on one side um well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh uh I mean and brush the inside the outside and the chewing side side side side side side side side side of each tube. Its well uh like like so okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean heroines week and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work like like like like like like like like like you know like so you know well you know okay helped black women all over over over over over over over over over America. Ah madam, ah madam, ah madam, ah madam, ah madam, ah madam, ah madam, madam, madam, madam, madam, madam, madam, madam, madam, ah madam, ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know so okay okay uh I mean Madame CJ Walker, she had a different name name name name name name name name name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in uh um well so uh so well um 1867 in in in in in in in in in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um okay so uh uh so her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh okay like uh I mean well today. We talked with dr. Ebony Ebony Ebony Ebony Ebony Ebony Ebony Ebony Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help uh um um I mean so um um um um um um um um um um so you achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply apply apply apply apply apply apply apply apply um like I mean um okay well so uh and let's Inspire. Let's do do do do do do do do do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know you know okay um been for many years. Now. Did that that that that that that that that that did that did that did that did that did that did that did that did did did did did did did did did that spark appear very early on in your life uh you know well like I I I I I I I I I mean you know so okay or did it come a bit later on the spark spark spark spark spark spark spark spark spark appeared? I was so um you know like so like I mean you you you you you you you you you know about 6 and yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor with uh okay um okay okay I mean like so animals in general and yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope y'all you know you know so so um well you know okay are growing in your your your your your your your your your faith some from this thing before I even introduced okay well so so uh I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced yet. Yeah, smash the okay okay I mean like you know well I I I I I I I I I mean well Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so so so so so so so so so sweet of you. If you I mean uh like like um uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets um like I mean well uh you know you know well the message message message message message message message message message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, well you you you you you you you you you know okay you know so well like well let me introduce my lovely co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All so okay you know uh I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean uh right, and you'll work on this entry. We need need need need need need need need need to do something about that, right? um um so um okay well so well Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a skip to 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 I mean um so okay well so okay you know seconds. Yeah, I was was was was was was was was was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still on uh well so uh you you you you you you you you you know you know okay you know our demonic Church teaching series and we have have have have have have have have have covered quite a few here and we um like uh like so uh well okay are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard of so so you know I mean so like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and and and and and and and and and there's a you know um uh so I mean so like okay lot of creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know I mean uh you know you know know know know know know know know know phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once and and and and and and and and and once and once and once and once and once and once and once and once you you you you you you you you you make your uh um well well uh like so okay podcast on anchor is distributed to to to to to to to to to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can make easy money uh so um so um you you you you you you you you you know well okay by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, like you know you know you know uh well well well well well well well well well well you know it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells and and and and and and and and and this podcast will be okay I mean so okay I mean you know well like focusing on on on on on on on on on how to navigate an Excel as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so like uh like I mean you know in physics because we know that there there there there there there there there there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon so okay like I mean uh so I mean I mean. And today we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in so like I I I I I I I I I mean so you know I mean you know like which I'll basically kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of run through what the shows actually going to well well like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so you know be about for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo Dojo Dojo Dojo Dojo Dojo Dojo Dojo Dojo is talk a um um like I mean well well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean little bit about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before before before before before before before before before okay like like um uh um you know you know we get any any any any any any any any any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily stay uh um like well I mean uh okay so or reflect those of of of of of of of of of the company and its management for their more the views I mean like like like like like like like like like uh okay uh I mean uh um and opinions of the guests and and and and and and and and and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have we have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have Eric McClellan former former former former former former former former former I mean um um so well so uh okay A&R at Warner Music all around around around around around around around around around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us 40 I mean um like you you you you you you you you you know so like okay um minutes of his time to really cover, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, some solid tips and tricks, uh uh uh I mean like well um uh you you you you you you you you you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R A&R their so you know uh um um well um uh own projects. But then then then then then then then then then as they start to progress in their career how they can start well like um um um um um um um um um okay so like I mean um to, you know, reach out to you you you you you you you you you know, bigger and ours and work with like so I mean like so uh I I I I I I I I I mean um a and ours at labels as well. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so this this this this this this this this this is a great um um I mean I mean so so okay you know one one one one one one one one one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are looking for more okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh uh well uh um so information on how Studio talk can help you you you you you you you you you out. Check us out at okay like I mean so I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan former A&R at Warner um you know I mean uh you know like so I I I I I I I I I mean Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So So So So So So So So So yeah, man, I mean like like I mean uh well I mean well well well well well well well well well I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um um um um um um um um um I'm um I'm um well uh um okay okay well okay your host Chris Ferrara Ferrara Ferrara Ferrara Ferrara Ferrara Ferrara Ferrara Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so okay so okay. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation Animation Animation Animation Animation Animation Animation Animation Animation. We're going to talk about you know um uh um I mean well well well well well well well well well um well Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a a a a a a a a a well um uh I mean like well I mean so first-hand animator and one of my my my my my my my my my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay well okay you know look guys Andrew and me had been been been been been been been been been talking about how we could get him on so okay uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um like well the podcast and stuff. He wanted he wanted he wanted he he he he he he he he he wanted he wanted he wanted he wanted he wanted he wanted to talk about and and and and and and and and and me and Andrew always talk you know I mean okay so um uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, the perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect category um so okay so okay uh okay I mean to kind of start start start start start start start start start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the the the the the the the the the show I mean you know like uh I mean uh okay well. Quick five minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me like like like like like like like like like um like like well I mean um so for a while have been following following following following following following following following following me on the internet out there in uh well like okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of of of of of of of of of you know well I mean you know uh you know so uh experience trumps trumps trumps trumps trumps trumps trumps trumps trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the so the so the so so so so so so so so so the so the so the so the so the so the concept of like like like like like like like like like you know like you know um uh like I mean not skipping a step step step step step step step step step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If you know okay like like like like like like like like like okay um like so uh you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening sharpening sharpening sharpening sharpening sharpening sharpening sharpening sharpening your skills as a uh like okay okay um I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay nurse you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good good good good good good good good good score last you know like okay um okay I mean well so night. No, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just well so you know like like like like like like like like like so okay like so a waste of time of us trying to win win win win win win win win win so we can get a higher so well okay um like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, it's okay like you know you know you know okay okay uh a lottery lottery lottery lottery lottery lottery lottery lottery lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the point point point point point point point point point besides I mean you know so I mean okay well you know well that Besides you you you you you you you you you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um well like you know um had two of them. I sold one of of of of of of of of of them for a hundred and sixty three you know you know I mean well well well well well well well well well I mean you know um okay dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now I now I now I now I now I now I now I I I I I I I I I now I now I had this card for like um I mean you know I I I I I I I I I mean like okay uh $125 for the longest time and I took it off because because because because because because because because because I was afraid that uh you know like like so uh um um of exactly this this this this this this this this this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Thank you know like like you know uh um uh you know you so much for for for for for for for for for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well so okay um to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click click click click click click click click click on store and browse some I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay like pearly pearly pearly pearly pearly pearly pearly pearly pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon page so like um so uh okay I mean you know and see what how you can can can can can can can can can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome so um okay uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay content just as much As you like listening to it it it it it it it it it enjoy the show. Hello like like well uh so so I mean uh. I'm so so so so so so so so so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys you guys you guys you you you you you you you you you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys are tuned into in in in in in in in in in the uh okay so well okay like I mean you know woods with DDS a a a a a a a a a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we look forward well so um you you you you you you you you you know well uh so I mean to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty Alrighty Alrighty Alrighty Alrighty Alrighty Alrighty Alrighty Alrighty guys, alrighty guys, alrighty guys, alrighty guys, alrighty guys, alrighty guys, alrighty guys, alrighty alrighty alrighty alrighty alrighty alrighty alrighty alrighty alrighty guys, alrighty guys, thank you so much I mean well uh you know know know know know know know know know like um uh so for tuning in again. This is the first episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of in the woods with EDSA uh I mean okay okay like well you know well well well well well well well well well. So bear so bear so bear so bear so bear so bear so bear so so so so so so so so so bear so bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay I mean you know so okay okay these that we do we we we we we we we we we also plan to have a lot of different different guest you know you know um um um um um um um um um like so like I mean so on the show each week. We have have have have have have have have have a trio of different co-hosts that are going to so okay okay okay I I I I I I I I I mean uh like I mean be going to be helping out and joining us the first first first first first first first first first of which is um well like you know you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was going so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so you know like okay um on? Everybody just happy to be here here here here here here here here here. He's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm so so so so so so so so so well uh okay uh okay uh okay just here to let you guys know know know know know know know know know that anchor is the best way like like okay well well I mean like like like like like like like like like well to make a podcast online. If you're if you're if you're if if if if if if if if if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're looking to make your own own own own own own own own own so okay like I mean you know I mean um uh podcast anchor is is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. It gives it gives it gives it gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives it gives it gives it gives it gives it gives you everything I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know like I mean um like so you need in one one one one one one one one one place for free, which you can use right from your phone or like like like like like like like like like um I mean you know you know uh you know um computer creation tools allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds okay you know like you you you you you you you you you know so you know well uh even better. They'll distribute your podcast for you so it it it it it it it it it can be heard everywhere like like okay so uh well well you know from Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast you you you you you you you you you know like um um okay okay I mean well with no minimum listenership. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This okay okay you know so so so so so so so so so you know okay I mean okay isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I guess I guess I guess I I I I I I I I I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing probably the well you know so uh so well like so biggest talk in in in in in in in in in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now if so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like um uh you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you that he's staying put so uh um like okay you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it just like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know um like well like doesn't make sense for me me me me me me me me me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh uh um you know NFL for just about 20 years spent it it it it it it it it it all with one team just uh like well so I mean um you know you you you you you you you you you know doesn't make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me me me me me me me me me uh well so okay okay you know well well. So it doesn't make sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense to me for this man the go out and so uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so so uh play for another team at 43 years old after spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way way way way way way way way way I mean like uh so I mean well I mean well to get you going going going going going going going going going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know okay uh I mean to get started and you know what? It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally it's totally free just download the uh okay well well I mean you know you you you you you you you you you know like free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're on uh well you know uh well uh uh um your way to your your your your your your your your your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um I mean uh I mean well you want to talk about on your your your your your your your your your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you I mean like so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh like want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's totally free. Once you know uh so um so so I mean well well well well well well well well well again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot so like like like like like like like like like well you know okay um okay so f m-- in you on your way way way way way way way way way. He's not going back again. Another segment well you know okay I mean um I I I I I I I I I mean well um of the roller agenda this this segment of the real real real real real real real real real agenda. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so so so so so so so so so here's so here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor uh um well like so uh well well its easiest way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's okay I mean um um um well well well well well well well well well you know like creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right like okay um well well I mean uh so from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it so well um well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can can can can can make money from okay I mean well okay okay well um well your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast like okay well well well well well well well well well so I mean okay I mean you know all in one place. So download download download download download download download download download the anchor app. For your phone or go to so so um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well okay Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella Isabella Isabella Isabella Isabella Isabella Isabella Isabella Isabella gun. So tonight we're uh um I mean like okay you know I mean uh going going going going going going going going going to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the you know know know know know know know know know like you know you know you know I mean um uh sense of of of of of of of of of an image. It's an it's an it's an it's an it's an it's an an an an an an an an an it's an it's an it's an idea that people have and we're going to well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well okay uh I mean you know look into it understand that nothing. I I I I I I I I I say I say I say I say I say I say I say I I I I I I I I I say I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the inside the inside the inside the inside the inside the inside the inside the the the the the the the the the inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan like like like like like like like like like like you know so uh okay so uh Adam. It's going to be our second second second second second second second second second free agency show because people can't get well um so like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay enough free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you you you you you you you you you left okay well uh um so okay you know well like we should really really really really really really really really really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we because we because we we we we we we we we we because we because we because we because we because we because we had a a a a a a a a a I mean okay um okay okay um I mean uh record-setting podcast when we we we we we we we we we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We I mean okay I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay uh um so did our free agency preview from there and then then then then then then then then then it just exploded. So obviously we I mean like okay well so well well well well well well well well well well well both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop scoop scoop scoop scoop scoop scoop scoop scoop. So we're okay I mean you know you know okay so so so so so so so so so so so really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really listen so so so so so so so so so uh okay okay uh well well well you know that was fantastic. Yeah, I I I I I I I I I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but but but but but but but but but okay so so um so you know like you know it's confusing because we release release release release release release release release release the last two episodes out of order. When so okay um well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know one one three two. Oh, how oh, how oh, how how how how how how how how how oh, how oh, how oh, how oh, how oh, how oh, how will how will will will will will will will will will they trust how will you know uh I mean um like okay you know you you you you you you you you you know our fans? How are we gonna get through this as a group? I I I I I I I I I think uh so um uh so um okay you know I think that all hate mail mail mail mail mail mail mail mail mail to at Monday. No, you no, you no, you no, you no, you no, you you you you you you you you you no, you no, you no, you have to it's more um um um um um um um um um um um um uh so like like of like an avant-garde movie where they Least like like like like like like like like like where it's like they don't show I mean okay so well so I mean um um um um um um um um um so you the current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've heard. It's um you know um like so well uh well out of order order order order order order order order order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining it's ruining it's ruining it's ruining it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's ruining it's ruining it's ruining it's ruining it's ruining my life. It is I mean like like like like like like like like like like okay okay I mean I mean okay ruining your life. Yeah, you get get get get get get get get get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, I I I I I I I I I yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well so you know like I mean um you do. Wait. So what so so so so so so so so so what so what so what so what so what so what so what so so so so so so so so so what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now I mean well like like like like like like like like like uh uh well you know well which are you like medieval don't you you you you you you you you you I do. What about war? What about what about what about what about what about about about about about about about about about what about what about what about what about like so okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know I mean so like guns big fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea how like so okay so uh I mean like uh we do it here at at at at at at at at at paddle and fin podcast. We use we use we use we use we use we we we we we we we we we use we use we use we use the anchor dot f m-- recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording you know well so like uh like okay okay platform super easy distributes our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools to like uh like you know um um um um um um um um um so okay so allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or a okay I mean so well so you know um I mean computer check out out out out out out out out out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app okay you know um um um um um um um um um like um I mean uh uh to get started. This segment is brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought to you by jig Master jigs when well well okay well I mean well well well well well well well well well I mean like in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and and and and and and and and and use promo code. Pmf like so like okay you know um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh okay you know okay and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we we we we we we we we we raised you know um okay like okay um like okay a bear and lower the tone tone tone tone tone tone tone tone tone all things FPL related this week folks. We um so you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh are going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and and and and and and and and and before you like so so okay I mean uh well um and ask where where where where where where where where where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's I mean well so so so so so so so so so so well like okay I mean a good thing because you're not going to get get get get get get get get get them here at least not so like um um so well um like in this this this this this this this this this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well okay um okay uh the Past tear up the usual FPL narratives and and and and and and and and and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, uh well okay uh um um you know so so so so so so so so so too. 80s film 80s film 80s film 80s film 80s film 80s film 80s film film film film film film film film film 80s film 80s film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of you you you you you you you you you know like I mean um like like okay you know a Macos Alonso brace which Drew Drew Drew Drew Drew Drew Drew Drew Drew assisted one. I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I I I I I I I I I believe I believe I believe Leighton Baines reminding so uh like like okay uh uh like like like like like like like like like us why in many ways he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso Alonso. And I mean well okay like well you know you know like of course, course, course, course, course, course, course, course, course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before but before but but but but but but but but but before but before but before but before but before but before but before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Animal Crossing well okay okay like uh well uh like episode 120 is brought to you you you you you you you you you by Lindsay Hiller one of our okay well so like I mean well so um newest newest newest newest newest newest newest newest newest patreon patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown countdown countdown countdown countdown countdown countdown countdown countdown so uh I mean well um well so uh questions talk about all the new information information information information information information information information information. We learned from PAX East and uh I mean like well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh there will be a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and and and and and and and and and her experience like well like like um like well you know playing Animal Crossing New Horizons Horizons Horizons Horizons Horizons Horizons Horizons Horizons Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio okay okay you know okay you you you you you you you you you know uh like um. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, it's been a really well um I mean um so uh uh so productive productive productive productive productive productive productive productive productive week. But in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight okay um um um um um um um um um well you know so I mean uh well. It's been filled with a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of news and then I also got some you know well like well so so so so so so so so so so okay so amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh uh like like like you know say thank you a very very big big big big big big big big big thank you for tuning in today. I like okay um so like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well am going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic that's very close you know okay uh so uh I mean um like to my heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today I mean you know well well well well well well well well well um okay um well like that you know my needed to you know, sort of address address address address address address address address address the elephant in the like well I mean so so I mean like so room room room room room room room room room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Aven okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so so um I mean so I mean. I hope everyone had had had had had had had had had a great week. First off. I just want to say thank you like so okay like like like like like like like like like okay well so um to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging on Instagram following and just like okay well I mean I mean like like like giving giving giving giving giving giving giving giving giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So thank you to everyone today today today today today today today today today. We're going you know you know I mean you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean to be talking about last weekend's Premier League action and the repercussions repercussions repercussions repercussions repercussions repercussions repercussions repercussions repercussions of everything that happened So so like like well okay um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay straight off the bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool uh you know um I mean okay like well well losing to Watford 3-nil. It It It It It It It It It was quite a disappointing loss to be honest okay uh so like I mean you you you you you you you you you know well like. The first loss that you go off is 3-nil against walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk further team is well I mean so well well I mean uh um sitting in in in in in in in in in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media um um um um um um um um um um so like uh okay I mean well a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering covering covering covering covering covering covering covering covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings uh you know like okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to episode 186. I'm finding Porter and as um um um I mean you know so so so so so so so so so um uh you might have heard last week, we're working on a brand new 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 times um okay okay well so okay well okay version of the science of social social social social social social social social social media. We can't wait to share it I mean you know you know you you you you you you you you you know so you know I mean you know with you in just a few weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks. In the meantime. We wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted to revisit like okay um uh you you you you you you you you you know like like uh a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of of of of of of of of of the most essential skills so you know um so I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so um for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts posts posts posts posts posts posts posts posts and especially okay okay you know um so you know like uh on social media media media media media media media media media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to write exceptional well okay well well well well well well well well well uh um um like well copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast a like like like you know uh um I mean okay daily devotional where we we we we we we we we we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um so with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is is is is is is is is is talking about here you know well I mean well uh like so uh in 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 you know know know know know know know know know well uh okay you know so you know well through 4 today 2nd Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know well okay okay okay you know know know know know know know know know so well like that if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed. We have um so um like uh so you know so a building from from from from from from from from from God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens so um okay well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean uh for in this tent we groan longing to put put put put put put put put put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed like okay okay I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know I mean so by putting it on we may not be found naked for while while while while while while while while while we are still in uh uh um um you know uh well I mean this this this this this this this this this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want well I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so I mean uh I mean well to talk to you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use okay um um well well well well well well well well well you know like um well to record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's a hundred percent free you know okay so so okay well well well well well well well well well uh I mean and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record and edit um okay uh like you know so I mean well your your your your your your your your your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record you know know know know know know know know know you know like well well like you know I mean with friends as well after after after after after after after after after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will so uh okay well you know um um I I I I I I I I I mean then distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on so so so so so so so so so you know well like you know uh um okay Spotify app a podcast and many many many many many many many many many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh uh I mean like with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place you know I mean like so so so so so so so so so you know so okay uh download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm fm fm fm fm fm fm fm fm to get started. Before I like well you know you know you know like um so start start start start start start start start start this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are well so so so so so so so so so you know um okay um well uh listening to this podcast through headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only well I mean like well you know know know know know know know know know uh like um going through the left here. I want to believe because that's just just just just just just just just just the way my I mean uh uh okay okay well well I mean my whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach uh um I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh um I mean I mean data, we save teachers hours each week by by by by by by by by by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for um um okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um um their classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers for um like uh I mean I mean I mean well okay on here. Thanks so so so so so so so so so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate you know uh like like like like like like like like like uh um okay well I mean and review us any Apple podcast app and and and and and and and and and help us to reach more teachers like well uh well um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like gears. Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like okay okay like well who is has used this source and program program program program program program program program program to engage in Delight how beautiful well um well um um so so I mean students students students students students students students students students she's a huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her so um like like like like like like like like like so um well um I mean students learnings on her Instagram page the young young young young young young young young young educator Ali says this program has so well um uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well been a game-changer for her and her students. My students came to to to to to to to to to school on the uh so um so I mean um um you know second second second second second second second second second day and they were like, when are we doing daily 5 and that for me me me me me me me me me like okay well like you know um uh uh I was just sold so so so so so so so so so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank um you know you you you you you you you you you know like like um um uh you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How well well well well well well well well well um uh well like you know so I mean are you? Not so so so so so so so so so bad value self never better, but you can make me I mean um uh um um um um um um um um um so well I mean like even happier. Well, I told you we can't keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest I mean uh so well um uh well well well well well well well well well um. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do do do do do do do do do that uh so I mean like you know so well um now. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into well okay you you you you you you you you you know so so so um well the foreign exchange program that she is that she she she she she she she she she is but it's gonna take I mean I mean uh okay uh okay you know know know know know know know know know like a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like um like um well uh you're after. You know why they call her chili chili chili chili chili chili chili chili chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate well um well you know well well you you you you you you you you you know uh 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the the the the the the the the the gullet and not so uh I mean well um I mean I mean like 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy just shy just shy shy shy shy shy shy shy shy shy just shy just shy just shy just shy just shy just shy of an an an an an an an an an well like um uh uh uh okay um A+. Look point look point look point point point point point point point point point look point look point look point look point look point look point is the kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give well uh so um well well well well well well well well well okay uh I mean her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Not Be Hasty uh like okay I mean um uh I mean you know. We We We We We We We We We think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls of our school like like like like like like like like like okay like I mean uh I mean I mean like and coming to Barcelona will will will will will will will will will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo clo clo clo clo clo clo clo clo Francisco Lara Cisco well like like like like okay okay okay Kid metal. Whoa. Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um Um we want to share with you guys the Jack Welsh passed away okay you know well well well well well well well well well so I mean I mean okay like. He was the chairman and CEO of General General General General General General General General General Electric an amazing person with a beautiful um like well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay I mean leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team team team team team team team team team. It's all about the um okay I mean well so you know like you know people people people people people people people people people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share with I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh like so okay okay you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's Lucky's Lucky's Lucky's Lucky's Lucky's Lucky's Lucky's Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano uh so so like so so you know so so so so so so so so so say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal so well well well well well well well well well um so so okay uh okay and it's all about what we have built built built built built built built built built and where we were uh uh um I mean okay um like you know going. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh okay uh uh okay well and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming up okay okay okay like well so so um today. And for me, I I I I I I I I I stress it that period in my life. I bucked so so you know well I I I I I I I I I mean so okay um Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not not not not not not not not not stand it. And so if you know well uh like you know know know know know know know know know uh um so any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you you you you you you you you you should be making well uh so like um um um you know more more more more more more more more more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I would I I I I I I I I I would I would I would I would I would I would I would I would would would would would would would would would I mean like you know I mean so um well well just feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug. Thank you like like like like like like like like like I mean um I mean I mean you know like well for downloading this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a um I mean okay um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the the the the the the the the the Armory show okay uh you know okay like okay okay okay in New York York York York York York York York York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days um you you you you you you you you you know okay uh well like so well to check out one of the hottest art fairs fairs fairs fairs fairs fairs fairs fairs fairs in town. And we managed to well well um well well so okay okay NAB NAB NAB NAB NAB NAB NAB NAB NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom you're listening so um like um okay well okay you know to the podcast hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you well okay so uh um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery fuckery. If this if this if this if this if this if this if this if if if if if if if if if this if this I mean so I mean uh um so uh uh is is is is is is is is is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking you you you you you you you you you know okay well well I mean well so um beginning. You'll be lost. What if if if if if if if if if you don't like to listen to rules or obey you know okay like um um um um um um um um um uh you know well like them you can continue to listen to it, but you you you you you you you you you should pour yourself um uh okay I mean like like okay like a a a a a a a a a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to to to to to to to to to record my okay well you know uh okay okay so I mean podcast episodes. I've been been been been been been been been been using it for the last several months and I absolutely so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay like okay so well love it. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make um well uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like well a podcast. Let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me explain it's free their creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to uh you know well okay okay well okay like like like like like like like like like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will will will will will will will will will even okay I mean you know okay uh um so so distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple like uh you know know know know know know know know know like so so um you know podcast and many more you can even make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no I mean I mean I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one one place. All you you know uh you know you know I mean like so um um um um um um um um um have to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay so so like well okay dot f m-- to get started started started started started started started started started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd and and and and and and and and and I'd and I'd and I'd and I'd and I'd and I'd and I'd and I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you if you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you like um you know so I mean I mean uh you know haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your get your get your get get get get get get get get get your get your get your get your get your get your life together, but I I I I I I I I I mean well like I mean okay I mean well so if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a you know well uh like like like like like like like like like uh I mean okay uh podcast and I will elaborate first of all, it's free free free free free free free free free can't beat that too. There's creation tools uh you know um well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your phone or like like you know you know like so so so your computer bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it you know know know know know know know know know like so uh uh okay so like from my phone. In addition to that it it it it it it it it it doesn't end here guys you know well I mean I mean okay like um uh. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple so you you you you you you you you you know you know like so well I mean okay podcasts and many more row many many many many many many many many many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean I mean well I mean you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome I mean you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know um so for me because I probably had your listeners right now and and and and and and and and and it's everything you need like so you know I mean okay um okay well to make make make make make make make make make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready get ready get ready get ready get ready get ready get ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready get ready get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and and and and and and and and and night okay well I mean okay um okay like you know toothbrushing show start start start start start start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little circles uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well I mean well so uh all the way around each tube three, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's heroines week. And today's hero is Emily Warren so I mean so well so so so so so so so so so so so you know Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well uh um like uh a giant bridge in New York City the the the the the the the the the goes over a big river and it's um uh okay well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each each each each each each each each each year and well uh um okay um um um okay take pictures of of of of of of of of of it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge like uh like like like like like like like like like you know um you know um I mean but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the you know well well well well well well well well well well okay okay like well uh John Hopkins database. So right so right so right right right right right right right right right so right so right so right so right so right so right now we have have have have have have have have have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty um like uh I mean um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in in in in in in in in in the you know um uh I mean well you know well like United United United United United United United United United States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not we're not we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not at one one one one one one one one one. 102 cases so like um so well like I mean um confirmed with six six six six six six six six six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had any you know know know know know know know know know you know I mean okay uh uh I mean I mean deaths in California. And so so so so so so so so so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and and and and and and and and and so there might be something specific look going on in well um I mean so well well well well well well well well well so uh uh terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia from our so like you know I mean uh you know okay I mean villains villains villains villains villains villains villains villains villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of the the the the the the the the the um uh so I mean like you know uh so 1920s. He was one one one one one one one one one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the criminal well like so uh well well well well well well well well well so uh okay underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you get um okay I mean so well okay like well your your your your your your your your your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City you know know know know know know know know know I mean uh I mean okay uh um uh sits one of the most notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The criminals I mean like uh well well well well well well well well well um well well so imprisoned there with a worst of the worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst many of them were there for Life uh okay I mean um you know know know know know know know know know I mean you know uh others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right um um um um um um um um um well uh um so um well you know here. Welcome to The Filling Station a a a a a a a a a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would like so you know so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they they they they they they they they they learned from I mean um you know um so so you know uh their experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the um um um um um um um um um um so uh like uh um you know lesson behind everything we're going to talk about about about about about about about about about today. Now in this episode. We are outside like well you know I mean you you you you you you you you you know uh okay um the great city of London. I'm not I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not going to say exactly where but um okay so like like so like well well well well well well well well well it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows I mean um um okay you know like well I mean cheese it is, you you you you you you you you you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and like well okay um okay like like like like like like like like like okay so stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am am am am am am am am am not used I mean you know uh well you know um you know so to to to to to to to to to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get uh like like like like like like like like like uh um I mean you know you know I mean ready. Let's raise yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself. Let's not let's not let's not let's not let's not let's not let's not not not not not not not not not let's not let's not even go there. So this so this so this so this this this this this this this this this so this so this so this so this so this has been a meeting okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so uh um uh well I mean that's been in the making for God God God God God God God God God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering we're offering we're offering we're offering we're offering offering offering offering offering offering offering offering offering we're offering we're offering we're offering we're offering our listeners some additional content content content content content content content content content about you know I mean you know okay okay um um I mean the world of of of of of of of of of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of I mean well so um um um um um um um um um okay I mean like so the most notorious subjects every week in addition to to to to to to to to to your normal hostage episode um so well well well you know uh um. We're exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've collected we've collected I mean like I mean you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know I mean um so okay so explore ideas. Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um I mean well so Crime world really is you can find these these these these these these these these these original episodes for free on Spotify you know like I mean like well well well well well well well well well so um uh or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes that we used will like uh um I mean okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of so you know so so so so so so so so so I mean you know so so I mean Richard and John which is looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs like I mean well uh well um um um um um um um um um um I mean to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously in the medieval period uh you know you know so like I mean so so so so so so so so so you know things were very different in regards to how people lived. So So So So So So So So So most people in okay um um uh you know I mean okay well well well well well well well well well England lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were were were were were were were were were you know okay okay uh I mean um you know well rich life was at at at at at at at at at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant okay okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like you know I mean struggle to survive and live tended to to to to to to to to to be very short for so for those people within okay uh um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh so a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as as as as as as as as as 25 and so you know well like so well well you know if you're lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village was all based I mean you you you you you you you you you know so like well so uh uh around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of of of of of of of of of so okay uh okay so okay okay you know Brawn and brains. So this this this this this this this this this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach uh okay okay like like like like like like like like like like um um I mean so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Nittany Nittany Nittany Nittany Nittany Nittany Nittany Nittany Lion so I I mean okay you know okay so okay uh uh actually knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as you know know know know know know know know know okay I mean um uh you know okay you know the Nittany Lion because rumors rumors rumors rumors rumors rumors rumors rumors rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part you know uh so I mean you you you you you you you you you know so well well of said that the The line was actually in our major. So So So So So So So So So I had a uh you know I mean um uh you know so okay little little little little little little little little little heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well you know I mean you know well have had classes Zach and and and and and and and and and I were new so that was kind uh uh like so uh like um um um um um um um um um well of cool a Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior year year year year year year year year year who our so um okay so like like uh you know mascot is and and and and and and and and and a few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself so you know you you you you you you you you you know uh like okay like okay. So that's so that's so that's so that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's kind of cool. You You You You You You You You You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack you know well I mean you you you you you you you you you know so um okay um. Yeah. So, my name is Zach. So I so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon right afternoon right afternoon right afternoon right afternoon right afternoon right afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon right afternoon right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit delayed in having you know like um you know you know you know know know know know know know know know um like the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will will will will will will will will will intro there okay so so you know you know uh you know I mean but of of of of of of of of of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's um it's um it's um it's um it's um it's um it's um it's um it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's um well you know okay so I mean well okay all be in America about about about about about about about about about a cat America and this week. I'm you know, if you've so so so okay um um um um um um um um um um so uh got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on to to to to to to to to to talk about that shortly. It's okay uh you know okay uh like I mean okay light its its its its its its its its its which and big old Mitch and we've got quite a lot of I mean uh well well um um um um um um um um um well um so topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always do do do do do do do do do talking about um you know uh so um I mean okay like the game that happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened yesterday. You may you may you may you may you may you may may may may may may may may may you may you may you may see that I've barely got a voice and and and and and and and and and okay so I mean uh uh okay so I mean that's really all the the the the the the the the the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up, what's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll well well well well well well well well well so I mean you know you know um I mean okay be your host and and and and and and and and and each week. I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be I'll be I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you you you you you you you you you okay so like uh um well so like need to raise that Vibe become magnetic magnetic magnetic magnetic magnetic magnetic magnetic magnetic magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream well um you know like you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean life. So you're ready. Let's turn let's turn let's turn let's turn let's turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn let's turn let's turn let's turn let's turn this baby up. So I so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I want to fill like so I mean you know okay uh like I mean you you you you you you you you you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so I mean well uh um over the past year. And that is using this this this this this this this this this podcast as a platform to share my like well um uh so so so so so so so so so you know okay I mean message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring new clients into so well well okay uh um um so my my my my my my my my my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your heart so well well well well well well well well well okay you know like so uh like Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, goodies, goodies, goodies, goodies, goodies, goodies, goodies, goodies, welcome goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is he talking chilling so um okay um you know you know okay like Wellness acrobat acrobat acrobat acrobat acrobat acrobat acrobat acrobat acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood about um so so so so so so so so so like so okay like so okay to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah mishnah mishnah mishnah mishnah mishnah mishnah mishnah mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And so uh well okay um so so so so so so so so so uh you know in that case the on these sticks his hand into into into into into into into into into the house and either I mean so like uh okay um well you know places places places places places places places places places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something out uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like like so I mean so you know of his open hand and and and and and and and and and brings it out and then D is high up. Now I now I now now now now now now now now now I now I now I now I now I now I now I might um I I I I I I I I I mean so okay well like well um have why is it clay of I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be they're not Kira want to come here. I'll um okay um I mean so so so so so so so so so so like so give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction the the the the the the the the the notion of carrying something well um I mean you know uh well um so involves involves involves involves involves involves involves involves involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting which means to okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um I mean I mean well okay pick something up from a a a a a a a a a place of rest then to is traversing which is to uh um like like like like like like like like like like like uh well like either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or in in in in in in in in in Russia well um I mean I mean I mean I mean like so. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and and and and and and and and and I'm Joe like well like uh well uh well okay and Welcome to our first first first first first first first first first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so so, um, uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know uh so like so so I just talked a little bit about myself. I am am am am am am am am am a massage therapist. And uh okay um okay okay so so you know know know know know know know know know I work on different type of client So based off of a studio uh like like like like like like like like like okay I mean uh like well well in Westford, and I just hope people people people people people people people people people feel better and just be able to okay well well you know uh well well well well well well well well well um um move and have more energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how it's how it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's how it's how it's how it's how it's how it's how it's how how how how how how how how how this I mean I mean so you know I mean you know okay um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast comes to be. Remember. I started I started I started I started I started I I I I I I I I I started I started I started I started just on YouTube, but I knew that well well well well well well well well well you know I mean uh uh like well um I needed to get on audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio. So I asked a buddy I mean so um so um um uh so of of of of of of of of of mine who's a podcast producer. How do how do how do how do how how how how how how how how how do how do how do how do how do I do this? And he just just just just just just just just just uh okay okay okay I mean so um um told me anchor use anchor because it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way you can get a podcast well uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like well on the Internet. It's also free. You can edit record record record record record record record record record your podcast right from your phone um like like okay um uh okay well or or or or or or or or or your computer and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute Distribute Distribute Distribute Distribute Distribute Distribute Distribute Distribute that podcast for you, okay you know well okay uh uh well okay so so so so so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you you you you you you you you you can make I mean okay okay uh okay uh like like money with no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are so like you know you know like like like like like like like like like like I mean like. You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need need need need need need need need need to make a uh well well well so okay like um podcast all in in in in in in in in in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are well well well well well well well well well like well I mean like you know okay uh joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I so okay um okay uh okay you know um um um um um um um um um like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of well like like like like like like like like like so um okay well I mean okay the competitor or the coach that we interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview in this case. We interviewed. And well you know okay I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like um okay since it was the second time we had him on we'd already covered his his his his his his his his his so um so well okay uh so um career. And so I got to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about a lot of things on this show so okay okay okay I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay I mean and I had I'd get to hear a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot um so well um uh I mean well I I I I I I I I I mean of different things and we kind of went through a couple topics one was was was was was was was was was his okay okay like um well so I mean I mean little brother Greg just just just just just just just just just want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know you know so like so we talked a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm At all at all at all at all at all at all at all all all all all all all all all at all at all my well well I mean so so so you know well mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into okay um I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean okay okay um my bathroom while I was showering and and and and and and and and and sit on my toilet and try to uh you know like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of of of of of of of of of paints a picture of so uh like so okay you know like um like boundaries boundaries boundaries boundaries boundaries boundaries boundaries boundaries boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at um um um um um um um um um like you know okay I mean so well um all costs, right and instead I I I I I I I I I would be like, maybe pick a setting where like, I'm so well uh um so so so so so so so so so so uh uh not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and oh and and and and and and and and and oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's like a mirror like um well okay uh uh uh so right across from from from from from from from from from my back to our it was like a glass shower. So it's so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so it's uh uh uh well so well so like like how can vulnerability be be be be be be be be be brought into this room more right? No. Yeah. She okay she okay she okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay she okay she okay she okay she okay she okay she okay well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know uh uh got like what a good time. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, look. I've caught I've caught I've caught I've caught I've caught I've caught I've caught caught caught caught caught caught caught caught caught I've caught I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you well like you know okay um uh well okay for joining me again, and you you you you you you you you you will not believe it guys. I promise I promise I promise I promise I I I I I I I I I promise I promise I promise I promise I promise you okay like uh like you you you you you you you you you know um uh uh it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She She She She She She She She She came visiting for uh okay well uh uh uh I mean uh my health and and and and and and and and and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things like so you know you know you you you you you you you you you know so so okay in order for the journey ahead and we were just having having having having having having having having having conversations about, you um so uh I mean you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know know, doing things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole part of it okay well you know uh um uh okay um that that that that that that that that that says, you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things things things things things things things things things. But I mean you know I mean well you know okay well well there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, well um um um um um um um um um uh well uh um you know uh but me how far now you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, so I mean, we're just we're just okay so uh so um you know know know know know know know know know okay you know going to flow today and we just hope that you guys get get get get get get get get get what you uh um so you know so I mean okay you know need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter like you know well I mean like like like uh found brutally murdered in in in in in in in in in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, so well like like like like like like like like like like okay like so so no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this this this this this this this this this episode on the mysterious brick of I mean like so you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well murders and want to hear more like it check out our series series series series series series series series series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow uh you know okay so okay okay like so so so so so so so so so the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's most bewildering murders murders murders murders murders murders murders murders murders like um like uh you know um like I mean follow unsolved. Is free free free free free free free free free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the you know like like like like like like like like like like you know you know well you know like graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised this episode includes like you know I mean um you know I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the the the the the the the the the violent homicide of a young um well okay so uh like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas new ideas new ideas new ideas new ideas new ideas new new new new new new new new new ideas new ideas new ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of of of of of of of of of working. This is the podcast okay I mean so like uh well you know know know know know know know know know like. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and and and and and and and and and well um so you know I mean I mean okay so naht Edge. This month's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology so okay you know um um um um um um um um um um so you know well can support learning or if it's simply an enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous distraction. We consider what the uh you know okay you know like well uh um um um um um um um um um next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus whether or um like I mean um so so okay you know not mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so um so like um uh in conversation with James Bowen Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will uh I mean uh so like you you you you you you you you you know so well be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a a a a a a a a a former teacher and the author of like um uh uh well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean a number of education-based books days. He's also he's also he's also he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's also he's also he's also he's also he's also he's also currently the director of education education education education education education education education education at so you know so so um like you know you know no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the perhaps the perhaps the perhaps the perhaps the perhaps the perhaps the perhaps the the the the the the the the the perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the the the the the the the the the I mean so so uh like you know uh I mean fucking word genus species species species species species species species species species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean okay I mean so about today. So I hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology uh so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh you know and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard. I'm your host you know you know um okay um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean John Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP AP AP AP AP AP AP AP AP Biology one you know you know well uh well um um okay chapter at at at at at at at at at a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance fiance News Daily well um okay you know I mean um uh um um um um um um um um um. We haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't we haven't we haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new new new new new new new new new season of a like like okay I mean um so so you you you you you you you you you know for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia like well well uh uh uh okay so that her girlfriend from the show show show show show show show show show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that um so well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know uh she's dating a woman what you might not know about about about about about about about about about Stephanie though is that uh um uh I mean well uh so like she she she she she she she she she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where okay like like like like like like like like like um okay so like so um she has content. That's a that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a that's a a a a a a a a a that's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know like uh like I mean out though as Stephanie took her her her her her her her her her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states that so uh so so so so so so so so so okay like well uh okay she is not ashamed of this content and that having having having having having having having having having the patron has like okay you know okay um um well um financed her her her her her her her her her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income you know well well well well well well well well well you know uh I mean uh well so in general. She ends she ends ends ends ends ends ends ends ends ends she ends she ends she ends she ends she ends she ends she ends it saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content okay okay I mean well so so so so so so so so so I mean well I mean creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm allowed to love whoever I want um uh I mean I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman awoman should be allowed to do whatever like like like like like like like like like um uh okay you know um you know okay she wants with her body body body body body body body body body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just uh so well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like um anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh uh well I mean you know um that guy next to to to to to to to to to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and like well um um so so so so so so so so so uh like so Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other other other other other other other other other host Marc Murphy. And so like uh so so uh well uh today today today today today today today today today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time um so I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well so well so host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd um you know well I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know you guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So So So So So So So So So we I like well well I mean so you know well like barely showed the chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but um I mean well well well well well well well well well so you know I mean like like it was there be but it was was was was was was was was was there. We took the we just say major so so I mean well I mean um um um um um um um um um like um uh we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by by by by by by by by by each other and like well well okay okay okay okay so this is is is is is is is is is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree planter planter planter planter planter planter planter planter planter well I mean so like so well I mean uh art for this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of her illustration I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh so uh you know uh series follow the trees. This This This This This This This This This is a podcast about tree planting as a reforestation practice in like you know I I I I I I I I I mean okay like so I mean like the Civic culture industry tree plungers are are are are are are are are are a collective of people who spend you know you know I mean well uh okay like like like like like like like like like like much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree planting I mean like well okay you know you know so so so so so so so so so like is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings seedlings seedlings seedlings seedlings seedlings seedlings seedlings seedlings in the well uh um so you know um um well ground day day day day day day day day day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences bonds and um you know know know know know know know know know uh like so you know well um memories that last a lifetime. The The The The The The The The The dirt is a place to shed light on the culture uh like uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh you know that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel shovel shovel shovel shovel shovel shovel shovel shovel in the ground I mean um well uh so okay you know you know know know know know know know know know. It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is it is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as a like so so so so so so so so so you know like like uh so uh place for those to reminisce relate relate relate relate relate relate relate relate relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming from as well um like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well I mean any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the the the the the the the the the podcast um um well like so okay you know um in today's episode. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to talk about what products you should not drop ship now I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so so you know like you know when you're doing research and you're looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking to get into e-commerce or build a new well like uh you know know know know know know know know know so you know like I mean store or launch a new product line. There are are are are are are are are are three different levels of where you want you know well well like so so so so so so so so so okay like so to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, the now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, the now, the now, the now, the now, the now, the now, the the the the the the the the the now, the first level is like okay um um uh like well like the the the the the the the the the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of products do you I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh um okay I mean you know you know want to to to to to to to to to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move to the supplier um I I I I I I I I I mean so okay like um well I mean level and make sure that the suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually you actually you actually you actually you actually you you you you you you you you you actually you actually you actually you actually want to okay so you know you know know know know know know know know know like so you know you know work with if you want to make money doing this this this this this this this this this and then finally the deepest well um like so you know you know uh I I I I I I I I I mean level is the product level. So what I'm going to share with you you you you you you you you you in so I mean like um uh so um well this podcast is what to to to to to to to to to look for at all three levels to make sure you're um uh um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay well not wasting your time. If you decide to build one of of of of of of of of of these stores and actually build I mean like um uh okay you know I I I I I I I I I mean I mean a real business now before we get into it, I should should should should should should should should should let you like so well you know so um I mean okay know that if if if if if if if if if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory orange Theory orange Theory orange Theory orange Theory orange Theory orange Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory orange Theory orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it it it it it it it it it simple for I mean uh uh so I mean like well you know you to to to to to to to to to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay you know okay uh okay so results from the inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn more uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well um I mean um like like calories post-workout Track by technology. So you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so you can monitor your results in real time you know well like okay like like like like like like like like like um like okay. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you don't overtrain or under um well uh uh like like okay um train. So what are are are are are are are are are you currently doing to get more life out of so uh okay okay I I I I I I I I I mean um um well your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help help help help help help help help help you with. All you know I mean um um like so um I mean right right right right right right right right right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach you know well well well well well well well well well well so okay so um like Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages passages passages passages passages passages passages passages passages you know um well you know so well so uh to help you fall asleep asleep asleep asleep asleep asleep asleep asleep asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've okay well okay well okay so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay had trouble falling asleep and I found that over the years when I you you you you you you you you you know so so okay well uh uh you know listen to the word of God God God God God God God God God. I'm able to settle down. And find and find and find and find and and and and and and and and and find and find and find and find and find peace and fully um well you you you you you you you you you know you know um okay okay you know rest And so as you listen to to to to to to to to to night focusing on the word of God um so well you know you know like like like like like like like like like so okay. Let It Be an inspiration to you To bring you peace and and and and and and and and and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get and get and and and and and and and and and get and get and get and get and get and get and get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this this this this this this this this this uh okay I mean like uh uh so I mean. Hey, you hey, you you you you you you you you you hey, you hey, you hey, you hey, you hey, you hey, you hey, you want to to to to to to to to to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K out I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know I mean okay I mean well so there, how dare you you you you you you you you you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it like like I mean well well well well well well well well well so uh you know um on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during during during during during during during during during a manic. I was um well uh well um well so uh like braised. I I I I I I I I I hate you. Don't leave don't leave don't leave don't leave don't leave don't leave don't leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave don't leave don't leave me who came up with this um well I mean so so so so so so so so so um well uh well list given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I I I I I I I I I sit on you know you know so okay um you know okay so this this this this this this this this this couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I but I but but but but but but but but but I but I but I but I but I but I but I I I I I I I I I uh so well I mean so like um um love friends. I'm Monica Geller and and and and and and and and and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming um well um um um um um um um um um well um um you know okay soon everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of of of of of of of of of crazy. My name is Shelby like like so I mean I mean uh so so so so so so so so so um tweetin and I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any Any Any Any Any Any Any Any Any you're well I mean like I mean okay like so well supposed to introduce yourself know know know know know know know know know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a you you you you you you you you you know um um so well I mean well well spicy hot take. Oh my golly golly golly golly golly golly golly golly golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start um uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well uh uh with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back. Everyone to well I mean like um I mean like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw raw raw raw raw raw raw raw raw like you know like okay okay uh um you know circuit. My name is is is is is is is is is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of well you know okay uh so so so so so so so so so okay so so our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so so so so so so so so so hot somatic. Yo, it's like you know okay you know uh you know like okay your your your your your your your your your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All um um um um um um um um um you know okay uh like um okay so right. Yes, so we have strong strong strong strong strong strong strong strong strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on uh uh like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um um Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did Did you did you did you did you did you did you did you did you did did did did did did did did did you ever I mean well you know like uh uh so uh take banned substances substances substances substances substances substances substances substances substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior knowledge I mean okay um um um um um um um um um so I mean uh so so of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for for for for for for for for for my irresponsible and selfish I mean I mean um well so you know know know know know know know know know uh okay behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and and and and and and and and and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the the the the the the the the the podcast we are joined as um you know so I mean well I mean so so so so so so so so so uh always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest today today today today today today today today today Mateo like so well um um like well so Lane High buongiorno. I done done done done done done done done done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I um uh well well so okay like like like like like like like like like I mean came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I I I I I I I I I mean, I like um so I mean okay um like I mean really divided divided divided divided divided divided divided divided divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be okay you know know know know know know know know know well okay um okay you know okay fair when I was at his his his his his his his his his podcast like three years ago. I walked in you know um well I I I I I I I I I mean so um so you know and he told me on the spot that it it it it it it it it it was going to be on um uh uh uh um um okay um camera and and and and and and and and and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have I mean so so so so so so so so so um well okay I mean you know I mean to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day. My My My My My My My My My husband my I mean you know well I mean like well you know well well well well well well well well well friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60 um um um um um um um um um um well uh well okay um I mean. We are in the really in the final final final final final final final final final stretch. It's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard it's hard it's hard to believe uh like I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean so and it's very exciting. I want I want I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want I want to notify notify notify notify notify notify notify notify notify you all again about our CM I mean uh I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay so our virtual CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March March March March March March March March March 8 10 like okay um you know so I mean I mean okay a.m. Eastern standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in uh uh you know know know know know know know know know you know okay I mean okay you know the world, you can associate you know know know know know know know know know the time that your clock with I mean you know um I mean like so like like like like like like like like like um that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you do you do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? one one one one one one one one If so, uh like you know I mean I mean like I mean like we're excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful entrepreneurs uh um uh so okay okay well well are using to run their businesses businesses businesses businesses businesses businesses businesses businesses businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create uh like okay I mean I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean so to access your free guide and turn your your your your your your your your your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward so okay uh well I mean like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and I I I I I I I I I think you know I mean um okay I mean you know uh you know know know know know know know know know I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as um um um um um um um um um um well um like so you know well unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by like uh I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay okay other people if there's some negativity and affects me me me me me me me me me and I dip and so okay um well well okay I mean like like like like like like like like like so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay we're okay we're okay we're okay we're okay we're okay we're okay we're okay we're okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay okay okay uh you know so here with Usual Suspects. We We We We We We We We We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from I mean like um um um um um um um um um well so you know okay okay Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That That That That That That That That That is how you doing today man. Doing like doing like doing like doing like like like like like like like like like doing like doing like doing like doing like doing like um you know like so um um um um um um um um um so well great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first first first first first first first first first thing right for um uh I mean well so um I mean okay yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh well well um okay like like you guys so fuck it it it it it it it it it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah so so uh um like like like like like like like like like okay so you know. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us us us us us us us us us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got like I mean so well um so okay you know know know know know know know know know um real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out out out out out out out out out because so I mean I mean I mean I mean um okay uh I know we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is dennis dennis dennis dennis dennis dennis dennis dennis dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space I I I I I I I I I mean you know well uh um well I mean okay docks podcast where we we we we we we we we we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be so well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean so like covering all the latest space related news. As As As As As As As As As well as talking about interesting Technologies or discoveries okay uh okay uh I mean well well well well well well well well well uh I mean that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right right right right right right right right right from the Apollo uh you know I mean so uh okay okay okay mission to the the the the the the the the the first image of the black hole to the latest news on Starship um um um um um um um um um um like I mean okay so okay well to the Artemis program to take us us us us us us us us us back to the moon. So if you know uh I mean okay like well so so so so so so so so so okay like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with so so so so so so so so so so like like well okay you know you know all that is happening in in in in in in in in in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult so uh like uh uh well uh um consumption only it may not be be be be be be be be be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised Takashi well um so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh okay. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According According According According According According According According According to TMZ. All you know you know you know well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I I I I I I I I I was in the back uh I mean uh I mean so uh um um um um um um um um um I mean seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit to to to to to to to to to you know, I well okay okay I mean you know so um okay definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely brought it back down a human level. And I and I and I and and and and and and and and and I and I and I and I and I and I started talking to God God God God God God God God God. I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I I I I I I I I I'm I I'm I mean okay so well okay I mean you know so so so so so so so so so like you don't only when I could get me out of this. Welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to uh like like like like like like like like like I mean well so well uh I mean Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a a a a a a a a a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um um I mean you know um like lead a hero to fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure okay well like like you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay um party the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes universes universes universes universes universes universes universes universes behind some of our favorite like so I mean um um okay so uh video games games games games games games games games games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin I'm Kevin I'm Kevin I'm Kevin I'm Kevin I'm Kevin I'm Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin I'm Kevin I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean um um we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode is going going going going going going going going going to have Major Spoilers for you know so well um uh well you you you you you you you you you know okay BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, Infinite, how did you like okay um I mean okay so you know like make make make make make make make make make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're here. I um um I mean well uh um like so hope you guys are are are are are are are are are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like uh like you know 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we we we we we we we we we have been absolutely dying to release this uh so um I mean okay so you know so so so so so so so so so one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are there there there there there there there there there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are are are some so you know I mean uh well okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know nuggets up in here. I can't I can't I can't I can't I I I I I I I I I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't wait for you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys to hear it. If this you know uh um like um okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back going back back back back back back back back back going back going back going back going back going back going back going back and listening um um um um um um um um um um like um um well so okay to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative imperative imperative imperative imperative imperative imperative imperative imperative. But I do think that all of the you know well you know uh okay like like like like like like like like like like uh information in part to her story all her tips the way that she she she she she she she she she um I mean well well you know well so you know parents it's all all all all all all all all all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when you you you you you you you you you know uh uh like you know okay I mean okay um where she came from part 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 is all about her life as a young girl so I mean you know know know know know know know know know so you know you know you know okay how she was parented her her her her her her her her her family story Dynamic her as a young woman and I mean you know well well well well well well well well well um well so like okay it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing show start okay uh like well like I mean I mean okay brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside outside you know uh you know um I mean you know so like and chewing side side side side side side side side side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're talking um you know well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean like uh about real life heroic women from history. Today is is is is is is is is is heroines are a pair of you know okay you know okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were were were were were were were were were Trung like um you know uh like so uh so truck and Trung knee. A A A A A A A A A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born in I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um uh so um um a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a a a a a a a a a powerful man and have them like like so I mean you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like um you know you know well I mean be a long thing, you you you you you you you you you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey I mean like like you know know know know know know know know know I mean like you know you know guys, it's your girl JT and your girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and okay um I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh hello. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re re re re re re re re re you know uh okay I mean I mean um I mean okay free free free free free free free free free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was how was how how how how how how how how how was how was how was how was how was how was how was was was was was was was was was your day tiring okay like um so you know you know uh um long long long long long long long long long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um um like uh well that now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun. So guys as you know, uh you know well like like okay okay so so so so so so so so so our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires fires fires fires fires fires fires fires fires I mean well you know well I mean I mean uh like are so nasty nasty nasty nasty nasty nasty nasty nasty nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first um so so so so so so so so so um you know well so um okay place of the Metropolitan. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place well like okay you you you you you you you you you know okay like you know okay due to the tiebreak, which is crazy to to to to to to to to to me that head-to-head. Is it the uh uh well so um so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay tiebreaker because that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean uh I mean uh so you know don't care if technically they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're not in first. All I care about is when you you know um um um um um um um um um like I mean well I mean so so look at the points it it it it it it it it it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like like like okay that is the situation we are discussing right now is is is is is is is is is what makes me okay um uh I mean like okay you know so so so so so so so so so so happy. So the Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a well well well well well well well well well um uh uh I mean okay I mean like second half of a back-to-back back-to-back back-to-back back-to-back back-to-back back-to-back back-to-back back-to-back back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the well well well well well well well well well well so I mean like I mean you know so topic of today's video video video video video video video video video is going to be going with the flow and I got I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know uh um uh I mean an email here from a client of of of of of of of of of mine that I've been coaching for is um okay so okay you know okay I I I I I I I I I mean okay probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess. I've been well like okay okay uh uh um okay coaching him now. Well maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got a uh I I I I I I I I I mean um okay okay um uh um couple of situations that he's asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking me about so he basically he meets his All so you know like so so so so so so so so so well uh you know well at a concert and I guess his group and and and and and and and and and her group of friends kind uh so uh uh so I mean well um um um um um um um um um of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told told told told told told told told told him like well uh um well um okay you know to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a a a a a a a a a podcast well um you know so so okay um I mean for and and and and and and and and and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is so okay you know know know know know know know know know okay okay uh you know okay not Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel in here and Martin. Hey, you hey, you hey, you hey, you hey, you hey, you you you you you you you you you hey, you hey, you hey, you know like uh I mean like like so like like like like like like like like like what's up, and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I I I I I I I I I well okay well well like I mean like um everything about what I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's okay so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know okay um that Drogo? What's a draugr my I love saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying among. I know monkey. I don't I mean um um you know like like like like like like like like like like you know well believe nothing going in secret. We can we can we can we we we we we we we we we can we can we can we can we can we can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of of of of of of of of of stuff I mean like um okay so okay so well to talk about a lot of of of of of of of of of stuff off the ice, which I want to get to First okay well okay um um um um um um um um um you know you know well I mean. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new new new new new new new new new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics and they're going to so um so uh I mean um um um um um um um um um you know like be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first time they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're going to throw well um like I mean uh I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I mean it in used at least that we know of so read a little little little little little little little little little uh um well uh you know you know so okay article about this AQ AQ AQ AQ AQ AQ AQ AQ AQ and we were just talking about this before we went you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh okay so uh I mean live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple games during the I mean um I mean like like so like well regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it. They've given given given given given given given given given so well uh um you know so I mean so it to a few of of of of of of of of of the Superstar players throughout the league the practice with the see if you know know know know know know know know know um so I mean you know you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course of course of course course course course course course course course course of course of course of course of course of course of course only one one one one one one one one one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he said he he he he he he he he he said he said he said he said he said he said he said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about like so so so so so so so so so um um you know okay I mean you know anchor which is the platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't uh you know well well well well well well well well well you know you know you know um well heard about anchor its easiest way to to to to to to to to to make a podcast and let you know like uh you know so so well well well well well well well well well um me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit so well like I mean so uh um you know your podcast right from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like I mean I mean so okay you. So you you you you you you you you you can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more uh you know like like like like like like like like like I mean you know um I mean you know you can make money from from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything so you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know uh like you need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one one place. So download the free anchor so uh I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started started started started started started started started started today. Hey guys, welcome to another well I mean like well um okay like like like like like like like like like like episode of Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as you you you you you you you you you know you know you know um so I mean so um always. It's your host Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just so so well like um you you you you you you you you you know uh okay sounded like Heidi like so excited but we got our finale finale finale finale finale finale finale finale finale of Love is Blind I mean I mean uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well so well this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form form form form form form form form form of a podcast, you know well you know like like well um well I I I I I I I I I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using anchor you you you you you you you you you know I mean um okay uh so I mean well I'm able to share this this this this this this this this this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything so um uh okay you know so so so so so so so so so I mean well you need in one place and you can produce the show show show show show show show show show right from your phone tablet okay I mean like okay like okay you know like or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh so well you know like um record and edit a a a a a a a a a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute your podcast okay so um um um um um um um um um I mean so okay so uh for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can can can can can can can can can be found that includes Spotify Apple okay I mean um like so um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from your podcast okay like like like like like like like like like I mean uh okay well okay well with no minimum listenership. So download the the the the the the the the the anchor app or go to Anchor dot I mean so okay uh well well well well well well well well well you know okay uh f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let you let you let you let you let you let you let you let let let let let let let let let you let you know you know I mean um uh you know um like me me me me me me me me me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money up up up up up up up up up front for I mean so you know I mean well uh you know well someone who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There are creation tools like okay you you you you you you you you you know so I mean I mean I mean you know that allow you to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or you know so like so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money money money money money money money money money buying software you know I mean I mean um okay you know you know like like like like like like like like like paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it can can can can can can can can can okay I mean so I mean um uh well I mean be heard on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part you can I I I I I I I I I mean um okay well I mean like like well make money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to um I mean um you know know know know know know know know know you know like um I mean make a podcast in one place doubled the free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you know okay okay I mean uh m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with with with with with with with with with Marcos Garza and the Garza like uh um um um um um uh Law Firm Firm Firm Firm Firm Firm Firm Firm Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If you need a criminal okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um uh um well like you know defense lawyer, if you need need need need need need need need need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team so so so you know know know know know know know know know you know okay uh I mean can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to to to to to to to to to the uh you know well like uh um you know um Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the March 1st episode of dishes and dimes were you you you you you you you you you know so so okay I mean okay you know like a raptor podcast featuring a a a a a a a a a rotating cast of eight women hosts today. You have got I mean well you know um um um um um um um um um so um you know uh Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month month month month month month month month month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring okay like so well um I mean well okay a a a a a a a a a head waiting for some sunlight. And just and just and just and just and just just just just just just just just just and just and just and just and just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote wrote about all you know like well so uh uh I mean okay that Jesus began to to to to to to to to to do and to teach until the day he was taken uh um uh um you you you you you you you you you know you know um uh up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit to the apostles. He had you know uh you know okay I mean okay like like like like like like like like like I mean chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing convincing convincing convincing convincing convincing convincing convincing convincing proofs that he um like I mean uh okay so okay uh was alive. He appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared he appeared he appeared he appeared he appeared he appeared he appeared he appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared appeared he appeared to them over a period of 40 days and spoke like well um um um um um um um um um okay so uh I mean um about the kingdom of God on one occasion occasion occasion occasion occasion occasion occasion occasion occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I like you you you you you you you you you know uh okay like so I mean um wanted to take a brief moment today to to to to to to to to to let you know about the easiest okay well so you know you know know know know know know know know know uh you know um way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the the the the the the the the the more important aspects are so uh I mean you know okay well so you know know know know know know know know know actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean I mean like well you know to record each episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host like so like I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean um okay the packet a podcast and have a distributed to to to to to to to to to different podcasting platforms while also using so you know okay um uh okay like I I I I I I I I I mean different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything I mean okay so like um I mean well well we need to record host host host host host host host host host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well like okay like computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make uh you know I mean I I I I I I I I I mean uh like so okay money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about about about about about about about about about starting your own podcast, you better be okay I mean so um so like well you you you you you you you you you know serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you and you and you you you you you you you you you and you and you and you and you and you and you ready to so so so so so so so so so well you know I mean like well so I mean hear from another another another another another another another another another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called before before before before before before before before before uh um you know so you know well I mean well now as he's one one one one one one one one one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up okay okay um um um um um um um um um so I mean okay well like to for a very very long time firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly for the way conduct himself on I mean I mean you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so you know the field but also off the field as well well well well well well well well well. So without so without so without so without so without so without so without so so so so so so so so so without so without further Ado, here's my well so so I mean so you you you you you you you you you know so well conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go go go go go go go go go. Please enjoy. Just well okay okay so uh I mean you know well what I I I I I I I I I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um so um like um so are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you know, I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean you know uh so same old same old. I I I I I I I I I need to start this though with a bit of so like so like you know know know know know know know know know okay I mean so respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah Micah Micah Micah Micah Micah Micah Micah Micah same thing. I did I did I did I did I did I did I I I I I I I I I did I did I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke I I I I I I I I I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and peace peace peace peace peace peace peace peace peace and peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make like okay uh uh you know um okay you know a a a a a a a a a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record and so so so so so so so so so well okay like so well well like edit your podcast from your phone and your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer an anchor will distribute the okay okay okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh um podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such such such such such such such such such as Spotify and apple I mean um you know so like like I I I I I I I I I mean like you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need in in in in in in in in in one place okay well like well uh I mean well so download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Can't wait can't wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait can't wait can't wait can't wait can't wait can't wait can't wait can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very stoked to see you doing this my my my my my my my my my friend okay I mean uh so you know um okay okay. Hello and welcome to the real real real real real real real real real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks I mean um well so so so so so so so so so so you know okay you know. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy Avi of Iron you know uh uh so um you know well well well well well well well well well like Lion soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The The The The The The The The The company is you know um well okay okay well I mean well Iron Iron Iron Iron Iron Iron Iron Iron Iron Lion soap. You can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion soap and iron uh you know like you know so so so um line line line line line line line line line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am am am am am am am am am you know uh I mean like I mean okay you know um so in in in in in in in in in love with and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, like uh you you you you you you you you you know like I mean I mean um well and we had a a a a a a a a a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um like I mean I mean okay grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is actually the the the the the the the the the first time we're so you know okay well you know um I mean you know going going going going going going going going going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know well I mean uh you know uh to talk to a real real real real real real real real real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any Coughlin I mean like so like like like like like like like like like uh like you know um. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, I think you have it wrong okay so okay I mean like you know know know know know know know know know okay uh. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to them like I mean uh I mean you know I mean well I mean. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's probably I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay I mean um I mean you know so could I you didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean well you know uh think we can talk to your dad somehow somehow somehow somehow somehow somehow somehow somehow somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, so okay uh well you know okay so you know know know know know know know know know trust me trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk okay um like you know like well you know like to your dad dad dad dad dad dad dad dad dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, uh okay uh um well well well well well well well well well like uh um right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in in in in in in in in in I mean like so um you know well so so this podcast. What we we we we we we we we we do is we have top ten lists. These are the I mean you know um so so so so so so so so so so so you know like audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube. If you enjoy um well well well uh okay you know like this this this this this this this this this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye like like so so so so so so so so so so so you know so well podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on on on on on on on on on social media on Instagram Twitter all um well well well like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say say say say say say say say say hi to well I mean you know I mean so like uh so me. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into um well well well well well well well well well uh okay like so I mean okay it. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video you know uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so um like today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate manipulate manipulate manipulate manipulate manipulate manipulate manipulate manipulate your brain without uh well so you know okay you know so uh using drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many you know you you you you you you you you you know like uh so um so okay people will tell you that at one point point point point point point point point point or another they have had some uh you know so um well uh you you you you you you you you you know uh experience where they thought they heard a sound when nothing should be be be be be be be be be there or they saw well uh I mean I mean you know um um um um um um um um um uh well an apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal of Lincoln high well you know okay um so like well well well well well well well well well well Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode will be seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors so you know you know you know um okay um like who were recently honored for for for for for for for for for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum okay so you know well like like like like like like like like like so uh you know laude at the end of seven semesters. We had we we we we we we we we we had we had we had we had we had we had we had we we we we we we we we we had 29 seniors out of approximately four okay so you know okay okay well well so so so so so so so so so hundred and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well like you know so. We have we have we have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean like uh um George Burchfield. Thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for being with us today today today today today today today today today guys. What I'd like you to like you know uh you know um I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like do is state your name and the activities you've been been been been been been been been been involved with at Central like so so so I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know like I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth I'm Beth I'm Beth I'm Beth I'm Beth I'm Beth I'm Beth I'm Beth I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Beth well like so well so okay like so Wilson and I'm involved with with with with with with with with with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of lots of lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff great. So both so both so both so both so both so both so both so both so both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're back we're back we're back we're back we're back we're back we're back we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're back we're back okay uh you know I mean well I mean well I I I I I I I I I mean with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In In In In In In In In In the you know so like so okay I mean okay well last few weeks new cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases of this virus have been going up and I mean okay okay like like like like like like like like like you know uh um well up as of right now. There are about about about about about about about about about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And so you know um um um um um um um um um um I mean like uh you know this virus has spread fast outside of China China China China China China China China China with more than 70 countries now well um um like like well well well well well well well well well you know I mean affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US US US US US US US US US. Tonight the governor of so well okay um um so um okay Washington declaring declaring declaring declaring declaring declaring declaring declaring declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the um I mean so so so so so so so so so like okay uh um so US. The virus has killed at least nine people in in in in in in in in in this country. We just keep hearing you know so you know so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um um um um um um um um um let um let um let um let um let um let um let um let let let let let let let let let um I mean like you know uh uh um you know me explain it's free. Its creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit okay you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like you know um your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute pop your podcast so you know I mean um uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know uh for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you you you you you so I mean well like so like I mean uh can make money from from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to so um okay well I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean I mean make a podcast in one place. Because Because Because Because Because Because Because Because Because obviously we wouldn't be able to uh well um uh so okay you know know know know know know know know know um do this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download download download download download download download download download the free anchor okay I mean I mean okay so like I mean well well well well well well well well well app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. We just wanted I mean like well you know so like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to let you know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast night. We We We We We We We We We um um you know you know uh you know uh um just have an interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all do a like I mean um um um um um um um um um you know like you know like um special special edition this week. We're still still still still still still still still still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's probably Britain's probably Britain's probably Britain's probably Britain's Britain's Britain's Britain's Britain's Britain's Britain's Britain's Britain's probably Britain's probably Britain's probably Britain's probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to to to to to to to to to the Star Wars session uh I mean uh so uh um you know well with Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or evening uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um so like wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Wars sessions come for okay okay uh you know I mean uh um well well well well well well well well well the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I I I I I I I I I Ka um you know like so like I mean uh well achar Jabba the the the the the the the the the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of okay okay so like so so so so so so so so so like um I mean the Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one I'm one I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one of of of of of of of of of the co-hosts cam and so uh you know you know uh so you know know know know know know know know know um I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in in in in in in in in in you know like uh okay I mean like I mean uh Ohio Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop culture. We you know you know so okay okay you know um okay talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider to to to to to to to to to I mean well you know okay well so I mean uh was the creator creator creator creator creator creator creator creator creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when okay like um um um um um um um um um uh like okay um okay we were younger and we're basically going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about how wacky is there's okay you know well I mean okay so well well well well well well well well well okay a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components components components components components components components components components that okay so okay okay you know okay like so we have to get get get get get get get get get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So so so okay you you you you you you you you you know uh uh well like like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the app um um uh like okay okay um so I'm using it is definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely the easiest one to use it's free you know uh um like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to to to to to to to to to edit your podcast um so you know I mean so well I mean um um um um um um um um um from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean I mean uh Spotify apple and many more without having having having having having having having having having to do anything which is great um okay okay well like uh okay okay and and and and and and and and and you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also also also also also also also also also like so so like I mean you know well uh great man. You gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything so you you you you you you you you you know I mean um so so uh you know you need to do all one one one one one one one one one place and to download the app go to so I mean so you know you know know know know know know know know know well uh uh anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to to to to to to to to to get Started let's get in the like well I mean like well so you know I I I I I I I I I mean madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 2 well um like so you know I mean so uh of everything and and and and and and and and and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um I mean I mean um well uh did amazing. I'm so thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing like so I I I I I I I I I mean so you know okay you know uh it and everything of that nature. I really really really really really really really really really really do appreciate it. And I and I and I and I and I I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this and this and this and this and this this this this this this this this this and this and this and this and this is my video coaching newsletter and okay okay like like like like like like like like like well okay okay um uh then topic of today's newsletter is going going going going going going going going going to be what to do when your girl I mean okay uh um you you you you you you you you you know um I mean um goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of of of of of of of of of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who you know I mean okay so um okay like I I I I I I I I I mean you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other other other other other other other other other like uh so okay well like like you know day and we got a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously uh okay okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so uh the video that we posted the other day people had some questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions because uh so you know you know uh uh uh okay there it's like talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked about in my first book 3% man that you can actually so so so so so so so so so uh um I mean okay you know um so end a relationship healthfully not full full full full full full full full full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each like you know you know like um well well well well well well well well well like you know other out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first first first first first first first first first episode well I mean I mean uh you know well uh uh of podcasts devoted devoted devoted devoted devoted devoted devoted devoted devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the okay like you you you you you you you you you know well so I mean well well basics of the format and gradually over time build build build build build build build build build you up to your own Cube I mean um I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know so. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of of of of of of of of of cube design and hopefully like I mean uh I mean like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own own own own own own own own own Cube. Ooh, I'm John so you know okay I mean uh like um um um um um um um um um um by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and hello, and hello, and and and and and and and and and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and I'm thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful file coming okay um like I mean so I mean okay like from from from from from from from from from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to like well well well well well well well well well you know you know okay so so like do? So essentially we are trying to to to to to to to to to give you a short rundown as this like okay so like uh um so like like like like like like like like like for this first episode on what the former cube is all about and like like like like like like like like like uh okay you know so okay you know I mean uh what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is like like like like like like like like like um you know um so you know well I mean right now. It is me Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local well um like well you know know know know know know know know know you know um so bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she she she she she she she she she gets here it is just I mean okay so okay uh so well well well well well well well well well I mean yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're back to the back you know okay uh I mean um like okay you you you you you you you you you know to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say um um um um um um um um um um uh uh um so um um The Boys Are Back In Town. That's another that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's another that's another that's another that's another that's another that's another that's another another another another another another another another another that's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd yeah, I'd yeah, I'd yeah, I'd yeah, I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd yeah, I'd yeah, I'd yeah, I'd yeah, I'd so you know um like well um um um um um um um um um you know you know say that the dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request Request Request Request Request Request Request Request Request would you I mean you know uh uh um well uh um say that I wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't have chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with well you know know know know know know know know know so like so well okay I mean you need okay? Yeah, as long as you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate okay uh you know okay you you you you you you you you you know you know like okay it always support your right to see random things things things things things things things things things. I support I support I support I support I support I support I support support support support support support support support support I support I support my right to party well I mean so so you know know know know know know know know know well well um and you always you got to fight for that right? Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure. It's what I've always you know um uh okay you know okay uh well heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and you know know know know know know know know know I mean like well well uh you know so I became good friends when we we we we we we we we we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Beach you know okay like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean well um you know Bree was actually taken the the the the the the the the the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational therapy like uh well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean I mean I mean so school. She has recently been admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted admitted and we are so proud of her Bree um so okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um uh also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her her her her her her her her her undergraduate uh I mean uh I mean uh so um well major and when she was was was was was was was was was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA Division you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know you know um okay II at Cal State East Bay. So this this this this this this this this this woman has a lot of so uh you know um uh you know okay so so so so so so so so so knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're going to so uh you know well I mean I mean like I mean dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations situations situations situations situations situations situations situations situations and well um so I mean like you know like um she's had to to to to to to to to to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the face of well you know know know know know know know know know like um well I mean you know um some situations where she did not think think think think think think think think think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you you you you you you you you you human I mean well I mean so um I mean okay um design design design design design design design design design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a leading human design expert expert expert expert expert expert expert expert expert and energetic okay like okay like you know um um well alignment business coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not well so so so so so so so so so so like uh I mean so I mean working so that it starts to work work work work work work work work work for you through human design and Alignment you uh uh well um uh um so so so so so so so so so uh experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income well well well well well well well well well uh I mean I mean okay well uh well each week. I'm going to be bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing you the human design and business in a um uh well like okay well well well well well well well well well well you know way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to align you know okay um uh okay um like uh by design. It is a a a a a a a a a me all church. I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know like um okay you know well care and much much more more more more more more more more more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully you know well um um I I I I I I I I I mean so like like designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday acts of life and to promote so uh I mean well you know um um um um um um um um um well well prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your your your your your your your your your entire order use well um you know okay like um like you know promotional code code code code code code code code code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show so uh I I I I I I I I I mean uh so like like so notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more more more more more more more more more novenas this Lent we okay like um so okay well so I mean can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you uh um I I I I I I I I I mean okay um so I mean uh meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is is is is is is is is is online and at your so uh okay okay well well okay like own pace pace pace pace pace pace pace pace pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers well um like like like like like like like like like I mean you know okay okay so and 19. Total talks each talk comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th july 16th july 16th july 16th july 16th july 16th july july july july july july july july july 16th july 16th july 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo Carrillo Carrillo Carrillo Carrillo Carrillo Carrillo Carrillo Carrillo the 42 year um I mean like okay so you know you know you you you you you you you you you know old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Juanita Juanita Juanita Juanita Juanita Juanita Juanita Juanita Lopez um so so like uh um so uh over dinner. He glanced out out out out out out out out out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over San uh okay like I I I I I I I I I mean uh well well so Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life life life life life life life life life wasn't as idyllic as well you know I mean well like well like okay it seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin you know know know know know know know know know so I mean okay okay I mean so okay just like most nights but but but but but but but but but right away something felt different. It was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was all wrong. The drugs the the the the the the the the the drugs the drugs the drugs the drugs the drugs the drugs the drugs the drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs I mean uh like like so you know uh uh burned hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever he'd ever he'd ever he'd ever he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd ever he'd ever he'd ever he'd ever he'd ever experienced before he began began began began began began began began began to hallucinate and you know okay I mean uh um okay um uh eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of March March March March March March March March March well uh okay so okay like I mean I mean 20 20 yesterday. We We We We We We We We We got we got we got we got we got we got we got we we we we we we we we we got we got the GDP data for the December quarter, which means so you know know know know know know know know know okay um okay I mean like like it is basically the status quo quo quo quo quo quo quo quo quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit we um um I mean okay well well well well well well well well well like like well saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 18% 18% 18% 18% 18% 18% 18% 18% 18%. This means that GDP uh you know like uh I mean uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 04% 04% 04% 04% 04% 04% 04% 04% 04%. That economists were well like okay okay um okay like you know expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was at at at at at at at at at a okay like well um so I mean so um gentle turning points towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards the end of last year was correct. However, it looks like that like so so so so so so so so so um um um well I mean okay gentle turning points has turned into into into into into into into into into an S turn due to the fires and like uh well like like well well um the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and and and and and and and and and the stay-at-home like like um you know uh you know you know okay moms moms moms moms moms moms moms moms moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay so like well well well well well well well well well you know well I mean like I mean at home with my kids Sam works works works works works works works works works out of the home and just kind uh I mean okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are are are are are are are are are really great things I mean okay like I mean um well uh um. There are some really really really really really really really really really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever you well I mean well so you you you you you you you you you know you know like I mean do when you listen to podcasts whether you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos okay you know you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so okay so in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat. Hey mamas, I'm you know um I mean uh okay you know like um Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the we're the we're the we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're the we're the we're the we're the we're the we're the messy Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's Mama's we've created the messy um I mean so well you know uh so you know Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and like like like like like like like like like I mean well like I mean you know I mean well unapologetically ourselves as as as as as as as as as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a once a once a once a once a a a a a a a a a once a once a once a once a month were going you know um um um um um um um um um well um okay um so okay to be spotlighting one of you mama's mama's mama's mama's mama's mama's mama's mama's mama's so that you can share your story uh I mean uh um I mean like like like like like like like like like like okay advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our our our our our our our our our community um like okay well so like you know um dry. Shampoo is our best friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you so so so so so so so so so well you know uh you know well like okay take your health health health health health health health health health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time it's time it's time it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time to level up. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello uh okay um well um I mean I mean um and welcome to episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is called like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean well so like movement is medicine. I just rolls off off off off off off off off off the tongue doesn't it? Does it does it does it does it does does does does does does does does does it does it does it does it does it I so um like like like like like like like like like um well so well you know think it's what we've been saying for the last last last last last last last last last few weeks. I feel like we've been like so okay well like you you you you you you you you you know well okay saying movement is medicine. It's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool to see everyone sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing the arm the post that well um um well you know so um uh we we we we we we we we we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive message and okay you know um well uh like I mean like helping everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone feel good. And we're here to really talk about something that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well like you know like okay I mean well well super passionate about and I know know know know know know know know know you are too. SLI everyday your training working well uh well like you know know know know know know know know know like so um hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath. So this is is is is is is is is is really um I mean so um uh okay okay so our bread and butter, isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't it? Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm here um you know um um um um um um um um um like uh okay you know so for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come come come come come come come come come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying uh I mean I mean I mean okay like um uh to build in in in in in in in in in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is well well well well well well well well well so I mean like uh like like well it that you want to to to to to to to to to be more intentional is it that you want to okay I mean um so like like like like like like like like like I mean well um feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition intuition intuition intuition intuition intuition intuition intuition intuition is it uh you know um um so okay uh so that you want want want want want want want want want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? better better better better better better better better uh you uh you uh you uh you uh you uh you uh you uh you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know well I mean okay I mean um You know, what what what what what what what what what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are what are what are what are are are are are are are are are what are what are what are what are what are you craving and notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice you know uh um so okay you know you know um in your life life life life life life life life life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice when uh well I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean okay um like those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a a a a a a a a a body here bringing you episode you know like you know so uh well you you you you you you you you you know okay 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with with with with with with with with with inspiring individuals well you know uh like like um you know you know to to to to to to to to to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy this guy this guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy this guy this guy this guy this guy this guy this guy friends podcast rid rid rid rid rid rid rid rid rid well I mean uh well okay um well like of show coming to you you you you you you you you you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested so I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean okay uh by many of you and we're going going going going going going going going going to title it books. I recommend so okay like uh uh like um well or top reads reads reads reads reads reads reads reads reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have well um well so I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um like asked a Jeremy what books would you recommend for for for for for for for for for finance with books you recommend for like um so you know well well well well well well well well well you know um so personal development? Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm going to share I mean uh okay you know um you know I I I I I I I I I mean um with you at least the ones that have had the biggest impact on on on on on on on on on me so like like okay um like I mean uh or the ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones that are In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase you know so so so so so so so so so I mean um okay like uh you know can't sure every book that that that that that that that that that I've read and listened to over the past 10 okay I mean well well well well well well well well well like well okay well um years, but I'll give you guys a pretty good list list list list list list list list list and I did a well um uh you know I mean okay uh well version version version version version version version version version of this a long time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and like I I I I I I I I I mean like you know you know I mean um like my goal is to put put put put put put put put put these onto the blog as well here probably in the um so you know know know know know know know know know I mean so uh you know okay next two weeks or so. I just just just just just just just just just have a lot of real I say quote unquote well like you know okay like like like like like like like like like I mean um uh real work to do but I will get to to to to to to to to to this but if you hear me say um I mean well uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact that I mean so so um uh uh okay so someone created pics insight insight insight insight insight insight insight insight insight and I happen to work hard to learn okay uh okay I mean you you you you you you you you you know well uh like it and actually really fell in love with it. A A A A A A A A A lot of them are so I mean you know I mean um so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh just really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for for for for for for for for for us like uh like um well uh you know I mean to be doing this this this this this this this this this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once so like uh you you you you you you you you you know well so like I mean in the realm of of professional observatories is is is is is is is is is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome so you know okay okay okay okay like you you you you you you you you you know everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Canada well okay uh so so I mean well you know and he runs a website website website website website website website website website visible dark dot CA and he also has a like like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like um uh YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He is he is he he he he he he he he he is he is he is he is he is he is he is a a a a a a a a a big user of picks in sight. So let's um well okay you know know know know know know know know know you know I mean uh uh get started. Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a a a a a a a a a weekly podcast dedicated to the like so I mean you know you know you you you you you you you you you know um I mean amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you you you you you you you you you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the so so so so so so so so so okay um okay uh like like well fate of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films I mean so well you know you know know know know know know know know know well uh you know Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this this this this this this this this this horrific story. If you enjoy uh well okay uh so you know you you you you you you you you you know uh these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories podcast every okay uh um uh like um okay um Wednesday. We tell we tell we tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell we tell we tell we tell we tell we tell we tell the complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events so I mean um well um like um um um um um um um um um you know and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to well well okay you know like so um you know podcasts. March 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN okay you know know know know know know know know know okay I mean like okay uh I mean of TV talk now ladies and gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to uh okay like um uh so so so so so so so so so okay you know Show Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of Television, right? okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay well okay well well you know um um okay okay Yes, and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love our so uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh um um audience and we will give you our opinions here here here here here here here here here on AfterBuzz TV. She I mean like so um like well I mean like like like like like like like like like quickly at this is yall's first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after so so so so so so so so so well uh so well okay um like show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an an an an an an an an an actress no network. We covered we covered we covered we covered we covered we covered we we we we we we we we we covered we covered we covered just about everything uh um okay um uh um so like like like like like like like like like on TV. And this is of course your Bachelor crew led by me or well you you you you you you you you you know so um you know uh you know like moderated by me. I should should should should should should should should should I should I should I should I should I should I should I should I I I I I I I I I should say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by like okay like like like like like like like like like like you know so well you know Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only first got me was was was was was was was was was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge you know uh okay like so well um um um um um um um um um uh reality TV fan and a host here at the network. So excited so so so so so so so so so excited so excited so excited so excited so excited so excited so excited so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to be okay okay well I mean I mean um like well here, but me Christine Christine Christine Christine Christine Christine Christine Christine Christine be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and and and and and and and and and everything well okay so like I mean I mean well so in between between between between between between between between between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I you know um um um um um um um um um well I mean okay you know like uh don't also much what you mean by by by by by by by by by are usually gas by D the middle um you know I mean okay like I I I I I I I I I mean so like amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for for for for for for for for for a higher salary um well uh I mean um well I mean okay in All All All All All All All All All right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay so I mean like like you've never listened to bash me a day day day day day day day day day in your life not voluntarily know so okay like um uh okay uh well well well well well well well well well what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like so so you know uh well TV talk now. It was The Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with I mean I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um uh um this show guys are hanging out with you you you you you you you you you guys so much. My name is well okay I mean well like uh well um um um um um um um um um Mike feeling. We're here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is is is is is is is is is uh well I mean okay I mean okay um uh. You know how we we we we we we we we we do first. I want I want I want I want I want I want want want want want want want want want I want I want I want to introduce. My panel I am so so so so so so so so so okay so um so well well well over here by myself on the team married side, side, side, side, side, side, side, side, side, but to my left also uh um so I mean um uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I I I I I I I I I may I mean I mean well I mean you know like okay well have accidentally bribed bribed bribed bribed bribed bribed bribed bribed bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a um so I I I I I I I I I mean um um um well you know Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human human human human human human human human human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid so uh I mean well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below below below below below below below below below the you know like uh well you know like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean other alien and Ethan Hello. Both of both of both of both of both of of of of of of of of of both of both of both of both of you young producer. Alien is alien is is is is is is is is is alien is alien is alien is alien is alien is alien is alien is is is is is is is is is welcome back so well uh okay you know I mean okay like to our our our our our our our our our show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old okay like uh um um um um um um um um um okay like I mean so aliens in US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory ancient astronaut theory um okay I mean you know uh okay like like. Oh, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah oh, yeah familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too too too too too too too too too early for this but I mean you know like okay like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to do do do do do do do do do you know you know um okay well um so well a bomb gasps gasps gasps gasps gasps gasps gasps gasps gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me well I mean well like well um um um um um um um um um okay uh have my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like like like like like like like like like chipmunk noises like so you know well I mean okay um so in the background, background, background, background, background, background, background, background, background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh you know um I mean week or two kitchen. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when uh uh you know uh um um um um um um um um um okay I mean okay we feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like they're not funny. Oh I mean I mean you know well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well like I mean so um so uh uh that documents everything about the world of of of of of of of of of live music speaking with choreographers costume and I mean um so you know so um um um um um um um um um so so set designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of of of of of of of of of and of and of and of and of and of and of and of of of of of of of of of and of course speaking I mean well so I mean like well you know I I I I I I I I I mean with musicians about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek peek peek peek peek peek peek peek peek behind the like uh well well okay okay uh so curtain at consequence of sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight I mean you know uh you know well well well well well well well well well well okay uh class consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith Meredith Meredith Meredith Meredith Meredith Meredith Meredith Meredith with the well I mean um I mean you know you know so so so so so so so so so um interview series presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot org consequence okay so okay like I mean okay okay um of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the like you you you you you you you you you know uh so uh you know well I mean very first official official official official official official official official official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode this episode this episode was recorded live okay you know like well well well well well well well well well so you know uh I mean on November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral cathedral cathedral cathedral cathedral cathedral cathedral cathedral cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear a I mean like like you know so so so so so so so so so okay uh uh very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the the the the the the the the the audience as well as so so so you know so um well you you you you you you you you you know questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview with somebody on um okay okay uh well okay so like our crew and I I I I I I I I I should mention this room was very big very bhumi tall um so you know know know know know know know know know I mean um uh I mean like ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor uh uh I mean like uh I mean uh okay it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation well uh okay I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay um like tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your podcast right from um like well so so um um well your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you can be heard on I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean well okay so like well Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else else else else else else else else else they distribute to you can make money from I mean you know like uh well um um um um um um um um um I mean uh your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in okay okay I mean um um you know um well well well well well well well well well one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f f m-- to you know well uh I mean like you know okay so get get get get get get get get get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for so so so so so so so so so okay you know uh so um so uh tuning in. This is the the the the the the the the the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no we're no we're no we're no we're no we're no we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're no we're no we're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We uh like you know um um um um um um um um um uh um well I mean felt it. Waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind of just kept us us us us us us us us us on one basis and we kind well okay you know um well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um of do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we we we we we we we we we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay you know you know um so um favorite podcast. So you you you you you you you you you never miss an episode like this one or if um I mean like like I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know um you become a premium user you can download the episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode so you can listen I mean so um well okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean okay um uh you're traveling and also you can share share share share share share share share share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't so like okay like you you you you you you you you you know um well um done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and and and and and and and and and search for okay well you know um well so so um D. Km/h or or or or or or or or or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean you know I mean uh well I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you you you you you you you you you like um um I mean okay I mean um uh guys first official episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh well like like sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I I I I I I I I I have a mic uh like okay well you know you know so um this this this this this this this this this time. It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, phone, phone, phone, phone, phone, phone, phone, phone, you know you know I mean well like I mean you know so I mean across across across across across across across across across the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that you know I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh I mean like well. It just was a bad Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be um I mean uh like like like like like like like like like well like well you know halfway around the world, but that's a story for another another another another another another another another another time. So you're ready um well I mean like well like like um to introduce ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves. Yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you you you you you you you you you yes, you yes, you go first girl. So I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be be be be be be be be be I'll be I mean well you know okay um uh uh uh cheering with with with with with with with with with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the benefits of you know know know know know know know know know um you know uh um um I mean so a Purpose Driven Life and also also also also also also also also also engaging you in a meditation of Hope um so well um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your your your your your your your your your purpose well you know um uh well so well um gives meaning to your your your your your your your your your life. We were we were we were we were we were we were we we we we we we we we we were we were we were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh okay like okay like well Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico talarico talarico talarico talarico talarico talarico talarico talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to you know so like okay so you you you you you you you you you know uh so be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it it it it it it it it it away. I'm going I mean so uh you know um um like okay to be be be be be be be be be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets like well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like you know so Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of of of of of of of of of this and the sort so uh well so well well I mean well of fantasy vs vs vs vs vs vs vs vs vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called okay I mean well well well well well well well well well so okay well okay uh I dream of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I I I I I I I I I dream of you um you know you know um so I mean you know know know know know know know know know like to wake would that I might dream of you and not wake but but but but but but but but but Slumber on nor um so so so so okay well um fine with dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams dreams. The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight like well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean well well and happy dreams. I hold I hold I hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold I hold I hold I hold I hold I hold I hold you you you you you you you you you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian and we so like well like well well okay well the premise of this this this this this this this this this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know well okay okay um I mean premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept Concept Concept Concept Concept Concept Concept Concept Concept but we the biggest thing so I mean uh so uh so uh you you you you you you you you you know that I think this is founded on we found there's just such a well well well well well well well well well like I mean so I mean um like well lack of podcast with two white white white white white white white white white guys in their late 20s or sister so like uh so I mean um um um um um um um um um well well this males. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented underrepresented underrepresented underrepresented underrepresented underrepresented underrepresented underrepresented underrepresented we need us field I mean uh um uh okay I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. So we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it you know know know know know know know know know like so well so um like okay a shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes card. So I don't know we okay I mean um um well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh know what I was thinking. What were what were what were what were were were were were were were were were what were what were what were what were what were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter um you know you know like uh I mean okay you know and and and and and and and and and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that that that that that that that that that are well like so I mean okay well I mean uh too important to wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each topic. We I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um uh you know uh like encourage you to remember that some some some some some some some some some tomorrow will be your last so each new day could um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay um you know well be your final chance to really live. This This This This This This This This This week we'll be covering introductions for so well I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean like Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast came from and some of our so well I mean well well um um well topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you do if you were okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay I mean well okay well going to die tomorrow? If I was was was was was was was was was going to die tomorrow? I would probably okay like like so well I mean um I I I I I I I I I mean do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the the the the the the the the the same time. You I you I you I you I you I you I you I I I I I I I I I you I you I mean well you know I mean like you know I I I I I I I I I mean well know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of of of of of of of of of poke I mean um so well like you know so um dad's there was this questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions that we keep getting about what platform we you know um I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean I mean use for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free free free free free free free free free. It's easy to okay uh you know well okay so I mean um use and and and and and and and and and I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know so I mean uh like I mean edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right from your phone or a computer. So if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if so if there was something so like um you you you you you you you you you know um uh um so in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull out my phone go into you know um like um so so so like the the the the the the the the the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there there there there there there there there there. It's so flipping easy like like well um okay um you know you know. Love it it it it it it it it it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor will okay like like like like like like like like like uh uh like you know like so distribute your podcast to all the other other other other other other other other other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name it you know I mean like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay like and it's great download anchor now get it on the app app app app app app app app app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple so okay well well well well well well well well well so um okay you know so question I have for you. Do you food now if that that that that that that that that that food happens to be like okay uh well okay like so I mean Gourmet stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random like like uh like uh I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like shit. Then you then you then you then you then you then you you you you you you you you you then you then you then you need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why why why why why why why why why you mmy tex.com Gourmet okay you know I mean I mean uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean Foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils oils oils oils oils oils oils oils oils pastas hot sauces mustards well like okay um like so so I mean and other exotic exotic exotic exotic exotic exotic exotic exotic exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well like well um food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience. What up what up what up what up what up what up what what what what what what what what what up what up what up Podcast like like okay okay okay well well you know know know know know know know know know for today's episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the the the the the the the the the spoke about well well uh like um you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh their different hustles and how most of you need to break out of the the the the the the the the the mold uh so you know uh well um I mean I mean. So make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to hit them up and leave a review to let okay uh like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well you know us know what you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back I'm back I'm back I'm back I'm back I'm back I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm back I'm back I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're looking so um I mean okay so uh well well at some more educational objectives objectives objectives objectives objectives objectives objectives objectives objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X syndrome. What I I I I I I I I I mean okay so I mean like you know like okay is this caused by this is is is is is is is is is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats I mean so so um um um um um um um um um I mean so well like on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that that that that that that that that that is fmr1 on the um okay uh well okay uh okay like long long long long long long long long long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation well I I I I I I I I I mean okay so you know so so you know of fmr1. So remember these these these these these these these these these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want want want want want want want want want you okay I mean like like um I mean well so to tweet me your feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast um you know um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like so form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put put put put put put put put put um okay well I mean um you know I mean you know hashtag garyvee podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your uh so okay you you you you you you you you you know so well well so feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some some some some some some some some some feedback on Twitter on okay uh okay so you know so so I mean how how how how how how how how how you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's you you you you you you you you you know um uh you know well uh well uh youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience uh uh uh you know know know know know know know know know okay okay you know okay. What up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone call that Gary had well well I mean you know okay you know um you know know know know know know know know know with Pearson. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all all all all all all all all all ages shapes I mean you know so well okay um like okay and sizes sizes sizes sizes sizes sizes sizes sizes sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what you um so so so so so so so so so okay like well um I mean so thought with a review and I hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy A story I'm working um like okay I mean I mean like okay like on on on on on on on on on is about his son in the industry and sort of how well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um so you know even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as as as as as as as as as a Christian uh uh like um uh well I mean okay believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as okay so I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay well you know okay people are stuck here on planet planet planet planet planet planet planet planet planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas okay well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so I mean you know often cause dissension anger and even hate but on on on on on on on on on this platform I welcome open so I mean I mean uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is so I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh okay well well well meant to teach and form and simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect uh okay so you know so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean. If you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you have a story or perspective to share share share share share share share share share please reach me Brenda Marie like well uh well uh you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Davies at God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be be be be be be be be be a part I mean well well um uh um uh you know of our community community community community community community community community community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got got got got got got got got got you know um okay I mean well okay okay um a fat callus on my my my my my my my my my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all it's all it's all it's all all all all all all all all all it's all it's all it's all it's all it's all well like so um well so so so so so so so so so um um right. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were were were were were were were were were just so like like like so I mean um I mean really busy with with with with with with with with with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah I yeah I I I I I I I I I yeah I yeah I yeah I yeah I yeah I yeah I yeah I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay um um well like um. Sorry, not a Hiatus Hiatus Hiatus Hiatus Hiatus Hiatus Hiatus Hiatus Hiatus. That means that means that means that means that means that means that means that that that that that that that that that means that means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay spotty okay spotty okay spotty okay spotty okay spotty okay spotty okay spotty okay spotty okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments well well well well well well well well well so uh well so um um uh participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper grumper grumper grumper grumper grumper grumper grumper grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's um um you know okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal experiences well okay um okay okay well um so guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on okay uh I mean you know like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean well page Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan the views and and and and and and and and and opinions discussed in the I mean you know so I mean you know like so so so so so so so so so like podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer and curator okay uh like so okay uh I mean uh of this podcast listeners discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God uh you know well like like like like like like like like like I mean um uh um Amy. Otto have but without a doubt any direction direction direction direction direction direction direction direction direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai uh like I mean I mean okay like like like like like like like like like uh okay but sexually feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped below severe so so okay um like um um you know Katrina as as as as as as as as as he gets worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara so so I mean um um um um um um um um um well I mean okay like me I deserve all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor okay um you know like I mean like so I mean is the easiest way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain one well I mean well like like you you you you you you you you you know uh so. It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to to to to to to to to to pay you have to you know so well you know I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know um pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that like um you know well I mean uh um uh allow you to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer well um so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like well super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some some some some some some some some some studio and pay for I mean you know you know well um uh well like like like like like like like like like some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you you you you you you you you you where well um uh so well you know like well you will meet. Today's European European European European European European European European European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each uh like well well I I I I I I I I I mean okay like like one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate fascinate fascinate fascinate fascinate fascinate fascinate fascinate fascinate me for more well I mean uh you know okay you know I mean so than than than than than than than than than 25 years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like I mean like you know uh my passion for the voice and and and and and and and and and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean so I mean I mean well well or whatever platform you you you you you you you you you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today I'm so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like well like like going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll be considering opening um well okay so you know you know like okay day day day day day day day day day happens this month. So basically so basically so basically so basically so basically so so so so so so so so so basically so basically so basically so basically the MLB is in a really weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird well so I mean so I mean okay well you know place right now considering considering considering considering considering considering considering considering considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series and it's um um um um um um um um um I mean um so uh like like uh possible that the Red Sox did did did did did did did did did as well. And I just I don't really like okay um um um you know know know know know know know know know okay so know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my my my my my my my my my predictions for next um you know well so um like okay okay year year year year year year year year year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're counting down um I mean like okay uh I mean like um the top 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were uh so so so so so so so so so so well I mean you know okay uh journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following following following following following following following following following the Colombian national team's loss you know so well like I mean like well so so so so so so so so so in the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that that that that that that that that that uh well okay you know I mean you know I mean so cost Columbia the the the the the the the the the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from um well okay um um um um um um um um um I mean well you know you know history tune in right? Your everyday to to to to to to to to to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify you know um um well I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay well or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 for 22 minutes into you know like uh okay okay okay so okay Columbia second match match match match match match match match match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that okay um um um um um um um um um well uh like I mean okay uh podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You You You You You You You You You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori like I mean uh okay uh so so so so so so so so so so you know podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you do you um like uh well you know okay uh like want to receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a I I I I I I I I I mean um so okay so okay um uh part of a Nori book club club club club club club club club club get special access to Nori events. Go take a like um you know like you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean uh look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're offering and in that Spirit of being well well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well okay okay lean and that startup kind of way that That, you you you you you you you you you know, we like to you know so uh okay you know I mean you you you you you you you you you know uh do this list of goodies is subject to change and and and and and and and and and we'd very much like your okay uh so um so so okay okay feedback. Is there there there there there there there there there is there is there is there is there is there is there is there there there there there there there there there is there something that you'd really like to see but it isn't listed here uh you you you you you you you you you know like well uh like I mean I mean honest feedback does a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot to help us shape what we offer to you. You like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh so so so can send an email to podcast at Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom. Or fill out our podcast survey anonymously um you know um um well okay um um um um um um um um um I mean in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and and and and and and and and and thank you so like okay um okay um I mean uh okay much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while since since since since since since since since since um like uh I mean well I mean uh uh we had episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have a well so you you you you you you you you you know okay uh you know okay well discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the the the the the the the the the way we're defining flipping for the uh you know so um um you know so so so so so so so so so so conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked marked marked marked marked marked marked marked marked so uh like okay okay well uh well up from the original price. We We We We We We We We We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the I mean I I I I I I I I I mean okay so I mean so um well episode. Hot cake flipping okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Justin Boon Boon Boon Boon Boon Boon Boon Boon Boon to leave so uh um so like I mean okay so fantasy Analyst at the the the the the the the the the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on um okay you you you you you you you you you know okay so so you know so Monday morning. So at this point we've at least least least least least least least least least had a couple days um I mean so I mean so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well to digest some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're like you know I mean like I mean uh like I mean going to to to to to to to to to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And uh like like like like like like like like like like so like I mean okay okay I know I said this on last last last last last last last last last week's show but I have to reiterate well like so like okay um okay like like like like like like like like like you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented talented talented talented talented talented talented talented talented uh okay like I mean I mean I mean um I mean athletes. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know so I mean um you know they're / like fractions fractions fractions fractions fractions fractions fractions fractions fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your I mean well so so so so so so so so so okay well well um you know view of a player but we did learn some some some some some some some some some things some players had you know uh um so okay okay I mean um much much much much much much much much much better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting we're counting we're counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting down the the the the the the the the the biggest scandals in well well uh um well like like well American political history. This This This This This This This This This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman was charged like okay um um um um um um um um um so um like uh so with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and and and and and and and and and Congressional staff for okay uh I mean um um uh I mean well personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was okay you know know know know know know know know know uh uh uh so like so getting ready to participate in a sting mission for for for for for for for for for the FBI the past so well well like um like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean few years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know well you know so you know I I I I I I I I I mean from the bureau had been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh um uh looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd outrun his cooked books with a so so like you know so okay well well well well well well well well well okay little quid pro quo. He could play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I I I I I I I I I like um like like um okay like I mean talked a lot about getting out of of of of of of of of of your mind getting out of the head and I mean um um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know well why that's important. And that's what today's episode is is is is is is is is is all about me and be at uh um well so well I mean I I I I I I I I I mean um had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights insights on what she well I mean uh I mean well so uh so does to get get get get get get get get get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with source and spirit like like like like like like like like like like uh uh you know well I mean so and so it was an amazing conversation it was was was was was was was was was recorded. Quite some time ago like you know uh so you know uh I mean you you you you you you you you you know. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like. So my my my my my my my my my so my so my so my so my so my so my so my so my my my my my my my my my well well uh um okay um like okay apologies on that we will return back back back back back back back back back to a schedule. I don't know exactly what well like well um well well well well well well well well well uh like so that schedule is. There's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a lot of moving Parts Parts Parts Parts Parts Parts Parts Parts Parts happening right now. So just be um so uh well okay so well well well well well well well well well you know on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're subscribed and well like so I mean um uh I mean like you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we like like like like like like like like like like you know like you know uh um you know chat magic Hot Topics personal development development development development development development development development development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and like well well like uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on well I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know like uh I mean okay the inside podcast. I'm Sarah head head head head head head head head head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we um I mean you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well I mean aim to help women all over the world Conger more more more more more more more more more joy in tuition and well uh so I mean so I mean like like like like like like like like like like everyday magic in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to to to to to to to to to do some Shadow work. So we so we so we so we so we so we so we so we so we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about the the the the the the the the the world of I mean uh you know you know uh you know like uh True True True True True True True True True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know okay I mean you know okay every week in addition to your your your your your your your your your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring the most uh okay okay uh uh like like like like like like like like like so uh fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected short clips from so so like um um you know um I I I I I I I I I mean some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas. Ideas, like motivation uh okay you know okay well well so okay method and Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you uh you know you know know know know know know know know know so um uh um um can find these original episodes for free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts well okay um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay um a list of episodes that we used will be posted in in in in in in in in in the description today. We're well uh so well you know okay well well discussing cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the the the the the the the the the so okay like you know okay I mean okay well boys from the back pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How so how so how so how how how how how how how how how so how so how so how so how so how so like you know know know know know know know know know like um um well you know are we we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie Hoagie Hoagie Hoagie Hoagie Hoagie Hoagie Hoagie Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast uh okay so you know um like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay today. Like you said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's got got got got got got got got got so like well uh I mean uh you know you know an incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible story, but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is um um so so so so so so so so so like well okay you know so you won't believe what this man's actual name name name name name name name name name is and Hint it might not be um um uh like um um so so so so so so so so so so. Mr. Devon. He's having his location just a block away for over four years years years years years years years years years going okay well well so um okay uh like it to the University of st st st st st st st st st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I when I when I when I when when when when when when when when when I when I when I when I when I say that we need more more more more more more more more more voices I mean okay like uh um uh uh I mean in the church talking about about about about about about about about about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to like uh I mean like um um um um um um um um um well you know well the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're seeing unfolding before our well um I mean you know so well I mean I mean eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is like like like like like like like like like like okay you know like I mean like okay to start a podcast anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform okay okay you you you you you you you you you know um um so I mean so. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast um um uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so you know. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit so you know um you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like you know so okay so for you. So it can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many you know okay I mean you know um um um um um um um um um I mean uh like more you can actually make some money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's I mean uh like okay uh you know uh so everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested so so so so so so so so so well uh well um you know well I mean download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5. I'm so uh uh uh I mean like I mean so Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this like well um like you you you you you you you you you know well well okay week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have have have have have have have have have no over the past um okay I mean um you know okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and you you you you you you you you you know you know um you know so you know you know like Giannis antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it okay uh I I I I I I I I I mean like like you know uh you know. We're going to touch on to to to to to to to to to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins okay so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like you know so drafting them. All right lot talk about co co co co co co co co co co Hey, what's up Tre was um uh okay I mean uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward you know uh okay well like I mean I mean well to this week, but but but but but but but but but it's great pests who week of sports the past week like okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like like as far as been amazing. We got two two two two two two two two two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans like well well you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups matchups matchups matchups matchups matchups matchups matchups matchups. LeBron showed leBron showed leBron showed leBron showed leBron showed leBron showed leBron showed leBron showed leBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire inquire inquire inquire inquire inquire inquire inquire inquire you know okay uh you know um uh uh well about hiring a room in in in in in in in in in the village hall for the evening of uh okay um okay you know okay you you you you you you you you you know okay September the first let me just see. Yes, we have both rooms rooms rooms rooms rooms rooms rooms rooms rooms available that okay well well uh like I mean um I mean evening. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's our main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's uh um well well well well well well well well well well uh well so uh the Charlton room. Sorry the child sunroom CH AR. LT LT LT LT LT LT LT LT LT o lT o lT o lT o lT o lT o lT o lT lT lT lT lT lT lT lT lT o lT o n that's got seating for well you know uh um um um um um um um um um like well I mean I mean up to 100. Well, we well, we well, we we we we we we we we we well, we well, we well, we well, we well, we well, we are organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing a dinner to raise money for so well um I mean I mean I mean um well well well well well well well well well a charity and we're hoping for at least a hundred and fifty people so so so so so so so so so you know uh uh uh you know uh like so I think we'll go go go go go go go go go for the main hall. How much how much how much how much how much how much how much how much how much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show this show this this this this this this this this this show this show this show this show this show this show this show is not not not not not not not not not okay okay you know um like so um like suitable for work because swearing is is is is is is is is is encouraged. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like like like like it's like it's like a Pinchot after dark but it's I mean so so so so so so so so so um like uh you know I mean um a podcast. I'm Kat I'm Kat I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Kat I'm Kat I'm Kat I'm Kat I'm Kat I'm Kat I'm Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean so like so you know okay 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I I I I I I I I I have not seen you in literal like a month like so like well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep we keep we keep we we we we we we we we we keep we keep we keep we keep we keep we keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We We We We We We We We We like I mean okay uh okay so like you know usually record In advance advance advance advance advance advance advance advance advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So like you know um um um um um um um um um um okay you know I mean okay this will come out actually the the the the the the the the the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing I mean okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay I mean so in the air on the way to Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30 uh 6:30 uh 6:30 uh 6:30 6:30 6:30 6:30 6:30 6:30 6:30 6:30 6:30 uh 6:30 uh 6:30 uh 6:30 uh 6:30 uh 6:30 uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so well okay like you know. Oh gross. Well, what well, what well, what what what what what what what what what well, what well, what well, what well, what well, what well, what are you drinking John? John John John John John John John John Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring okay I mean I mean like so you know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean water, very classy it. We're again we're again we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're again we're again we're again we're again we're again we're again we're again recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording at a normal time. Noon. What are what are what are what are what are what are what are what are what are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure normalizing uh so I mean I mean I mean uh um uh what it means means means means means means means means means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the mangas um so well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay I mean well and podcast this week. We are so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to sit down with the authors of you know uh like uh so well well well well well well well well well you know well wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing conversation filled with um well um you know you know uh well I mean so so so so so so so so so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use uh you you you you you you you you you know you know okay you know well okay um our menstrual cycle when we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so so like you know the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like like like like like like like like like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I and I and I and I I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I and I am here to to to to to to to to to tell you about the um uh so like well uh well I mean amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing app. I'm using right now. It is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is called anchor this is the app app app app app app app app app. I uh so well uh well well well uh use to create my podcast and I heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about it from a friend of mine who okay I mean I mean well you know know know know know know know know know um I mean uh actually does it as well because I thought at first first first first first first first first first oh my gosh, I want to so uh you know so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? it it it it it it it it I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I have I have I have no equipment. I I mean well you know like like like like like like like like like I mean okay you know I mean have no money and I want to ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure ensure that all our voices out here in like um okay um well you know um um um um um um um um um well the Midwest get heard and how do we do that on a platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform okay uh uh you know I mean so like well without spending a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of ton of money, especially when you don't know what to uh so I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay like I mean uh do. So she told me about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's absolutely free. There's um there's um there's um there's um there's um there's um um um um um um um um um there's um there's um there's um like okay I mean well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright from your phone uh I mean okay well okay uh you know I I I I I I I I I mean or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be um um um um um um um um um so okay well well well um uh heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and and and and and and and and and you can make money uh uh okay well I mean you know like so with your your your your your your your your your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if so so so so so so so so so you know like um well uh okay I mean you're ready, I'm going to to to to to to to to to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything you well I mean you know know know know know know know know know well I mean um you know I mean need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny you you you you you you you you you know you know okay you know you know like I mean um England. Join Join Join Join Join Join Join Join Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal you know well well well well well well well well well like I mean like so well I mean Realms grab your D6 and get get get get get get get get get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to well I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so well you know Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by by by by by by by by by the one and only Ben you know you know um uh um okay um so Curry Curry Curry Curry Curry Curry Curry Curry Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's really like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like I mean so like. Weird listen to you at at at at at at at at at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so is so so okay you know know know know know know know know know um I mean you know like it time to so it's like why are you you you you you you you you you speaking so slowly? Maybe I maybe I maybe I maybe I maybe I maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe I maybe I maybe I maybe I should uh you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so like turn to be like this really quickly is that you you you you you you you you you know, my dulcet tones at times to you know uh like so well you you you you you you you you you know so I mean you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the the the the the the the the the well you know um I mean like so um um Full Effect one more in gram gram gram gram gram gram gram gram gram or it cram more of me in so well uh so um so like like like like like like like like like like right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there so so so so so so so so so there so there so there so there so there so there so there there there there there there there there there so there is no need you know um I mean well um you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this you you you you you you you you you know so well I mean like so you know okay is just what I'm feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and movement um like so like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean really seems to make all the difference which I think think think think think think think think think is so cool uh like you know okay I mean you know okay well. Hello, everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients okay well well well well well well well well well you know uh you know like like okay and she's actually turned into a a a a a a a a a quite a dear friend of mine during our time together uh so so I I I I I I I I I mean okay like you know like. And so and so and so and so and and and and and and and and and so and so and so and so and so today we are going going going going going going going going going to be having a conversation about her journey that you know well I mean like like like like like like like like like um uh um uh led up to her and I working together where she's at at at at at at at at at. Now what she likes about uh well well so uh like so well our our our our our our our our our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where it goes uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like well so um. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that so that so that so that so that so that so that so so so so so so so so so that so that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just just just just just just just just just making like well uh I mean you know like I mean uh Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a a a a a a a a a like uh you know you know like uh you know well bunch of like like like like like like like like like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like uh I mean like and you know those anal anal Jesus, you you you you you you you you you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I I I I I I I I I can't I can't I can't wait um you know well okay like so I I I I I I I I I mean like either. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit a little my you know um well okay okay um well so hole with with with with with with with with with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a a a a a a a a a okay like like okay like uh you know okay normal voice one you Alda Alda Alda Alda Alda Alda Alda Alda Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll guess I'll guess I'll guess I'll guess I'll guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess I'll guess I'll guess I'll guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them them them them them them them them them and uh okay um I mean like I mean I mean um I'm Johan and and and and and and and and and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I well you know know know know know know know know know so I mean well okay well okay guess we're going to try and just just just just just just just just just talk about something reason that's happened in the news uh like like um so well well well well well well well well well uh so and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining was Donald okay okay so um um well I mean uh Trump and and and and and and and and and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes okay you you you you you you you you you know okay uh I mean well like okay Trump went to India and then when when when when when when when when when he was there, I mean, okay look before you know uh um so um um um um um um um um um okay so uh we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all all all all all all all all all the time and uh um so uh like okay like um we've tried to avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid it because they like to be boring right now you know like um you you you you you you you you you know so so so you know. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this this this this this this this this this is hilariously like this is hilarious I mean like um you know well like like like like like like like like like okay you know. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie names and stuff. You're you know okay okay like I mean so um well well well well well well well well well talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like he tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried his okay I mean okay well uh uh uh like hardest to get there like like like like like like like like like to talk about them, which is good. I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean who's like so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um okay um having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Cricket Cricket Cricket Cricket Cricket Cricket Cricket Cricket Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you you you you you you you you you so okay um okay so um okay um like much for checking out our our our our our our our our our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you know so so so so so so so so so like so like um well uh inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like like like like like like like like like never before let's go you know I mean uh well um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay check out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define Define Define Define Define Define Define Define Define who we are I mean you know okay so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well as a church and I just want to I just want to take this this this this this this this this this opportunity okay well I mean like okay uh I mean well to encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco something well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean okay um like in uncertain. May God go in and bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring it on. I believe we are going so okay I mean well okay well so so so so so so so so so um somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to to to to to to to to to you know you know like um uh okay well so be in our midst who can can can can can can can can can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this this this this this this okay like um you know well you know uh like episode includes discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions discussions of murder and assault that some people may find well well uh I mean you you you you you you you you you know okay um okay offensive. We advise we advise we advise we advise we we we we we we we we we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13. It was a cold so um you know I mean you know well well um and and and and and and and and and rainy January night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of of of of of of of of of uh well well well so well uh you know Portland Linda Slauson a pretty 19 year year year year year year year year year old woman made her way up a well um like like okay like okay okay dimly dimly dimly dimly dimly dimly dimly dimly dimly lit Street weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay uh so um okay you know come to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead like so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like okay you know. She found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I mean okay okay um uh okay you know okay talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a well um so uh like like like like like like like like like so you know you know national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing Performing. She was selected as the uh okay like well okay like uh um principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in okay so so so so so so so so so um uh um like well okay 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor honor honor honor honor honor honor honor honor bound and ranked as one of of you know so like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh you know the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie has been uh so so um I mean um um so accepted into the HonorBound HonorBound HonorBound HonorBound HonorBound HonorBound HonorBound HonorBound HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean you know um I mean okay okay summer Natalie's placed second second second second second second second second second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know you know uh okay um festivals solo competition. Now, the the the the the the the the the also has a band memes account called youth he's life which well um so so so so so so so so so so like like like well has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made made made made made made made with uh okay you know okay okay like like well only the freshest milk and and and and and and and and and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on uh I mean well you know know know know know know know know know you know so uh um your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big big big big big big big big big ol should be the um well uh um okay so I mean like only only only only only only only only only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing like um um um um um um um um um you know well uh like okay okay this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is you know uh uh so um um um um um um um um um so I mean uh Chris Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and and and and and and and and and Tyler Parker okay I mean uh uh um so you know uh and Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, okay okay you know know know know know know know know know you know uh you know you know you know what's up? Okay Southwest this this this this this this this this this episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best you know um you know know know know know know know know know okay so well okay like Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not a doctor or okay so so like well um you know um a a a a a a a a a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I I I I I I I I I would like to encourage okay you know I mean well um so uh well well well well well well well well well all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd FM okay um like you know uh so uh you know to get started started started started started started started started started on this. It has it has it has it has it has it has it it it it it it it it it has it has it has made it. So easy so easy so easy so easy so easy so so so so so so so so so easy so easy so easy so easy guys, I you know like you know know know know know know know know know so like like so um did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If If If If If If If If If I if I if I if I if I if I if I if if if if if if if if if I if I had only known it okay uh I mean okay I mean you you you you you you you you you know um uh like five ten years before early because all I need to do do do do do do do do do is download um so like okay you know so um so the anchor. I I I I I I I I I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor you know I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay I mean well you know okay will do all the job for for for for for for for for for me. It will publish it in all the okay well so um well well well well well well well well well well you know you know major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I I I I I I I I I do not need to like um so well well I mean uh um do anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make well like like like like like like like like like so you know okay okay like okay use of it. If you have a message message message message message message message message message if you have some come content, which you know um you know okay so so so so so so so so so you know like you know you feel that needs to reach out to the the the the the the the the the world or simply want to post so um okay so so um so uh something something something something something something something something something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back back back back back back back back back to I mean you know you know like I mean you know uh so so so so so so so so so my shoes podcast. So this so this so this so this so this so so so so so so so so so this so this so this so this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to you know know know know know know know know know so I mean so like you know so well the one Bitcoin show. Today is is is is is is is is is today is today is today is today is today is today is today is today is is is is is is is is is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking well okay so um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like Bitcoin is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome Bitcoin. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going okay you know uh okay well like like like like like like like like like okay okay to talk about that today Relentless. This is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is your home for for for for for for for for for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you I'm you I'm you know um I mean you know well I mean um um um um um um um um um um offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my hello my hello my hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to to to to to to to to to you a I mean um um I mean okay you know well okay little little little little little little little little little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked me if if if if if if if if if you know um okay um so um I mean um I tell you about about about about about about about about about it just because it kind of changed my life. I think okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like well like so so you know it'll change your life. It changed changed changed changed changed changed changed changed changed it changed it changed it changed it changed it changed it changed it changed it it it it it it it it it changed his life changed my aunts life changed everybody's like you know um so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I walked walked walked walked walked walked walked walked walked in well well well uh well um so you know there and I was was was was was was was was was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford well you know um I mean so so so so so so so so so so so like ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was was was was was was was was was doing two skaters kind like uh well like uh okay well well of stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell you you you you you you you you you know so okay so okay okay like okay you want to take take take take take take take take take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there. He you know you know know know know know know know know know well so well so well like said I want to tell you about something that that that that that that that that that I found out they if you haven't heard you know I mean so like well well well well well well well well well uh like I mean about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You You You You You You You You You did. He says he says he says he says he says he says he says he says says says says says says says says says he says it's called anchor well well you know um um I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is Charles uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know well you know uh okay you know Murphy hanging out as as as as as as as as as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a like um um um um um um um um um okay like okay okay well well couple of a couple cool things to talk about about about about about about about about about including a an interesting scoop well you know okay I mean um so I mean um um um um um um um um um on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see um um um um um um um um um okay like uh uh uh uh like what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not much is going on still you know well like so you know um you know know know know know know know know know um saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do do do do do do do do do so okay so I mean like you know okay well this. I want to to to to to to to to to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting I mean so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so okay I mean one and something I've been working on for a while while while while while while while while while. Obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously you obviously you obviously you guys that have you know I mean um um I I I I I I I I I mean um you know you know been listening know that Charles and I I I I I I I I I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both so uh um like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the business business business business business business business business business of getting Star okay well you know well like so um you know Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from well from well from well from well well well well well well well well well from well from well from well from well from hard work grows over time Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs 13 11 well you know well okay well like you know you know. I I I I I I I I I read I read I read I read I read I read I read I read read read read read read read read read I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to to to to to to to to to visit a so well well you know okay so you know you know financial financial financial financial financial financial financial financial financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of the the the the the the the the the article shared so well so you know okay uh you know okay that through through through through through through through through through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks of financial reflection like like like like like like like like like like like well uh okay uh you know. She found that she didn't have to give give give give give give give give give up things. She really loved to save um well like like I mean like like like like like like like like like so uh money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her to to to to to to to to to make productive you know so you know well uh um okay you know spending cuts during during during during during during during during during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour they discussed her background you know know know know know know know know know okay okay uh okay well uh uh shared screens to look at a monthly credit credit credit credit credit credit credit credit credit card statement and addressed goals for the week like like like well um like you you you you you you you you you know uh. The financial the financial the financial the financial the financial the financial the the the the the the the the the financial the financial the financial accountability was intended to help her prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging okay you know uh you know like like like like like like like like like so I mean uh to know that the Bible is full of wise advice on on on on on on on on on how to handle and well I mean um I mean okay like like so how to to to to to to to to to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including including including including including including including including including so uh like um like you know I mean you know the verse verse verse verse verse verse verse verse verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um um like um uh get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional career uh uh I mean uh um like okay you know paths creative Endeavors and and and and and and and and and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like um okay okay Road Less Traveled to find your passion passion passion passion passion passion passion passion passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and uh so you know um um um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host host host host host host host host host. Host um uh uh uh um like I mean um Athena Calderone author interior designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well um um okay editor and certified oversharer. Does that does that does does does does does does does does does that does that does that does that does that does that does that sound like like like like like like like like like an insanely long list of things you know uh like well well you know know know know know know know know know uh you know to do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every every every every every every every every every week. I'm going so uh um you know I mean uh well okay to be sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to uh um um so so so so so so so so so okay well I mean I mean talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we now we now we now we now we now we now now now now now now now now now we now we now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a like like like like like like like like like okay I mean um uh okay uh I mean lot beaches? You can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't hope to control we talked about peace and like I mean uh um okay like like like like like like like like like okay um you kill cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you uh you uh you uh you uh you uh you uh you uh you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well you know like I mean okay well might not be glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is is is is is is is is is podcast is podcast is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab Sab Sab Sab Sab Sab Sab Sab Sab reviews or comments I mean um like I mean I mean well you know um um um um um um um um um participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess that's uh well I mean well you know well uh you know cool Gary research research research research research research research research research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences like I mean um um um um um um um um um so uh I mean you know um guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is is is is is is is is is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at well I mean okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay so page Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions discussed in the podcast. Do well well like like uh okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of of of of of of of of of you know okay you know you know well so um I mean this this this this this this this this this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the because the because the because the because the the the the the the the the the because the because the because the because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling filling filling filling filling filling filling filling filling I mean I mean I mean uh okay um well well an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast um I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay so I mean um you know. Let me explain it's free. There's a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a creation tools that allow you to record okay so like okay okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute so uh well so um okay so you know your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many uh so like um uh like like like like like like like like like okay okay more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is is is is is is is is is everything you need okay okay I mean well you know um like like like like like like like like like like to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo so so so so so so so so so um you know I mean okay I mean you know um the FM to to to to to to to to to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay so uh like so excited about talking to you about money, but but but but but but but but but not just money wealth means wisdom I mean you know well I mean you know know know know know know know know know well well you know expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth is not just about how well so I mean I mean uh um well you know know know know know know know know know much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your your your your your your your your your personal you know well like well you know so you know like life your your your your your your your your your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that the the the the the the the the the word like okay okay I mean so okay um I mean of God you can seem seem seem seem seem seem seem seem seem to be dying light and it will be um okay okay you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like priced. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is episode number 12 to this word will be read read read read read read read read read from okay um so I mean um okay um okay John 15 verses 9 through through through through through through through through through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I you know well you you you you you you you you you know like you know okay uh so Loved You Now remain in my my my my my my my my my love. If you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you if you if you keep my commands, you will um so so so so so so so so so uh uh so like uh so remain in my love just as I have kept kept kept kept kept kept kept kept kept my father's commands and remain in like like you know so um like uh like his his his his his his his his his love I have told you this so that my joy may be in you and and and and and and and and and um well well well um well uh um that your joy may be be be be be be be be be complete. My command my command my command my command my command my command my my my my my my my my my command my command my command is this love each other uh okay so I I I I I I I I I mean okay so you know I mean as I have loved you greater love love love love love love love love love has no one than this to lay so um uh you know so um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I want I want I want I want I want I want I want want want want want want want want want I want I want to okay okay you know well you know well uh I mean thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you um um um um um um um um um like you know okay I mean you know okay so enjoy this one. If you if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast like uh well well well well well well well well well okay so I mean okay okay. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and uh you know um like like so okay like edit your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for so so so so so so so so so well um so like uh okay well you. So you so you so you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you can be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast like okay I mean okay I I I I I I I I I mean you know well you know and many more you can also make money money money money money money money money money from your podcast. It's everything you okay well um well you know okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh need to make a successful podcast download the free. God will god will god will will will will will will will will will god will god will god will god will god will god will go to Anchor FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM um you know you know um okay uh like so to get started. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest well like so so so so so so so so so you know um so uh you know question in the book one that mankind mankind mankind mankind mankind mankind mankind mankind mankind has been asking itself since the beginning uh so okay well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like of recorded history and one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face face-to-face face-to-face face-to-face face-to-face face-to-face face-to-face face-to-face face-to-face with okay so okay um so I mean uh uh individually at some time time time time time time time time time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's so so so so so so so so so um like well um so you know so. I am use of Muhammad formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just uh like so so so so so so so so so so um I mean uh okay playing I'm doing good. What are you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well well well well well well well well well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I mean so so uh like you you you you you you you you you know I mean with formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to to to to to to to to to say to you well I mean so like okay like okay um is go go go go go go go go go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening you're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on on on on on on on on on you know you know uh like you know you know uh so YouTube. So the so so so so so so so so so the so the so the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the used to be a visual element. There is there is there is there is there is is is is is is is is is there is there is there is there is not any more you know like like like like like like like like like so so um um so um. This is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe you're out walking the dog I mean well okay okay you know um I I I I I I I I I mean okay or driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the the the the the the the the the okay I mean like um okay I mean well I mean video version. This is why why why why why why why why why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so you know like I mean you know do leave us a review wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's well so you know so so so so so so so so so so so well uh get into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a a a a a a a a a genius of entertainment a well I mean so um okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Disney uh um I mean so okay well like uh on today's popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot it cannot it cannot it cannot it it it it it it it it it cannot it cannot it cannot it cannot it cannot be understated. You could could could could could could could could could love him so you know so I mean I mean um okay so. You can you can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can you can hate him or you can love to hate him but you simply cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot um like okay I mean like like so so ignore his work Walt Disney once once once once once once once once once famously said that laughter is America's greatest well okay um uh you know like like like like like like like like like so uh export but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel well well well well well well well well well you know well I mean um well so you know Lindsay emerged to lead the the the the the the the the the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading well well like like like like like like like like like you know you know you know like okay shockingly racist DMS that I certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans uh you know I I I I I I I I I mean uh so um well um of the show and alumni are mixed on on on on on on on on on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans you know uh uh well like like like like like like like like like um like like think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat uh well okay you know so I mean um so it too with with with with with with with with with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how okay like well you know know know know know know know know know so uh okay well the producers run the show creates a Asik environment environment environment environment environment environment environment environment environment for bullying and the show taking no uh uh like okay um like so so so so so so so so so I mean accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners are uh uh like um you know okay you know so producers take any accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically I mean well okay um um um um um um um um um uh so uh okay designed and run around the notion of having a a a a a a a a a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement like um okay okay I mean you you you you you you you you you know you know like or a happily ever after but every single season there will will will will will will will will will be multiple villains so you know well okay so uh uh okay. Another Another Another Another Another Another Another Another Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here here here here here here here here here at College Christian so um um uh like well so like church for the college college college college college college college college college age. And today and today and today and today and today and today and and and and and and and and and today and today and today we are talking about emotions or loneliness I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay you know okay like well well in our emotions podcast, and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? so like okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know uh Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have have have have have have have have have you here. Taylor is like you know um like you know so so well well well well well well well well well going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as enos as as as as as as as as as enos as enos as enos as enos as enos as enos as enos as our theme theme theme theme theme theme theme theme theme for today's like well you know well well I mean uh like podcast with with with with with with with with with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? It well it it it it it it it it it well it well it well it well it well it well it well it well like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like um started in high school. I could see see see see see see see see see it sprouting, but I had a okay like okay I mean so um um like good good good good good good good good good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year in uh you know know know know know know know know know so you know well so um I mean college definitely hundred percent and what ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways do you think like a kind of came about so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean uh so in college? Well, I came to Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I um uh like I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the um um um um um um um um um so I mean um so like um uh easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me you know well you know well so so so so so so so so so you know um like to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It It It It It It It It It has creation you know you know well uh okay uh like okay tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer like like like like like like like like like you know well uh so I mean uh well. You may remember Episodes of of of of of of of of of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and so uh so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like anchor made it very easy for me to distribute my Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob cast right you know like I mean uh I mean okay um like from my phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient so I mean well well well well well well well well well I mean uh uh like you know place. You can you can you can you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look like I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean uh so like you know at the Gospel reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide I mean you know like like like like like like like like like you know I mean uh like like an exegesis of the literal sense of the the the the the the the the the text. So today's reading is from Matthew okay like uh um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay chapter 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said jesus said jesus said jesus said said said said said said said said said jesus said jesus said jesus said jesus said jesus said to his disciples. You You You You You You You You You have learned you know like well well well okay like uh how it was said you you you you you you you you you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But you but you but you but but but but but but but but but you but you but you but you but you but you know so like okay well you know know know know know know know know know uh I mean I say this to you love your enemies and pray for for for for for for for for for those who persecute okay so um so well like I mean well you in this this this this this this this this this way. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for you know like you you you you you you you you you know like well like I mean um he causes his sun to rise on on on on on on on on on bad men as well as good and uh I mean so um um I mean uh like like like like like like like like like his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if for if if if if if if if if if for if for if for if for if for if for if for if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot so so so so so so so so so okay okay I mean so uh um uh f m. Anchor is a a a a a a a a a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you uh like like okay you you you you you you you you you know so well so everything you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast to all well I mean um okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know like I mean of the major channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free free free free free free free free free of so I mean I mean well well so uh like charge you can can can can can can can can can make money with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier you know well well well well well well well well well I mean um so I mean um okay. Download the anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get um well so um um you you you you you you you you you know I mean like started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean uh okay I mean I mean okay with poles poles poles poles poles poles poles poles poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder you you you you you you you you you know okay uh um like uh so uh of two birds the first first first first first first first first first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by I mean so okay you know know know know know know know know know like I mean I mean okay Matt gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to to to to to to to to to the end for uh um like you know so okay uh so a song by by by by by by by by by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at 2020 at at at at at at at at at 2020 at 2020 at 2020 at 2020 at 2020 at 2020 at 2020 at Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy uh so you know uh well well uh well when polls at 5:30 p.m. To To To To To To To To To celebrate International women's day will also have five um you know you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean I mean beers on tap from two birds and we go through through through through through through through through through the episode I mean I mean uh well so you know okay like like like like like like like like like and we try and have a taste of all of them. I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring the first of our um you you you you you you you you you know um um like you know I mean you know two episodes on Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading uh like well well you know know know know know know know know know I mean okay like her boyfriend Conrad Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter suddenly changed her mind you know so you know you know so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and then encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his okay okay I I I I I I I I I mean like you know I mean like I mean death or did the medication she she she she she she she she she was taking effect her behavior to hear more I mean I mean uh well uh like like like like like like like like like okay you know about So it's like this follow Crimes of Passion free on on on on on on on on on Spotify or wherever okay you know uh okay like um uh so you get your your your your your your your your your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised um um um um um um um um um like um you know well uh I mean you know this episode includes discussions of of of of of of of of of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so well well uh offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean um okay I mean you know so word. Anchor anchor is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way for you to start and make a so you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um you know like podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have have have have have have have have have creation tools available to you that like you know well uh like uh um um um um um um um um um um allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. And once I mean so uh um um you know okay so you finish recording you you you you you you you you you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too many different okay well um um um um um um um um um um uh okay uh like platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not not not not not not not not not only is well okay um I mean okay okay you know I mean Anchor easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um like well so uh I mean make money talking about the things that that that that that that that that that you love with no minimum listenership. I like I mean you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be be be be be be be be be true uh okay like um so um okay you know. How much is is is is is is is is is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we and we and we and we and we and we and and and and and and and and and we and we and we are back good morning for another episode of the the the the the the the the the Michael and Channing I mean okay like uh I mean I mean you know like show show show show show show show show show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought my thought my thought my thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought my thought my thought my thought my thought my thought was I'm here like like like like like like like like like like uh uh like okay like okay. Maybe it's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what what what what what what what what what about all the people who aren't uh you know you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay listening in the morning? Good night good night good night good good good good good good good good good night good night good night good night good night good night for another episode of of of of of of of of of the my like okay well uh I mean uh well you know coolant shitty show show show show show show show show show of that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you know know know know know know know know know I mean you know well okay I mean I mean you know you are listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay uh uh um you know you know listening for the first first first first first first first first first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look um uh you know know know know know know know know know like like uh you know I mean like you hit play Hey for all of of of of of of of of of you that haven't done this already. We'd love like I mean you know know know know know know know know know like like like you know okay for you to subscribe and give us five stars stars stars stars stars stars stars stars stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do uh okay you know like um um um um um um um um um um um um that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. We've got a okay you know okay okay so okay I mean um Facebook group for you as as as as as as as as as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want we want we want want want want want want want want want we want we want we want we want we want we want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a a a a a a a a a 30 like I mean um so okay um like um day free trial at wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom wwwsceetocom. Adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand titles okay well so I mean well uh um um um um um um um um um I mean to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before Before we get into you know um um um okay you know okay like today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so I mean so well you know like about making authentic friendships. You might might might might might might might might might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode uh okay well um like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean 34 of Adventures in autism. She is she is she is she is she she she she she she she she she is she is she is she is she is an Autism sibling who created this this this this this this this this this amazing interactive web like well uh uh so I mean like so app that that that that that that that that that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to well well well well well well well well well well well so you know uh uh well make friends based on age interest diagnosis diagnosis diagnosis diagnosis diagnosis diagnosis diagnosis diagnosis diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also okay okay so like well like like like like like like like like like um uh sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just we just we just we just we just we just just just just just just just just just we just we just we just wanted to take a moment and Shout Shout Shout Shout Shout Shout Shout Shout Shout out our podcast host like um um so like like I mean so many many many many many many many many many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um like you know so if you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the uh um well okay uh well um um um um um um um um um okay easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from well so so so so so so so so so um I mean well you know so well the podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that so so you know you you you you you you you you you know like uh like like allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer anchor distributes like I mean um okay um okay uh well well well well well well well well well your podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many other platforms like uh I mean okay okay uh well um and the best best best best best best best best best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make a podcast well you you you you you you you you you know you know um okay okay so so in one place. So get on it it it it it it it it it and go download the free anchor app or like so like okay well you you you you you you you you you know like like go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today today today today today today today today today. Why is it uh um so okay you know so um so the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are are are you are you are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness witness witness witness witness witness witness witness witness nor like like okay I mean uh like you know okay Dame's first spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know about um you you you you you you you you you know okay like well well okay so you guys. But those those last couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple of podcasts leading up to so so okay like you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um pre-spring and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to to to to to to to to to work with you know I mean uh I mean um like so well and we we we we we we we we we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions in uh uh so so so so so so so so so um well so okay I mean February. I know I know but yeah, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean everybody's interested in that um you know I mean like okay I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh stuff and That's what we do but it's good to have a practice I I I I I I I I I mean so like um like um so you know under our belt we can talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want to you know know know know know know know know know so you know I mean okay you know okay I mean start with the in in in in in in in in in book because and Pete I saw you put out you know okay so well well well well well well well well well so well I mean you know a list yesterday of the guys that stood out out out out out out out out out to you and I put like well you know well okay I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you know out a list this morning of the five that the five that thrived thrived thrived thrived thrived thrived thrived thrived thrived I thought I mean so well um you know well okay so yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday and I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but I I I I I I I I I mean so like um well well so well but Ian but I mean I I I I I I I I I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay like I mean uh like podcast. I hope to to to to to to to to to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again through um like I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like I mean well uh stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real real real real real real real real real never perfect and most of the time messy so you know okay well like like like like like like like like like um so I mean. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey everybody today. I have my well so uh so so okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah okay well you know I mean I mean like uh um good to have have have have have have have have have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're just okay well well well well well well well well well well okay like okay um okay going to be talking about dating and especially in in in in in in in in in the Christian world and what uh I mean well uh okay um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me a little little little little little little little little little bit I mean I mean so uh you know like um you know about about about about about about about about about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the the the the the the the the the reflection like I mean so you know you know so I mean like like like like like like like like like of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like uh uh I mean well anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words words words words words words words words words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be well so um you know um so so so so so so so so so you know okay myth karev to her proper. She look she look she look look look look look look look look look she look she look she look she look she look she look today as well well well well well well well well well as all the singles of marriageable well okay okay uh you know um I I I I I I I I I mean like age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, so in okay well you know so I mean so well well loving memory and Lena Lena Lena Lena Lena Lena Lena Lena Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold I mean so you you you you you you you you you know uh well so you know okay brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in in in in in in in in in his mat raffaella empanadas and well well so well like I mean like okay watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom so well like like like like like like like like like so like I mean well I mean family Robert. I Robert I Robert I Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert I Robert I Robert I Robert I Robert I Robert I Robert I rabbit a rabbit rabbit rabbit rabbit rabbit rabbit rabbit rabbit rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they you know I mean uh um okay uh like like like like like like like like like like attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder becomes louder becomes louder becomes louder becomes louder becomes louder becomes louder becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes louder becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking this this this this this this this this this so you know okay so you know so uh so is a clinic. This is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome to okay so you know know know know know know know know know so well okay uh uh the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your your your your your your your your your host. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not I'm not I'm not joined by okay I mean okay so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like I've like I've like I've like I've like I've like I've like I've like I've like like like like like like like like like I've said okay okay so I mean you know well well like today the the the the the the the the the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course you know so well well well well well well well well well so um I mean um well of the week to come up with things things things things things things things things things that I wanted to talk about um um you know okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay. And you know, I woke up this morning and and and and and and and and and I still didn't have I mean well like okay so so like so so so so so so so so so anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're your we're your we're your we're your we're your we're your we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're your we're your well um uh um well um well well hosts. I'm Erica and and and and and and and and and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys uh okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know you know like about the Florence hair salon murders murders murders murders murders murders murders murders murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by um like uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so so a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so so so so so so so so so much for listening and like like I mean like uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you you you you you you you you you okay I mean I mean so you know okay well like support yourselves a a a a a a a a a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 so uh um um um um um um um um um um I mean so you know um 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Hair Hair Hair Hair Hair Hair Hair Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to well I mean so I mean I mean so well um um um um um um um um um get her nails done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you how how how how how how how how how you know so like uh I mean like um well the investigator as as as as as as as as as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay well well like like um connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959 1959 1959 1959 1959 1959 1959 1959 1959. A man was born who would I mean like okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well like eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It It It It It It It It It would take like uh like I mean you know uh like so years for police police police police police police police police police to connect him to four other murders years and a clever uh I mean you you you you you you you you you know like so well you know well. A gator who got the DNA he needed. So So So So So So So So So if you like your coffee hot, uh like uh uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know like okay but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a a a a a a a a a morning cup of you know um so I mean uh uh uh you you you you you you you you you know murder on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was was was was was was was was was murdered inside of like so okay I mean um like like uh her, Texas Apartment Apartment Apartment Apartment Apartment Apartment Apartment Apartment Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three three three three three three three three three just three just three just three just three just three just three just three just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, let uh like well you know well like like uh me tell you about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me okay okay okay so so so so so so so so so like uh um like explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and and and and and and and and and there's creation tools that like uh uh uh like uh um uh allow you to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer well so I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know okay you know I mean and anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um okay uh you know Apple podcasts and many many more places to list list list list list list list list list keeps on growing and you um okay you know okay so like like like can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need need need need need. Need you know so I mean well well you know so so to make a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know like I mean um I mean well get your voice out out out out out out out out out there download the free anchor app or go to okay like you know you know know know know know know know know know like like so I mean Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now now now now now now now now now a word about Spotify so you know um like um like you know like on on on on on on on on on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even uh um um um um um um um um um so so okay uh okay I mean podcasts about artists all in one place place place place place place place place place for free. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't even need a so I mean uh uh like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every every every every every every every every every topic including the I mean well I mean uh I mean uh so well one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of my my my my my my my my my so you know like so okay so uh well beach hats. How are you you you you you you you you you guys doing today? I hope you had a good you know I mean so so so so so so so so so uh you know uh um you know day. We're using the mic this time time time time time time time time time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except uh you know you know like okay so so so so so so so so so okay so it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some some some some some some some some some I mean you know I mean so um okay uh like like that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've got some so so so so so so so so so I mean um you know like I mean like like great stuff in store for for for for for for for for for you. We have a stick listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to um um um um um um um um um like well well well okay um um talk about anchor if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make I mean like uh like like like like like like like like like like uh like well a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to you know so so um um well so you know record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will will will will will will will will will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast you know okay uh like you know okay okay so for you you you you you you you you you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie apple pie apple pie apple pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie apple pie apple pie apple pie apple pie apple pie case and many so well well well well well well well well well um okay well um like well more you can make money from your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership and um well well you know uh you know you know know know know know know know know know you know it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download download download download download download download download download the free I mean well so so I mean okay I mean well anchor app or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you know uh uh I mean so I I I I I I I I I mean well well you going to love this one? I put I put I put I I I I I I I I I put I put I put I put I put I put out so much content that that that that that that that that that if you listen so you know like well so well well well to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to to to to to to to to to so I mean so so I mean okay I mean okay you by anchor if you you you you you you you you you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well uh you know um like so side and an app is is is is is is is is is well, if you aren't aware of what it I mean so I mean um well well well well well well well well well um I mean so is. It's definitely it's definitely it's definitely it's definitely it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's definitely it's definitely it's definitely it's definitely it's definitely one of the best apps that that that that that that that that that you can go and find out anchor um I mean uh like you know um um um um um um um um um you know uh will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. It well it well it well it well it well it well it it it it it it it it it well it well it well so so you know well you know like okay also also also also also also also also also has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right uh um you you you you you you you you you know okay well uh uh I mean from a phone or a computer. It's basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically everything you need to have a nice like uh um so so well I I I I I I I I I mean okay podcast all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app um uh okay like um uh well uh or go to Anchor or FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, um um well well well well well well well well well well like uh uh okay bro, I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty good good good good good good good good good. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for doing this for me, well okay well so I mean well well well well well well well well well well like man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom well so um you know well I mean well uh wall. See if if if if if if if if if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to you know um um um um um um um um um okay like you know um like well hell and today is going to be be be be be be be be be extremely exciting. I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I have I have I have Adam Breeze of well well like well well well well well well well well well you know okay like so Raven I with us but before we hop into that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, I just wanted you know you know um so so so like so to to to to to to to to to go over I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities capabilities capabilities capabilities capabilities capabilities capabilities capabilities capabilities well like um like so I mean uh I mean. I think I came came came came came came came came came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I like well like like like like like like like like like uh so well okay uh got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that that that that that that that that that I write thoughtful cards out, you know um um well um okay um like but but but but but but but but but I personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got got got got got got got got got him a uh well so um okay okay so so heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because because because because because because because because because he loves cheesecake and I also got um uh I mean I mean like so so so so so so so so so okay you know him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to to to to to to to to to guide like you know so well well like okay you know to get stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so um uh well well um and racing we're passionate about serving run a community community community community community community community community community and we bring the most interesting I mean I mean so like uh uh okay I I I I I I I I I mean and accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on on on on on on on on on those long um uh I mean I mean I mean um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified certified certified certified certified certified certified certified certified nutrition okay like uh okay well well you know okay and weightlifting coach and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and uh like so uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash and draw uh I mean like uh like I mean like um stronger and on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can also join our well okay well like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean well Facebook Community by clicking visit group on our page page page page page page page page page and sending us a member like uh so so I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um of West if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a a a a a a a a a so okay well well okay um so well review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you you you you you you you you you may ask uh um like so so okay like uh that is my best best best best best best best best best friend since the second grade when I was seven years old you know well um well well well well well well well well well um well uh so Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had he had he he he he he he he he he had he had he had he had he had he had he had had had had had had had had had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert Boos. Oh so I mean okay okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure assure assure assure assure assure assure assure assure you I'm um you know okay you know um uh uh uh going to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you those stories from all over. The years but the reason like I mean you you you you you you you you you know you know well you know um I mean we're looking for Nate nasty or or or or or or or or or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity to disappear I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh you know uh I mean and I'm not saying like three four weeks at at at at at at at at at a time or maybe even a I mean I mean okay you know so so so so so so so so so um so so couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm talking six months to a uh well like uh uh like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh year. This man can disappear at times. He has he has he has he has has has has has has has has has he has he has he has he has he has a lot of stuff going going going going going going going going going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to to to to to to to to to business um you know well I mean you know um like um owners looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking for for for for for for for for for okay you know well like you know uh like well a better way way way way way way way way way to manage our time. So rich so rich so rich so rich so rich so rich rich rich rich rich rich rich rich rich so rich so rich so rich characters starting so you know what? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um so you know well okay um so uh really glad we decided to to to to to to to to to look at this book this week because I like I okay you know well well well well well well well well well so you know okay like well just went to revisit it a wee bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit and I realized so much of this um okay uh like so um um um um um um um um um I mean uh stuff. I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't realize I was doing since I I I I I I I I I read this book, but it kind uh like like uh um like uh uh of of of of of of of of of just there so intuitive they just kind of made their way into my routine routine routine routine routine routine routine routine routine like like well you know I mean uh you know uh because I was aware aware aware aware aware aware aware aware aware of a way to do things better integrate at the um like I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like okay like Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is vector is is is is is is is is is vector is vector is vector is vector is vector is vector is vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again back again back again back again back again back again back again again again again again again again again again back again back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use use use use use use use use use I mean so like well so um you know uh it. I know I I I I I I I I I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right you know so I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean like like I mean so hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox fox fox fox fox fox fox fox fox. I thought the voice of God special guest for well like so you know so so so so so so so so so well you know uh haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are are are are are are are are are what are what are what are what are what are what are what are what what what what what what what what what are you here for the title of um you know okay well well so so so so so so so so so so uh the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the the the the the the the the the translator is interpreter translating like I mean um well I mean well like you you you you you you you you you know right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us us us us us us us us us who you are you know I mean like well I mean like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and who you are Nick. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating dominating Edge you know like like uh like so so uh today. We'll speak about about about about about about about about about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was a kid okay uh I I I I I I I I I mean okay um I mean okay like. Kid growing kid growing kid growing growing growing growing growing growing growing growing growing kid growing kid growing kid growing kid growing kid growing kid growing up in in in in in in in in in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years old well I mean so so so so so so so so so I mean uh so you know okay. I was having a tough time making making making making making making making making making a decision on whether I you know I mean so um you know so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was was I was I was you know well um well well well um um a a a a a a a a a trumpet player. Already playing already playing already playing already playing already playing already already already already already already already already already playing already playing already playing already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and and and and and and and and and the okay um so so I mean um well um community of Legends of of of of of of of of of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean um well so become a supporter of Legends cast visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this I mean so okay okay like like like like like like like like like like well like. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the the the the the the the the the cards The Meta um I mean I mean uh well uh like you you you you you you you you you know and the community of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host host host host host host host host host so well well uh like okay so well Mark looks or the lift outside of of of of of of of of of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, well okay uh so you know know know know know know know know know you know like I mean actually nobody. This is a bit of an in-between episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd you know well uh so like you know um so and I I I I I I I I I could not get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen like okay okay okay um so so I mean to all of our favorite artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists and podcasts in one place for free without well um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well uh a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on on on on on on on on on every imaginable topic plus you know uh like I mean uh like like okay you can can can can can can can can can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users like I mean you know know know know know know know know know like so okay okay so can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and and and and and and and and and easily share what so you know like so um like well uh you're listening to to to to to to to to to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so well so so so so so so so so so so I mean so you know um uh already Ready, be sure to download download download download download download download download download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so so well like uh browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, make sure to follow me. So so uh um um um um uh well you you you you you you you you you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know okay so I mean so daily episode 948 the benefits of of of of of of of of of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by so uh so you know know know know know know know know know uh uh uh so Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm and I'm and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm your host and and and and and and and and and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so okay like um so you know pediatric traumatic hip dislocation from the the the the the the the the the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic so okay I mean well uh okay well well well well well well well well well well hip dislocations are usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in in in in in in in in in okay well so I mean you know um so um children less than 10 years of age age age age age age age age age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia I mean um okay uh um like like like like like like like like like well okay or sedation open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment fragment fragment fragment fragment fragment fragment fragment fragment following okay you know well I mean uh so you know well reduction. 80% of of of of of of of of of 80% of 80% of 80% of 80% of 80% of 80% of 80% of of of of of of of of of 80% of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or like so so so so so so so so so you know I mean well okay you know well traumatic poster dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again well well well well well well well well well okay you know you know um well okay um. These injuries are more common than than than than than than than than than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of okay um I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so um well injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to to to to to to to to to a low energy you know um like uh um well well okay sports injury injury injury injury injury injury injury injury injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The okay okay you you you you you you you you you know well I mean you know you know so Unlucky at lap record, but but but but but but but but but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did well um well um um um um um um um um um you know uh so um all that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the like you know um um uh like I I I I I I I I I mean like unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows rainbows rainbows rainbows rainbows rainbows rainbows rainbows rainbows on the you know I mean um I mean like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello like like like like like like like like like so okay well well uh um I mean everybody and thanks for hanging out out out out out out out out out with us on this Tuesday. For those of you you know so well uh like like like like like like like like like um uh um who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and and and and and and and and and there were some major well I mean um so um um well so major major major major major major major major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't well so so so so so so so so so like I mean like well I mean you know know how much time you've had had had had had had had had had to think about this but this is um you know uh well I mean you you you you you you you you you know uh okay a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So So So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so I well okay I mean okay you know you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean think it's time you have any idea when talking about the new new new new new new new new new Bachelorette it is about so uh I mean well like well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the new baby. I figured I figured I figured I figured I figured I I I I I I I I I figured I figured I figured I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this this this this this this this this this um like like okay well like well so up actually did as much much much much much much much much much research. You looked you looked you looked you looked you looked you looked you you you you you you you you you looked you looked you looked into it to find out what I mean I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay okay you know so I mean her deal was and her her her her her her her her her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the so I mean you know uh so okay um uh most Sinister. I I I I I I I I I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well I mean well okay so to buy tickets to come to your shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows shows. You don't need this right here. I uh um uh okay like like um um um um um um um um um so promise you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll throw a lasso okay like uh um you know so well um around. Hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're like well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like okay like about to hear Johnny got invited by one of our our our our our our our our our friends who's a teacher At uh you know you know so I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches he teaches he teaches he teaches he teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches he teaches he teaches he teaches he teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked Jonny so I mean um okay so so so um to come in talk about culture and and and and and and and and and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about I mean like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know well core values talks about how important those are and and and and and and and and and how vital it is uh I mean I mean um I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh to know what your core values are so you can create culture within your your your your your your your your your well well you know um so I mean um um team within your friends and got got got got got got got got got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming programming programming programming programming programming programming programming programming to you know you know well I mean okay so I mean you know know know know know know know know know give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent Hi, okay uh okay so uh so so like how are you? This is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of Natural um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um so I mean so you know History. You heard her on our do do do do do do do do do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline so you know uh like uh I I I I I I I I I mean okay like why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. They're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're pretty um well you know um uh um okay okay badass badass badass badass badass badass badass badass badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't know know know know know know know know know well well so so like I mean so okay if you're on social media, but on on on on on on on on on Twitter and Instagram there has been a flamingo okay um I mean uh like well well well well well well well well well um um event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, you know know know know know know know know know brought like well well um um um well well to my attention by a a a a a a a a a few people. It looks like a picture from a flamingo like um uh okay you you you you you you you you you know well well um crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to like like like like like like like like like you know well like okay um okay um the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host yell Segal. I'm uh uh you know uh you know um like um um um um um um um um um here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and and and and and and and and and oh and you're okay um well I mean um okay well you know the CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um uh um well um uh great. If you haven't joined us before before before before before before before before before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of time I mean okay I mean so um um um um um um um um um uh okay so that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, please reach uh like so well you know like you know well out to rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six well um I I I I I I I I I mean well um like um you know seven three one eight hundred six, five six six six six six six six six six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great great great great great great great great great car can be um okay like so like um um so an adventure adventure adventure adventure adventure adventure adventure adventure adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's a like I mean so like so okay um uh car out there. You'll love we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here to help you find it. I'm Todd. I'm um well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so um okay Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am I am so happy for you so you know uh I mean you know I I I I I I I I I mean like uh that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't you're happy for me. I'm like so um like like uh so okay thrilled for you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter sort of like um I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean well I mean you know revelatory isn't out but just driving it it it it it it it it it period it honestly I last started it so uh uh uh so okay I I I I I I I I I mean so the day after Christmas because I had to get it out of the the the the the the the the the garage and having okay um so like like uh uh so some work done done done done done done done done done start start. I'm trying to wrap my head around this you I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh you know uh so uh you know started it last night started started started started started started started started started was the day after Christmas. So that's been like what three okay uh well um so so so so so so so so so um um okay months as of this report. Last time. It moved was a month month month month month month month month month before okay so you know you know um um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's well well well well well well well well well so like okay I mean well uh well one thing. I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car is um so so I I I I I I I I I mean uh um so I mean true. I could I could I could could could could could could could could could I could I could I could I could I could I could tell that the the the the the the the the the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts um okay so uh uh like I mean uh hard and a husband here with with with with with with with with with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon like uh okay um well well well well well well well well well well well okay believe it or not today. We will we will we will will will will will will will will will we will we will we will we will we will we will be discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing breath load tap some of I mean like so so you know like you know know know know know know know know know so the Daleks 64 our last page of rough road today. We thought that that that that that that that that that I know so I mean like so uh uh you know well whoo-hoo today. We We We We We We We We We thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um so okay so just part of an unload we would would would would would would would would would just learn the dots together and see what we you know you know you you you you you you you you you know well you know um well um can glean from some of its insights will start start start start start start start start start with a murabbi oven which is like well so I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like Really the first topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Levi Levi Levi Levi Levi Levi Levi Levi Collins opaque and okay you know uh uh uh uh uh well such trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based practice I mean uh you know like you know okay well so with continuing continuing continuing continuing continuing continuing continuing continuing continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to teachers welcome okay um um um um um um um um um I mean so um uh you know I mean to this week's Dale is NASA in in in in in in in in in association with the teacher development trusts and well uh okay well so like um uh now now now now now now now now now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back Lean Lean Lean Lean Lean Lean Lean Lean Lean you know um I mean like so okay well okay podcast this week week week week week week week week week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or the usual podcast well um um um um um um um um um you know like like you know um uh pedagogy section where it's me and and and and and and and and and Rings into music film and books. They will you know you know know know know know know know know know like um okay okay like like return next week. So it's just stripped back back back back back back back back back to feature me and the you know uh so okay like I mean um uh wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is so so so so so so so so so um so uh I mean well uh um that I'm recording especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially early in the week this week because I have so okay like uh like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you you you you you you you you you like thinking uh so well well uh like you know okay deep. Yeah. How about about about about about about about about about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got the podcast for so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so uh um um you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we we we we we we we we we try to well I mean well like like like well um find the line between philosophical philosophical philosophical philosophical philosophical philosophical philosophical philosophical philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, if um you know um um um um um um um um um like I mean so so I mean you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know know know know know know know know know. We're okay okay okay okay well you know well I mean just kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, I got like like like like like like like like like so I mean you know um like I mean uh a couple issues with with with with with with with with with for we don't have a low blow but we don't like um I mean like like like like like like like like like like you know you know so have issues or just so we'll just call it the the the the the the the the the Tim and Chris Donna I mean uh I mean so so uh like like like like like like like like like like podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better better better better better better better better better you know okay uh okay you know I mean um okay. We'll figure it out. I I I I I I I I I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, I'm Tim, I'm Tim, I'm Tim, I'm Tim, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Tim, I'm Tim, I'm Tim, I'm Tim, this is our I mean um um um um um um um um um well well well like you know you know podcast is first time something new new new new new new new new new just you know had an idea one day so uh um well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and and and and and and and and and sometimes we're going so okay um okay well okay well I mean to like deep talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking. So we so we so we so we so we so we so we we we we we we we we we so we so we just thought hey, you know might as well try I mean you know know know know know know know know know uh I mean you know okay uh so to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the the the the the the the the the okay like uh well you know you know well um gross margin impact of a a a a a a a a a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid you know um um um um um um um um um uh well um so um uh model X on Tesla by this is something something something something something something something something something I'm really really excited about like like okay well so okay well um from a financial perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to um like okay I I I I I I I I I mean um uh I mean you know the third row podcast. I came came came came came came came came came up the idea for this episode. We were we were we were we were we we we we we we we we we were we were we were we were we were just uh uh well so so so so so so so so so so so okay so recording and we're talking about this new track package that came came came came came came came came came out for um I mean you know um I mean well you know um um um um um um um um um the model 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really well well well well well well well well well um I mean uh um well I mean well cool looking new tire. Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours for hours for hours for hours for hours for hours for hours for for for for for for for for for hours for hours for your performance model 3 which already cost so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay like okay well 60 Grand and then you pay five and a a a a a a a a a half Grand more for these new tires um well um okay well you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the the the the the the the the the like you know um well I mean um well so track. It's gotten some awesome reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I okay uh you know you know know know know know know know know know like so like so was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for for for for for for for for for Tesla as sort of this um um you know okay um okay so you you you you you you you you you know luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services okay I I I I I I I I I mean so uh well okay uh well that sort of Die Hard fans and like like like like like like like like like Tesla nerds would love and the track package uh uh so like I mean well well well well well well well well well I mean okay is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to to to to to to to to to be telling okay um you know uh uh uh I mean you know you you you you you you you you you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use you know I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean you know uh like you know for any type of podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your I mean well you know you know well well well well well well well well well I mean so uh phone computer or any other device to record it. And once once once once once once once once once you post the um you know like so um so so um podcast, it it it it it it it it it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your uh I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean so well okay so podcast more exposure and to help help help help help help help help help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you so like you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh you know need in one place and it is the best platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform to create. Any type of well well okay um um well I mean well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so you know I mean um okay is Braden. It's a hybrid hybrid hybrid hybrid hybrid hybrid hybrid hybrid hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think okay well so well well well well well well well well well so I mean um so anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to to to to to to to to to talk about you know um um well I mean I mean well well the combine that just happened and and and and and and and and and how the Panthers are going to get the best I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like um I mean like okay pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, how's hello, how's it going? It is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies flies flies flies flies flies flies flies flies when you're like like so okay well so uh well having fun. Isn't that that that that that that that that that right? Having a having a having a having a having a having a having having having having having having having having having a having a having a blast here today shows a good I mean you know know know know know know know know know I mean you know you know uh so I mean one. Nice Feel Good Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful so um okay um okay well you you you you you you you you you know you know fashion. We have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play play play play play play play play play from the New well you know you know so I mean well I I I I I I I I I mean well Orleans Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer from so so well uh I mean like um so has a very good good good good good good good good good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all uh like um um um um um um um um um um okay okay like so the other conversation that you could potentially want to hear about about about about about about about about about life. We can't thank you I mean uh okay okay uh like okay well enough for for for for for for for for for choosing to listen to this show. I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean you could do a a a a a a a a a lot like uh you know like like well um you know of other things with with with with with with with with with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people say you like you you you you you you you you you know so so uh um like uh shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them them them them them them them them them. I use I use I use I use I use I use I use I I I I I I I I I use I use Q-tips all the time. I love I love I love love love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love I love I love you you you you you you you you you know uh you know well um well okay so me too. I love Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the well you know like well well well well well well well well well uh you know um well way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips is that you push it in um uh you know okay like so you you you you you you you you you know well there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have have you have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, look no further so like um well like um you know so. If If If If If If If If If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you if you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a you you you you you you you you you know so so like like so um I mean podcast. Literally it's free. There's no no no no no no no no no monthly minimum. You don't have to uh I mean like okay like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know pay to host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record record record record record record record record record and so okay uh like you know well so like edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast so uh well well well well well well well well well well uh you know you know uh for you. So you don't have to mindlessly mindlessly mindlessly mindlessly mindlessly mindlessly mindlessly mindlessly mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS uh you know so um I I I I I I I I I mean okay um uh feed to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for for for for for for for for for you you know well like um like you know like um and you can can can can can can can can can make money. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you you you you you know so I mean so okay I mean so okay that you want in a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place. You have something to say I mean okay okay well so so so so so so so so so um like I mean you want to get it out. You want to write write write write write write write write write a note just upload okay um um uh well you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and turn on your anchor app on your phone and hit record and and and and and and and and and save notes okay well so uh you know I mean so uh to your your your your your your your your your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's you know uh um you know you know okay you know like the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um so well you know I mean uh free this creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so so uh well from your phone, or you can do do do do do do do do do it from your computer. Anchor we uh I mean so like like okay like uh do do do do do do do do do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well um like so okay like well uh Google podcast Spotify and many more on on on on on on on on on top of that. You can actually earn money I mean um well um well well well well well well well well well I mean okay you know from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast so okay well uh uh um so so so so so so so so so so and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f f f f f I mean like well well well I mean uh okay m-- to get started started started started started started started started started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast so um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh like so that allows people like you and me to invest our our our our our our our our our money in the more uh like uh like I mean you know um I mean entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but you know well well well well well well well well well like like I mean well you know um I make most of my money money money money money money money money money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting so you know you know like like like like like like like like like okay so so so down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn my process the lessons. I've well so well well okay um like well learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to you you you you you you you you you know uh like okay so uh um um the show. It's your your your your your your your your your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be don't be don't be don't be don't be don't be don't be be be be be be be be be don't be don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my my my my my my my my my I mean okay um like like okay um okay guarantee but like buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know so I mean uh covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just just just just just just just just just use our code. That's KU Z um I mean like you know uh well you know know know know know know know know know I mean AZ and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full full full full full full full full full code. Just listen like like you know you know so you know um well well well well well well well well well to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to to to to to to to to to uh uh so I mean well you know um you know good answers. Hi, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with uh you know know know know know know know know know well okay um I mean uh like us on good desert has a podcast for for for for for for for for for and bike Millennials and address. Hello like uh uh um um I mean like like like like like like like like like uh. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're I I I I I I I I I mean like you know like well uh you know okay listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting I mean you know well you know like like well um down the top 31 Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event so um um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um like comes to us from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Was Was Was Was Was Was Was Was Won by an Unstoppable you know okay okay like well well um so group group group group group group group group group of youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh like like like um um until deceptions of age and geography came to to to to to to to to to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events okay so you know well um um um um um um um um um um okay you know from history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness special listen free on so like uh um like um uh okay Spotify or or or or or or or or or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the the the the the the the the the you know well well well um you know um so most well-known event in international international international international international international international international international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its its its its its its its its its 73 year history. The tournament the tournament the tournament the tournament the tournament the tournament the tournament the tournament the tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read don't read don't read don't read don't read don't read don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't read don't read don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He He He He He He He He He clearly he clearly he clearly he clearly he clearly he clearly he clearly he clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly he clearly declares some 91 well okay so okay um so I mean well well well well well well well well well over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so um um okay uh blood of Jesus that if the virus is a a a a a a a a a wave around and tries to uh so so um um okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean even come close. The fault the fault the fault the fault the fault fault fault fault fault fault fault fault fault the fault the fault the fault the fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk too much like uh uh well I mean like uh okay about did you hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear this more people are dying now and this was happening uh um you know know know know know know know know know so so you know well uh is coming close some of already coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming to India. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know whether uh well like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know I mean it's going to come to Hyderabad don't invite is not not not not not not not not not a good guest is okay I mean so uh well like well like like like like like like like like like that it kicked out of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and everybody and everybody and everybody and everybody and everybody and everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody and everybody and everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the the the the the the the the the Disney College podcast like well I mean um I mean well okay well well well well well well well well well. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here here here here here I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on on on on on on on on on I mean uh so you know you know uh um like this episode we are are are are are are are are are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind so um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so like so of diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it it it it it it it it it crazy roommate stories. I like I like I like I like I like I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I mean you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh you know have a feeling that this is going to be be be be be be be be be a serious. So we'll call you know uh well like I mean you know know know know know know know know know so I mean it vol 1 but cat you want to so who were your your your your your your your your your roommates and I mean okay you know okay uh like okay you know what happened? happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well you know well I mean well four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are chances are chances are chances are chances are chances are chances are chances are chances chances chances chances chances chances chances chances chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay uh I mean so just what would that look like? Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, this is a very small part of what so um like so so um um um um um um um um um uh okay we are talking about in today's episode. So let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's get things started started started started started started started started started. The coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus um okay like like uh like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean is the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it it it it it it it it it well okay um you know well okay I mean um in some detail from from from from from from from from from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well you know I mean well uh well I want to talk less about about about about about about about about about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the um uh um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know financial emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is having on well so uh you know well you know uh I mean so so so so so so so so so everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me well um um um um um um um um um okay I mean so okay like okay P frog. Hey guys, welcome to to to to to to to to to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's uh it's uh it's uh it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh like um uh you know know know know know know know know know like okay I mean called ammo no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have rediscovered frickin 90s rap okay well so so uh so so you know brother. I I I I I I I I I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard I I I I I I I I I heard I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's so so so so so so so so so you know you know okay so you know okay uh for you man. I I I I I I I I I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome so you you you you you you you you you know well well you know well like uh to the Moa. No photo show. We We We We We We We We We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, I mean well uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know so but also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all all all all all all all all all day, but we were a gangster um well um you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be be be be be be be be be so don't get enough social um you know I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, I well um uh I mean so like so uh love Snoop Snoop Snoop Snoop Snoop Snoop Snoop Snoop Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway so anyway so anyway so anyway so anyway so anyway so so so so so so so so so anyway so anyway so anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes like um uh I mean well I mean um you know whipping down the the the the the the the the the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean so okay like. But now I know it's also the ancestral ancestral ancestral ancestral ancestral ancestral ancestral ancestral ancestral home of two warring American factions those you know so like so you know well um um um um um um um um um so no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature literature literature literature literature literature literature literature literature. I'm I mean okay I mean like um you know um uh your host host host host host host host host host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it like so you know know know know know know know know know you know like um you know um I mention it on Twitter and and and and and and and and and it gets love letters. So with so with so with so with so with so with with with with with with with with with so with so with so with me today um you know um like so um um um um um um um um um so you know is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am am am am am am am am am really um you know like um so you know so um good. I'm really good good good good good good good good good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on um I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean um well because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your your your your your your your your your host. Dr uh dr uh dr uh dr uh dr uh dr uh dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr uh dr uh dr uh I mean okay uh so like well like. Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Perry. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm well so so so so so so so so so uh I mean um so well uh also the founder of the online group group group group group group group group group therapy platform model that care. I love I love I love I love I I I I I I I I I love I love I love I love I love helping people okay um like like like like like like like like like you know uh uh uh like overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please please please please please please please please please join us each week as we share okay well um well well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety you you you you you you you you you know I mean so well well uh okay well OCD mood disorders and stress will will will will will will will will will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like and you know okay I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh you know feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears fears fears fears fears fears fears fears fears and okay well well okay like uh you know well find that despite their their their their their their their their their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful life um okay so so so so so so so so so okay uh so I mean um with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to to to to to to to to to find and reinforce you know so uh I mean you know well well you know know know know know know know know know what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where like okay I I I I I I I I I mean so uh I mean so I mean their stock my model for Psychotherapy can can can can can can can can can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated to Rio um okay uh I mean I mean I mean I mean so help help help help help help help help help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa Sosa Sosa Sosa Sosa Sosa Sosa Sosa Sosa okay you know well I mean uh okay okay so of holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through okay you you you you you you you you you know um you know like like so so the mind and body. This week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author I mean so okay um um um um um um um um um okay okay I mean well Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches she teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches she teaches she teaches she teaches she teaches she teaches she teaches she teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping I mean so I mean I mean okay um um um um um um um um um well so others find their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing writing writing writing writing writing writing writing writing rooted in trust without shame uh you know um I mean uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay. She is the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul uh well well well well well well well well well I mean like um like um uh and my all-time favorite the today I affirm affirm affirm affirm affirm affirm affirm affirm affirm Journal which I have to be you know you know um so okay you you you you you you you you you know um so honest has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think so so so so so so so so so okay well well like uh well I mean fags. When big bank and DJ Scream Scream Scream Scream Scream Scream Scream Scream Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of well um like so I mean you know know know know know know know know know well I mean DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion big you know so uh well like okay I mean you know bank. We We We We We We We We We got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, so like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you how you how you how how how how how how how how how you how you how you how you how you how you feeling, bro? Feeling good good good good good good good good good. Just nod his head ha you know you know well um um okay you you you you you you you you you know well ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is is is is is is is is is just a so I mean you know okay so I mean okay I mean conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't um okay like well well I mean you know well women man talk real talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, but one thing you got to do we know you know you know so so so so so so so so so well like uh uh so you're going to do is just addition is swear that that that that that that that that that you going to tell the I mean you know like you know I I I I I I I I I mean so so you know truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big big big big big big big big big fast tradition. Can so like uh like like I mean like you know you do that? that that that that that that that that Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last time uh okay you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean so so like we talked it was just just just just just just just just just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper okay uh um well uh so so so so so so so so so so I mean and how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts parts parts parts parts parts parts parts parts of uh um you know I mean um um uh so it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life okay you know know know know know know know know know I mean well I mean you know you know okay podcast today. I'm going to to to to to to to to to be bringing on a friend of mine this uh well like uh you know um um um um um um um um um um so woman and I met let's see here probably close to or right right right right right right right right right at ten I mean well uh well okay you know like uh years years years years years years years years years ago. It's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard it's hard it's hard it's hard to believe that now we always always always always always always always always always shared interest in all like well like you know well uh you know I mean things things things things things things things things things Natural Health. All of all of all of all of all of all all all all all all all all all of all of all of all of that kind of thing usually is what what what what what what what what what we would okay okay okay okay you know you know I mean well well well well well well well well well talk about when we get together. She's since moved away and We've just just just just just just just just just so okay like so okay so so so kind of we haven't chatted in in in in in in in in in a while, but it was really great uh so you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well so to record this episode. She has spent the last several several several several several several several several several years studying herbs. Actually, she actually, she actually, she actually, she actually, she she she she she she she she she actually, she actually, she actually, she actually, she um okay well um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay was already pretty into it whenever I met her and she has has has has has has has has has spent all these so you know you know uh you know like I mean I I I I I I I I I mean years doing that. So she's going to share some of her knowledge of herbs herbs herbs herbs herbs herbs herbs herbs herbs I mean so like you know so so so uh and we had a a a a a a a a a really good discussion. I have to apologize that I have like like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay well I mean not figured out yet, which I need to do do do do do do do do do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we truly believe that the best of I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um I mean okay so uh you know you are those those those those those those those those those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And like like like like like like like like like okay well I mean so I mean like you know we are your hosts for for for for for for for for for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what what what what what what what what what joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome like well so like okay uh okay okay to this week's episode of of of of of of of of of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can uh so so I mean like like like like like like like like like um well uh smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks out the well um well I mean well okay I mean um weekends for the freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want to uh well so well like well well well well well well well well well uh uh tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in in in in in in in in in Iowa City at well well you know um so um uh you know Gabe's and and and and and and and and and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in Detroit Michigan okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay you know I mean okay like uh at electricity and both of of of of of of of of of those shows are on the E - a store. I've always like um so so so so so so so so so like uh okay well okay wanted to play electricity. If really really really really really really really really really really excited to play that venue but today on you know okay like uh well you know know know know know know know know know well okay the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why why why why why why why why why it's okay to so so like you know so so um uh fuck up up up up up up up up up. Let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get let's get let's get into this week's episode. Are the are the are the the the the the the the the the are the are the are the are the are the are the podcast and and and and and and and and and the intro so you know okay I mean you know I mean you know so so so so so so so so so song this week is actually a song that a fan sent in that. I I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think think I think like I mean so you know so so okay I mean all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need I need I need I need I need I need I need I need I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard okay okay like uh I mean you know well um towards Ascension. So you you you you you you you you you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh um so uh joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are are are are are are are are are going to talk about the so I mean so well well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before but but but but but but but but but before but before but before but before but before but before but before but but but but but but but but but before we do, I I mean well you know okay uh okay uh you know know know know know know know know know thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean so okay so okay doing. I am doing fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about so well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like okay so the woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a a a a a a a a a A half I mean so like so you know you know um uh hours just just just just just just just just just about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back well I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh so okay I mean like where they take it where he takes takes takes takes takes takes takes takes takes 18 pages of material and talks so well so uh well okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh about that for two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made um um um um um um um um um okay okay well um uh like uh was I forgot that Australian summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer summer time and North American summer time do not well you know well I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you know well well occur at the same time. So I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm like, let's figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure out a time to well um so well like uh well um record what will will will will will will will will will be good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I so I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean so uh well well work backwards and like I can wake wake wake wake wake wake wake wake wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional content about the I mean okay well well like like I mean uh world world world world world world world world world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious okay I mean um well okay well I mean so subjects every week in in in in in in in in in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring the most like like you know know know know know know know know know okay okay um you know well fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network. We've collected short like like like I mean you know okay okay I I I I I I I I I mean clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas. Ideas, like motivation uh okay I mean well so like well like method and Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can uh like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh uh you know find these original episodes for free on Spotify or or or or or or or or or wherever you listen um you know uh like uh okay so you know to to to to to to to to to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description you know know know know know know know know know um so uh uh uh well um today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates what what what what what what what what what motivates what motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're well so um um um um um um um um um like okay well um you know back with an update on the the the the the the the the the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In uh in uh in uh in uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh in uh in uh in uh in uh in uh like I mean you you you you you you you you you know um so like like the last few weeks in new cases of the the the the the the the the the virus have been going up well well well so you know I mean okay like like like like like like like like like and up as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over so so so so so so so so so you know um I mean well I mean um I mean 3,000 debt and the the the the the the the the the virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh you know okay countries now affected and we're starting to feel it it it it it it it it it here in the US just you know okay I mean I mean well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know this week the World Health Organization put out an estimate of how how how how how how how how how deadly this uh okay like like so uh you know like virus is with headlines headlines headlines headlines headlines headlines headlines headlines headlines saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so so well you know you know like get it worldwide. So just just just just just just just just just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020. Our podcast our podcast our podcast our podcast our podcast our podcast our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast our podcast our podcast is um um you know like like you know like you you you you you you you you you know based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of of of of of of of of of things going like well you know um I mean like okay uh wrong and what we we we we we we we we we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to uh uh um like like like like like like like like like you know you know you know okay discuss failings in their life both in in in in in in in in in their personal life and in their well I mean I mean um like like like like like like like like like I mean you know so career showing how much you can grow from from from from from from from from from things that maybe haven't gone to um like like I mean like you know I I I I I I I I I mean uh plan. So, my so, my so, my so, my so, my so, my so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, my so, my so, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the so okay you know um I mean okay uh I mean host host host host host host host host host for this episode today. I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have the lovely off Neil Blake with uh you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean uh like okay I mean me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel I mean well I mean well I mean like so um. I love tennis. I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm Marky I'm Marky I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Marky I'm Marky I'm Marky I'm Marky I'm Marky I'm Marky I'm Marky okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like so um like you know filter. What's that? Welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX 93.1 and uh um um um um um um um um um um uh um like well well good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling very well Queen Hazel so um um uh uh like okay okay. And so he's chilling chilling chilling chilling chilling chilling chilling chilling chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi um like well um you you you you you you you you you know you know you know so. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure as you you you you you you you you you know so okay um uh uh well okay hell should by now sitting here here here here here here here here here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you well well uh um uh okay like like like like like like like like like um here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass glass glass glass glass glass glass glass glass on the well well uh I mean uh uh like I mean ones and twos and the the the the the the the the the man the solution to our audio that is like okay I mean you you you you you you you you you know so um so uh Tyler on the dice today rocking and rolling were excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited. To have you uh well uh so like uh so like here Tuesday after Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All um well like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean you know right, folks. Hang right with us here time to to to to to to to to to pay the bills just to let you I mean uh um okay so so so so so so so so so well um well folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30. Cuts and Nick's are officially um like I mean well so well like so a thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced I mean um you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh well um like Skin safe technology. So you keep your your your your your your your your your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You You You You You You You You You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one one one one one one one one one uh um you know so well I mean uh so of the most most most most most most most most most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals um I mean um um um um um um um um um I mean um um you know you know imprisoned there with a worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others you know like like like like like like like like like um I mean you know like so uh for death. By that time time time time time time time time time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a uh well like um well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow um like okay you know uh you know um I mean far greater as the the the the the the the the the years rolled on. But there was one man on death um okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean um you know row in 1921 who had escaped the the the the the the the the the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who I mean uh okay so uh like you know know know know know know know know know you know is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage rage rage rage rage rage rage rage rage. He was so well well uh you know you know you know well granted a a a a a a a a a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the I mean well I mean uh okay so okay like reason you don't talk to to to to to to to to to an old friend or one of your parents anymore. Their Amorous crime so well um so so so so so so so so so okay well well um has cost them your trust and respect in some cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases. It's even it's even it's even it's even it's even it's even it's even even even even even even even even even it's even it's even more personal perhaps uh well I mean like like well I I I I I I I I I mean like you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been been been been been been been been been the cheater, but um okay uh okay you know like you know well no you've never cheated cheated cheated cheated cheated cheated cheated cheated cheated and you never will. It right after all you're in a uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um uh like good relationship and the thought of betraying your your your your your your your your your current partner seems impossible until uh so uh well um um well you know know know know know know know know know one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us us us us us us us us us like um okay well like so so like go to youtube.com slash read it readers readers readers readers readers readers readers readers readers or click the link in the description below. Thank okay you know I mean you you you you you you you you you know so so um so you so much for listening. Hey everyone, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, and welcome back to our / Petty um well I mean so um like uh well well well well well well well well well Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so you know I mean okay uh okay dared to cross them them them them them them them them them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay so well okay. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to to to to to to to to to the details may be a bit I mean well um uh like you know know know know know know know know know okay uh fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother was just graduating so I mean like like well well um I mean high school school school school school school school school school. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so Working with so I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay you know so um well a recruiter and events would be organized for for for for for for for for for all the new recruits to hang you know okay so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event such event such such such such such such such such such event such event such event such event such event such event such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it what what what what what what what what what it what it what it what it what it what it what it what it it it it it it it it it was that so um um so so well well so again is after credits after after after after after after after after after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love like you know know know know know know know know know okay like I mean okay I mean I mean you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce and like okay uh well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my my my my my my my my my gosh okay uh well okay I mean you know okay well. Basically, this basically, this basically, this this this this this this this this this basically, this basically, this basically, this basically, this basically, this basically, this is the first first first first first first first first first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh my well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean well I mean uh God. Okay, the basic structure. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that that that that that that that that that is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin I'm Erin I'm Erin I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Erin I'm Erin I'm Erin I'm Erin I'm Erin I'm Erin and you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to uh so um like okay you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be be be be be be be be be discussing uh I mean okay well uh um okay I mean the creative like like like like like like like like like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk I mean well well well well well well well well well um okay okay um so so about what it's like to express ourselves and share share share share share share share share share stories through our respective okay um you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you know okay you know creative Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but but but but but but but but but will also be featuring well okay like like like well so well other artists on this this this this this this this this this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, okay uh like like like like like like like like like well well okay so like be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about about about about about about about about about gold so um so I mean well uh well okay. Go touch an intraday high of of of of of of of of of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars um well I mean you you you you you you you you you know okay like you know well per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High High High High High High High High High a level not seen since like I mean uh I mean okay so well like 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 January 2013. The question the question the question the question the question the question the question question question question question question question question question the question the question of most people's minds right now is can go beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat um I mean well I mean okay I mean uh like his record high high high high high high high high high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record high high high high high high high high high I mean well like um well um uh so of 1920 $1.17 has has has has has has has has has not Closed in his den, or at least until now. I you know like like like like like like like like like you know so uh well so so think it is first important to understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand what drove prices to those sites in 2011 I mean well I mean well well well well well well well well well um I mean well so. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a starting a starting a starting a starting a starting a starting a starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting a starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges a you know um um so like like well um lot of obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um okay uh like well uh of 26 years. I'm here to guide you you you you you you you you you join me as I go along well like I mean I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business um um um um um um um um um I mean you know I mean okay okay like I mean mentor? Hey, have hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, have hey, have hey, have hey, have hey, have hey, have hey, have hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began began began began began began began began began uh I mean well well so I mean uh you know my podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to well you know know know know know know know know know like well I mean like so uh do it in general when I was was was was was was was was was trying to browse. It was so complicated um like um uh you know uh like like like like like like like like like I mean so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful awful awful awful awful awful awful awful awful. As always. My name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name I mean well okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so uh is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't say the okay well well so I mean I mean so you know thing, which which which which which which which which which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you just just just just just just just just just um I mean you know well I mean uh you know uh skipped it we we we we we we we we we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why like you know I I I I I I I I I mean so um like I mean well would I say this if there's no no no no no no no no no guests today? That is true. We don't we don't we don't we don't we don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't we don't we don't we don't we don't okay I mean I mean so so like like like like like like like like like I mean uh have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was was was was was was was was was wondering when the guest was going to turn well well um uh uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be nice just the the the the the the the the the two of well I mean okay um okay well well um us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a a a a a a a a a great show so okay um well well um um like for you guys today Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market um um like um you know know know know know know know know know so well so today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will will will will will will will will will the Savage like you know I mean um okay well I mean you know on on on on on on on on on this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty that's pretty that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's pretty that's pretty that's pretty that's pretty that's pretty that's pretty that's pretty Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage um uh you know you know so like well uh so money update two episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes you know well uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean well. I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang Chang Chang Chang Chang Chang Chang Chang Chang it's still we're almost so um I mean so you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay at five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I I I I I I I I I think we can well well so you know so okay um so probably Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome like well like okay uh uh you know well. We can we can we we we we we we we we we can we can we can we can we can we can we can buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well well so I mean those not like a beef stick or this this this this this this this this this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can I mean okay um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh well see ya Takin darts at a dart for the the the the the the the the the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So okay so okay so so so you know know know know know know know know know so this is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool five um I mean I mean like you know um well um for for for for for for for for for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would we would we would we we we we we we we we we would we would we would we would we would we would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its well well well well well well well well well you know so so um so I mean okay heroines week and every day we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about real life heroic women from okay um like you know um um well well well well well well well well well uh history start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and and and and and and and and and brush all um I mean okay well um well uh I mean the way to to to to to to to to to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant um um um um um um um um um um I mean so well so um like scientist who helped discover DNA DNA is is is is is is is is is the recipe for all living things and the so you know uh like well uh you know know know know know know know know know you know scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science science science science science science science science science as a uh well I mean so you know okay so like young girl. She grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one uh you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um uh uh of the only schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was was was was was was was was was a teenager she you know you know you know okay I mean like so so so so so so so so so uh decided she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this uh uh well well well well well well well well well you know like so like well is our podcast. I wanted to thank you you you you you you you you you for joining us today. Hope this hope this hope this hope this hope this hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope this hope this hope this hope this so uh okay so so okay okay um um um um um um um um um inspires you hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to well well well well well well well well well okay like okay like okay um like see God is moving in your life. Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy the message. So thankful that uh um okay you know so um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you're here today and I am going to go ahead I normally have you stand so so so so so so so so so I mean so I mean I mean so you know um to read the the the the the the the the the scripture is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit you know like so you you you you you you you you you know I mean like well like down and we'll take it slow. God bless bless bless bless bless bless bless bless bless you. My scripture from today's well okay you know you know I mean I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know point of view is Acts chapter 11. This sermon sermon sermon sermon sermon sermon sermon sermon sermon will probably take two weeks um like okay you know I mean like like well well well well well well well well well to preach. We did it last night. The Lord showed up. I thought he he he he he he he he he you know I mean okay you know uh uh well like did till nobody said said said said said said said said said there was here last night. Yeah. To me to me to me to me to to to to to to to to to me to me to me to me to me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to to to to to to to to to um okay like okay like okay well um this audio podcast. I am am am am am am am am am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well um you know um uh well interactive online community of artists and thinkers centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered centered around this content that I create and curate like um um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well uh online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline tagline tagline tagline tagline tagline tagline tagline tagline for phenomenology um like so well okay well you know uh club and the subtitle subtitle subtitle subtitle subtitle subtitle subtitle subtitle subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like uh uh uh uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page page page page page page page page page. If you're interested in interacting with those as they like so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so I mean happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications notifications notifications notifications notifications notifications notifications notifications notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and I mean so I mean like you know uh uh like like like like like like like like like in general to learn more about our club what we do and how like so you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know you know you know uh you can become a member member member member member member member member member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to well like you know like okay um so well take a brief moment today to to to to to to to to to let you know about the easiest way possible to start I mean you know know know know know know know know know so uh okay well so well your very own podcast. Some of some some some some some some some some some of some of some of some of some of some of some of some of of of of of of of of of the more important aspects are actually having a service to I mean uh I mean so so so so so so so so so I mean well like well host and distribute the show as well as as as as as as as as as software to record each episode for the well okay I mean you know uh um you know know know know know know know know know um longest time. I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually I actually I actually I actually I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and have a like I mean well uh um uh so uh distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried to record record record record record record record record record but not like like so like well um so um anymore anchor gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast well like like so so so so so so so so so so um so like for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone. Not only that anchor so uh well I mean uh like so um actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know uh well so okay serious about starting your own podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download okay uh you know you you you you you you you you you know I mean um so so the anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that that that that that that that that that the I mean like so um so um um um dead ass girls park park park park park park park park park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest way you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so okay okay well you know to make a podcast and they give you you you you you you you you you everything you need in one place well well I mean so like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean for free. That's right. They give it to you you you you you you you you you for free, but you can use I mean you know so like like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools to allow well um so I mean well well I mean well you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also will uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh so uh well well um help you distribute the podcast if you want to to to to to to to to to grow the dead-ass family well like I mean like uh I mean um um um um um um um um um I mean like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many like um I mean like I mean uh um so more more more more more more more more more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast with like like like like like like like like like okay uh okay uh like uh I mean no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor that FM well so uh um so um okay like to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a a a a a a a a a so you know uh well well okay okay so fond farewell at least in in in in in in in in in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar like okay um okay like like like like like like like like like well well um. Amy Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared endeared endeared endeared endeared endeared endeared endeared endeared herself to me I mean uh so like you know um I mean like like like like like like like like like. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well so you know so I mean like viable as a candidate it seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between um well well well well well well well well well I mean you know okay I mean okay well Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I okay so like um um um um um um um um um uh like so you know am here. This is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is our season 2 midseason midseason midseason midseason midseason midseason midseason midseason midseason recap episode. We're going to go um I mean so like um okay um well back to to to to to to to to to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I I I I I I I I I thought you know uh well um okay well you know I mean this was a good stopping point point point point point point point point point after episode 9 it kind you know I mean I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know uh um you know of I felt like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable sustainable sustainable sustainable sustainable sustainable sustainable sustainable sustainable development so I mean you know okay I mean you know like so goals in in in in in in in in in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here to um um um um um um um um um so well um um like uh so take you along the sdg ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast. Planning for so um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know I mean okay resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years years years years years years years years years to actually build it so I mean so well okay you know so well well well well well well well well well. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population 25 25 25 25 25 25 25 25 25 years like so um um I mean like like well later and you know similar similar similar similar similar similar similar similar similar to what many things happen in the world. We well so you know uh like like like like like like like like like okay so uh usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up up up up up up up up up working out for object data well okay you know um like like uh so is currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is um um um um um um um um um okay well I mean well I mean so well pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a a a a a a a a a thesis around the water energy Nexus. This I mean so uh like you know you you you you you you you you you know like uh is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if if if if if if if if if you're if you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our our our our our our our our our show notes, well um so I mean you know um well um so three years years years years years years years years years. I started I started I started I started I started I started I started started started started started started started started started I started I started listening to you and I was in a transitional you you you you you you you you you know so okay you know well okay uh I mean phase and I had a a a a a a a a a dream to start a business and I had been had so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know uh so um that dream for about 15 years and I I I I I I I I I think it was in my vibrational I mean so like um well well okay well escrow escrow escrow escrow escrow escrow escrow escrow escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left um so I I I I I I I I I mean okay like I mean okay okay a really high profile job, and I did did did did did did did did did and I started a business so well well you know uh well so so so so so so so so so well. And for two years, I worked hard to get it off the ground and and and and and and and and and well well okay I mean so okay well okay I was more lying than than than than than than than than than I've ever been aligned with anything in my life so well well so so um well well well well well well well well well well. And I and I and I and I and I and I I I I I I I I I and I and I and I got so aligned and the business started and and and and and and and and and I got everything I I mean like um uh you know um so you know know know know know know know know know wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in a way more more more more more more more more more than I like well okay uh so like well um could have ever asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked asked for no not more than you could have ever asked um I mean like like like like like like like like like well uh okay um um for us in a way that I did ask for for for for for for for for for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody that you know, you well so you know okay so okay like well done done done done done done done done done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a conversation. You uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so you know okay um like know, I'm saying the only only only only only only only only only moment y'all have is because we're just here to well uh okay um well well well well well well well well well like well like serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart apart apart apart apart apart apart apart apart. So it's like we're I mean you know okay uh um like um so you can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you know was a success well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay okay so like well not enough to sustain it. I don't think think think think think think think think think it was enough because we just so you know so like so um okay so so so so so so so so so weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make you you you you you you you you you know, uh um so uh you know um you know um a lot of of of of of of of of of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that it's just a okay um um um um um um um um um I mean uh well well okay well bunch of idiots run wild a a a a a a a a a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm you you you you you you you you you know you know well uh like um well well your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina is I mean so I mean so so so so so so so so so I mean so okay okay available those challenges are now available for you to start start start start start start start start start doing so that you like you know I mean well I mean I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you know can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is he is he is he is he is is is is is is is is is he is he is he is he is the big fella from the big big big big big big big big big North. We have okay so um so I mean I mean um okay brought him in in in in in in in in in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit okay uh like well so so so so so so so so so um uh well Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week week week week week week week week week. Have you uh well okay uh like so you know I mean seen this type of of of of of of of of of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um uh I mean okay you know like it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix mix of Obama's beige okay okay well so um you know well well suit and and and and and and and and and a J.Crew model. It's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like uh okay like like okay is dialed in and now what it it it it it it it it it what is the flower there? It's a lapel um okay okay well well well well well well well well well well well like so Rob. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a a a a a a a a a little spice. So you I mean okay well um I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like I mean are and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you keep um okay okay okay you know uh uh like getting me right before before before before before before before before before my work shifts. So well, so well, so well, so well, so well, so well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, so well, so well, so well, so what we're going to do um um um um um um um um um um okay well um you know um so here again, we got a couple action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big before um uh so you know um um um um um um um um um um so so anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode um um um um um um um um um so okay you know you know so so you know of the Ike Box podcast. We We We We We We We We We have a great show for you guys today. My name like uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like uh is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going going going going going going going going going to be um okay like I mean uh like uh well a solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is well you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well well well in a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So So So So So So So So So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so we're so we're so we're uh well uh like well like so uh going going going going going going going going going to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like like I mean you know um okay consider this to be the the the the the the the the the biggest matchup of the year. It's on it's on it's on it's on it's on on on on on on on on on it's on it's on it's on it's on the Lakers okay I mean uh well well well well well well well well well um um so um home turf at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We We We We We We We We We all know what happened uh well so okay uh okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay last time the Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know so uh uh uh the Pfizer form and it is the infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what so um uh uh uh uh so so so so so so so so so you know headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk I I I I I I I I I mean like you know so you know uh you know so about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean I mean so uh I mean so a good point and gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives you everything you need in one place for free and well um uh um like like like like like like like like like like well so you can use it right from your phone or computer at at at at at at at at at anchor you can record like uh okay well like you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as uh um um um um um um um um um okay you know I mean well so like good as my voice or you can upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload a podcast that you might have you know so so well um I mean so so so so so so so so so well recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it it it it it it it it it um you know uh um so you know like like can Be heard everywhere Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make um uh so you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with with with with with with with with with anchor right? well well um you know uh okay like I mean No minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- like I I I I I I I I I mean like uh like well well you know right now. Yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would would would would would would would would would like uh I mean like you know okay um so be settled down with with with with with with with with with a family trying to make the best of life uh like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so uh during wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to to to to to to to to to a well uh so I mean um you know you know uh warm meal with with with with with with with with with a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean you know well like like and grueling 50-mile bicycle Journey despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite the chill of the night are sweat so well okay um uh um you you you you you you you you you know uh glistened on her forehead as she peddles along the share river in France France France France France France France France France her okay okay well well I mean so you know so bike kicked up dust dust dust dust dust dust dust dust dust as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river like like like like like like like like like well you know so like well uh I mean a bridge came into view German German German German German German German German German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple like okay like like like like like like like like like um well so so um that bridge was the fastest route across the river river river river river river river river river a straight shot to deliver okay I mean uh I mean like well you you you you you you you you you know so the vital message. She carried she carried she carried she carried carried carried carried carried carried carried carried carried she carried she carried she carried she carried she carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and night night night night night night night night night toothbrushing so so I mean um so okay well okay show start brushing on the the the the the the the the the top of your mouth and brush in little circles all the okay I mean well well well well well well well well well like well I mean you know uh way around each tube. It's heroines week. And And And And And And And And And today we're talking about a courageous woman um well so I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania is an an an an an an an an an island well uh um I mean okay okay um um near Australia. There's a a a a a a a a a group of people they're called the palala the Paulo were the uh you know well well well well well well well well well I mean like um you know well first people to live on that island island island island island island island island island and tricking Nene was one of the palala well um uh uh so like you know know know know know know know know know well people switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your your your your your your your your your mouth and you know I mean I mean like like uh I mean I mean brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush the molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter of a leader well well well well well well well well well okay um um like so I mean I mean and love living on on on on on on on on on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, well I mean uh so you know so uh okay it's the Partnerships that we've had had had had had had had had had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are so you know um um um um um um um um um uh so you know um okay going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so excited. I mean this so well okay okay uh you know um like is is is is is is is is is I think the first time ever right we able to combine uh uh you know know know know know know know know know uh well um you know you know everybody together and it's awesome. Right? So while while while while while while while while while so while so while so while so while so while so while so while so so so so so so so so so while we're at hair Love retreat in uh like um you know uh so so so so so so so so so you know okay May we're going to be we're going to be there with with with with with with with with with schedule. Is like okay okay well um okay so um he going to be a a a a a a a a a salon? Because of because of because of because of because of because of because of of of of of of of of of because of because of course we going to be there well um well you know know know know know know know know know so well uh I mean with her love Retreats. We really Mega excited about that that that that that that that that that and we have okay so I mean like like uh um well Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is is is is is is is is is going to tell us like all the details because schedule um um so so so so so so so so so okay you know I mean uh okay acidity in the very schedule is is is is is is is is is City way, they're going to schedule okay so okay well like so okay um um um um um um um um um a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away a ticket okay I I I I I I I I I mean you know well uh like well I mean to handle of retreat and and and and and and and and and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us so um well um so you know um um um um um um um um um you know all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule is to you know like okay okay uh I mean so well be so generous to to to to to to to to to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how how how how how how how how how I mean so I mean well so uh you know well we do it here at at at at at at at at at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like like uh you know okay f m-- recording platform super easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's you there's you there's you you you you you you you you you there's you there's you there's you there's you there's you there's you know so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean well so I mean creation tools to allowed you to record and and and and and and and and and edit podcast right from your phone well uh well you know uh okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um I mean you know so I mean I mean app to get started started started started started started started started started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well well you know like um in doubt get the jig out go go go go go go go go go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 so well like you know I I I I I I I I I mean okay um like and save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the pedal so uh uh like uh like okay uh and film podcast bass bass bass bass bass bass bass bass bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills well I mean so you you you you you you you you you know like okay okay so of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office office office office office office office office office is well like uh I mean I mean okay like you know right now and and and and and and and and and every time he needs to make a change she has to so you you you you you you you you you know well you know uh like um well run across the room. Like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's part uh I mean you know I I I I I I I I I mean so so so I mean of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar Rockstar Rockstar Rockstar Rockstar Rockstar Rockstar Rockstar Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the well I mean uh well uh um um um um um um um um um like you know startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, I mean, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, that's how y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all record to write. You like I mean so uh okay uh um I I I I I I I I I mean have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it and and and and and and and and and you uh so you know I mean well so okay well have to pull out boogers boogers boogers boogers boogers boogers boogers boogers boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right. My um well um um I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh I mean audio interface is in a big sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy pizza and I do need to dig around so um okay you know you know know know know know know know know know well I mean I mean in there and then I do get if if if if if if if if if I say, you know, if I I mean so okay you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh Koosh Koosh Koosh Koosh Koosh Koosh Koosh Koosh ball at me and so you know uh I mean okay uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a a a a a a a a a okay okay so I mean you know well so okay lot of ballistic force force force force force force force force force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I mean so um so okay okay you know I mean your your your your your your your your your host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well I mean uh I mean so skirt and he's going to join join join join join join join join join us for the ride on the first ever episode so I mean so you know so so so so so so so so so well so um of Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? today today today today today today today today Didn't I mean you know okay uh um um like you know well can't complain Gil Gil Gil Gil Gil Gil Gil Gil Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good um okay I mean you you you you you you you you you know um okay you know so to just come back and relax at home home home home home home home home home. All right, so What do you think uh like well um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um the goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I I I I I I I I I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I have have have have have have have have have no idea. Let me let I mean uh okay um um um you know I I I I I I I I I mean me let me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it it it it it it it it it did um well I mean I mean like like like so start out as a a a a a a a a a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch uh you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay um well of people were just talking about us having having having having having having having having having great voice and we should like uh I mean well so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well like I mean well you know okay your favorite podcast. So So So So So So So So So you never miss an episode like this one or if you become a okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um I mean I mean um uh so premium user you can download the the the the the the the the the episode so you can listen to them offline I mean um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're traveling and also like uh so you know I mean uh um okay you can can can can can can can can can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so um um um um um um um um um so um I mean okay uh uh uh already be sure to download the the the the the the the the the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h um I mean you know you know okay so so so so so so so so so uh uh or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop it I mean okay okay uh uh well uh like with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a a a a a a a a a well you know I mean okay I mean um uh like regular Mom. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had had had had had had had had had um you know I mean you know well uh well okay some shit on my my my my my my my my my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one so uh I mean so so so so so so so so so you know I mean uh I mean of which is the fact that I have have have have have have have have have literally not had a job um okay like okay uh you know so so so so so so so so so uh for the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like um um um um um um um um um I mean um well okay so well uh a gig here and a gig there there there there there there there there there to the disappointment of my mother and my um you know like well well well well well well well well well well um okay I mean bank account. I have not consistently been working and I I I I I I I I I think that's for uh you know so well I mean um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds I mean well well well well well well well well well well like um I mean so okay of the unknown only grow louder and closer and and and and and and and and and you fill your demise is it hand um um well okay like so I I I I I I I I I mean okay you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your your your your your your your your your wake you let um so you know uh you know you know um okay out a a a a a a a a a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your imagination. Suddenly okay suddenly okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay suddenly okay suddenly okay suddenly okay suddenly okay suddenly okay suddenly okay suddenly okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so I mean like um you know well. You feel a cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display display display display display display display display display well well uh um uh well you know okay in El Clasico where Real Madrid Madrid Madrid Madrid Madrid Madrid Madrid Madrid Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that well like well you know you you you you you you you you you know I mean like you know takes them back to the top in La La La La La La La La La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk about a a a a a a a a a you know so I mean uh I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week week week week week week week week week and earlier like so I mean you know um uh well I mean this this this this this this this this this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not you know know know know know know know know know well I mean well okay you know well um posting the full week of workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's simple uh um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like so uh reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts. I know you guys have well like uh you know well you know okay so so so so so so so so so certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are days that that that that that that that that that okay um well like okay so well okay you can make it and and and and and and and and and days. You just can't make it. And that and that and that and that and and and and and and and and and that and that and that and that and that is you know I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so uh like how I want you to plan your week. I don't want want want want want want want want want you to plan well I mean uh okay so uh you know um your your your your your your your your your week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying you know know know know know know know know know um you know well you know so um well to either avoid or or or or or or or or or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast uh um you know well like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean like about the purpose of the program is to to to to to to to to to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a uh um okay you know uh well okay so podcast. Let me explain first first first first first first first first first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you to okay uh uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well I mean record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor okay okay I mean um uh you know uh like would distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for you. So it so it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so so so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um so um okay well um and many many more you can make money money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum so you know okay um you know know know know know know know know know uh so so listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place download the um so uh uh uh like well like free anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM to get started Alright, what's up? okay so like you know so so um you you you you you you you you you know Welcome to another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson okay um uh like um so well you know. Okay, welcome to another edition edition edition edition edition edition edition edition edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century century century century century century century century century I mean like okay well I mean um okay okay BCE. So how how how how how how how how how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of all um I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean okay okay so um time vanish from the historical record? If If If If If If If If If you enjoy this episode and want to hear I mean uh well um you know know know know know know know know know I mean so um more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check check check check check check check check check out par cast presents March Mysteries, um you know well well um uh well you know know know know know know know know know you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like medical Mysteries gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone gone conspiracy theories uh uh uh like okay I mean like I mean and more follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow Park s presents free on Spotify and anywhere you listen uh um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay um well to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public public public public public public public public public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Rory the the the the the the the the the okay you know you know like um like okay okay idiot podcast isn't here this evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening. So we don't really have a thing we uh like I mean you know well so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents accents accents accents accents accents accents accents accents. They'll like I mean okay I mean um okay you know so think hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here okay like um like like like like like like like like like so uh so you know with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um well like um uh talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success success success success success success success success success. So this app take talk has been like you know uh so uh I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a a a a a a a a a really popular app and um you know I mean like you know um you know know know know know know know know know like it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given a a a a a a a a a lot of like um you know you know you know you know like you you you you you you you you you know teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of one of one of of of of of of of of of one of one of one of one of one of one of those teams you you you you you you you you you okay you know um I mean you know uh you know uh might know is is is is is is is is is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so a song that um uh so um um um um um um um um um well well like um you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? Lottery Lottery Lottery Lottery Lottery Lottery Lottery Lottery So if he was like um okay uh well I mean you know like dancing on on on on on on on on on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being um I I I I I I I I I mean like so so well so you know cast a podcast dedicated to discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing the adapters. Titanic's will titanic's will titanic's will titanic's will titanic's will titanic's will titanic's will will will will will will will will will titanic's will titanic's will gain produced by Games okay well um like uh you know know know know know know know know know um uh Workshop. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope um um um um um um um um um you know okay okay uh okay like well this isn't too horrible and still still still still still still still still still trying to find my feet. So I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I hope you are I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean uh uh you know so you know bear with the the the the the the the the the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay like uh and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get get get get get get get get get on with the show in this so um well I mean like um well uh show show show show show show show show show. I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the you know know know know know know know know know okay um well I mean I mean um you know community. I then spend spend spend spend spend spend spend spend spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know so okay um like the basic building blocks of the game game game game game game game game game. I was I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was was I was I was intending to spend some time discussing um like I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um so um how to use them as narrative devices, but following some some some some some some some some some feedback and realizing have well I mean uh well so so well uh a a a a a a a a a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses um um um um um um um um um well uh so okay uh so okay primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode than I initially planned and you'll probably you know so um well um like you know know know know know know know know know well notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug well well well well well well well well well okay so okay I mean I mean um well. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today today today today today today today today today you know you know uh you know I mean like you know so and get access access access access access access access access access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development well you you you you you you you you you know well okay so uh like like productivity business and more listen to them while while while while while while while while while working out or commuting to work like like you know okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go to well like you know uh so um okay okay Quick read.com app and download our our our our our our our our our app for free today. Summary of summary of summary of summary of summary of of of of of of of of of summary of summary of summary of summary of the one our content plan uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know so um well you know well by Miracle, 'then written by by by by by by by by by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex um so uh you know uh well well well well well well well well well I mean um Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised promised promised promised promised promised promised promised promised to give you okay um uh um uh um uh okay a Year's worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you like so so so so so so so so so uh uh uh uh uh you know go all in you need to know exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly how to formulate your plan, you've okay okay okay I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so heard the quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a a a a a a a a a I mean um well like um um you know I mean Southern state flooding flooding flooding flooding flooding flooding flooding flooding flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six feet uh um like like like like like like like like like um okay um like okay deep outside and inside their house one family spent its its its its its its its its its time sitting on the porch roof you know um you know like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to to to to to to to to to notice a nice Straw you know so I mean you know um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who who who who who who who who who lost that well um you know uh I mean well so like hat is is is is is is is is is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around the corner um well well well well well well well well well um uh uh I mean you know well of the house the boy kept kept kept kept kept kept kept kept kept on watching the river suddenly much to his so like I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like um surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current current current current current current current current current. This was this was this was this was this was this was this was this was was was was was was was was was this was obviously very strange I mean okay so like um um um I I I I I I I I I mean. So the so the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the so the so the lad kept his eye on it. It floated it floated floated floated floated floated floated floated floated floated it floated it floated it floated it floated it floated it floated it floated Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream around the corner of the um so like so I mean I mean well you know know know know know know know know know house and came floating back down again after a while. It came back Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream Upstream yet like um um you know well uh well you know again again again again again again again again again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and and and and and and and and and okay you know well I mean you know so um uh Romy. It's a a a a a a a a a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura uh okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well okay well and Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with with with with with with with with with social media. Yeah, you just stumble uh you know like so you know like so so so so so so so so so I mean in on this moment of Genius. Everybody did everybody did everybody did everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody did everybody did everybody did everybody did everybody did everybody did we did to to to to to to to to to there was you know uh you know uh um uh I mean um like a a a a a a a a a sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well uh uh um I mean know something if it's wow, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount like like uh so okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Olympus and it's just the two of us. Discussing the discussing the discussing the the the the the the the the the discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing the discussing the most philosophical explosive explosive explosive explosive explosive explosive explosive explosive explosive I mean like you know um well I mean you know you know ideas of the the the the the the the the the day there are watching us like dance around with a microphone like um uh so so so so so so so so so uh um so like and then we just fade into their lives. I love that that that that that that that that that. I hope that's how so I mean like okay so okay well okay people people people people people people people people people see us in their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well so you know well so well don't you must have a a a a a a a a a lot of scenes that open like that? You're well uh well I mean I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean okay a part of this. Oh, it's just like a a a a a a a a a myth girls like walking kind of you know um you know so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so in we're talking about those are some of my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite scenes like, you know, okay so so I mean like well so so the the the the the the the the the Gonzo's. Well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, it's well, it's well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we we we we we we we we we are you know okay well like you know you know I mean like recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift through okay like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean you know so like okay more often than not not not not not not not not not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual point uh uh uh you you you you you you you you you know well um okay like that we're not sure if it really can can can can can can can can can get into the podcast. We thought we uh you know I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay like might share one of them with you now, but remember if if if if if if if if if you want to so so you know uh I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us your questions and we'll go go go go go go go go go like well um okay um well well um from there. We hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope you you you you you you you you you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I did I did I did I I I I I I I I I did I did I did I did I did I did I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean okay um you know um uh the whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um I mean well I mean okay did like did Miami and then then then then then then then then then sort of come back round again and went into you know you know well I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay well so they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you about like well okay well so you know so okay anchor it's the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me explain it's free you you you you you you you you you know I mean well you know I mean okay uh um. There's creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right well you know um um you know so so so so so so so so so well okay from your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no I mean well so like okay like I mean uh minimum listenership and and and and and and and and and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh like like uh okay well heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and and and and and many more. It's everything. You need to you know uh um well you know know know know know know know know know so okay I mean make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney Walsh and I have have have have have have have have have a special guest um um um like I mean um um um here today. Say Say Say Say Say Say Say Say Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My name my name my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name my name uh I I I I I I I I I mean you know like like well I mean I mean is Katherine. I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So like like so so so so so so so so so so like well like I mean Catherine dances with me. I haven't said the name of our our our our our our our our our company because I mean uh you know okay well uh okay so uh I could could could could could could could could could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so you know okay um um probably accidentally say it but, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you can edit it. I recommended I recommended I recommended I recommended I recommended I recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended I recommended I recommended I recommended that I like like um um like so so so so so so so so so okay um just For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen um okay you know well well I mean like I mean to this. But yeah, but but but but but but but but but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company you know I I I I I I I I I mean uh like well you know um okay. I think it's just it's amazing. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for not not not not not not not not not for not for not for not for not for not for not for not not not not not not not not not for much longer. Not for not for not for not for not for not for not for not for not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up coming up coming up coming up coming up coming up coming up up up up up up up up up coming up coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday I mean okay well well uh you know like like. And I don't think we we we we we we we we we bought it anything. It's dangerous it's dangerous it's dangerous it's dangerous it's dangerous dangerous dangerous dangerous dangerous dangerous dangerous dangerous dangerous it's dangerous it's dangerous it's dangerous it's dangerous to go alone so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um like so okay. So the Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society I mean I mean uh I mean well well well uh. My My My My My My My My My name is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark well well well well well well well well well like uh okay so so I mean um Mitchell. We've got we've got we've got got got got got got got got got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got a good show for for for for for for for for for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the I mean like okay like um well I I I I I I I I I mean so news from the week including a lot of news coming out of of of of of of of of of platinum games and uh um you know you know like okay you know know know know know know know know know like Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so like um you know you know okay Zelda A to Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z. But in but in but in but in but in but in but but but but but but but but but in but in but in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited I mean um you know um uh um so uh. I also love horror movies movies movies movies movies movies movies movies movies and we really like to torture our friends you know uh I mean like well well well well well well well well well you know I mean like High cuz he hates horror movie that I do and and and and and and and and and that's why they call me the well so so you know like like so like like like like like like like like like horror version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no other well well well well well well well well well okay uh I mean I mean okay um um reasons that all you know, I I I I I I I I I know whatever whatever every week we take him I mean um uh you know like so so so so so so so so so well so through the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's Frost's Frost's Frost's Frost's Frost's Frost's Frost's Frost's and um well like uh well well um okay then we make fun of of of of of of of of of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, well okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay um like exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing. And And And And And And And And And I'm the funny one our episodes drop well you know uh so um um um um um um um um um like uh okay on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let um like well well okay well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that that that that that that that that that allow you like like you know you know okay okay uh um to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute um so you you you you you you you you you know like you know I mean you know uh your podcast for you. So it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many um okay um I mean I I I I I I I I I mean like so well more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you um uh uh like you know I mean so well need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well like you know okay I mean I mean go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started today. Welcome to the flip the so uh okay okay so so so so so so so so so so you know um script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller reseller reseller reseller reseller reseller reseller reseller reseller on eBay uh so you know uh like you know you know I mean and and and and and and and and and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you can can can can can can can can can um you know so you know I mean okay so uh find me on on on on on on on on on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about um like well well well well well well well well well you know well I mean um well this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in in in in in in in in in this week's episode okay I mean so um I mean so uh like. We are are are are are are are are are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race coming up um um you you you you you you you you you know I mean so so um I mean. So angry is after you losing to to to to to to to to to this. It'll be we have week one week of okay like I mean okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So So So So So So So So So March, so March, so March, so March, so March, so March, so March, so March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, so March, however, I guess this well well okay like I mean well I I I I I I I I I mean okay is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished all of of of of of of of of of my I mean so I mean well like uh well um exams I have have have have have have have have have before spring break so next week. I just have a presentation well like like like like like like like like like like you know uh I mean you know you know for one of my classes classes classes classes classes classes classes classes classes see your husband exam for a class that I'm you know uh like um um um um um um um um um I mean so you know like not in but it's just like we're really home home home home home home home home home free now, we've finished our you know uh well um I mean well like like like like like like like like like well last exam today, which is so so nice because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday so uh like uh uh like I mean okay Wednesday one exam each each each each each each each each each day. So I will say it was like the most stressful okay you you you you you you you you you know like um uh so I mean well thing in the world because like like like like like like like like like it's really not like the hardest classes well so okay well okay okay so you know know know know know know know know know ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out of the way way way way way way way way way uh uh um I mean so so you know you know especially because now that that that that that that that that that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I I I just I just I just I just wanted to talk to you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys quickly I mean uh okay you know so well I mean okay about Spotify on on on on on on on on on Spotify. You can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you can you can you can listen to all of your favorite artists and and and and and and and and and podcast okay you know uh okay like so well you know and one place place place place place place place place place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like okay okay okay uh that is great because let's face it. We We We We We We We We We are all trying to save a little I mean so uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know so bit these days. So with so with so with so so so so so so so so so with so with so with so with so with so with Spotify, you you you you you you you you you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an okay I mean like you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh I mean like episode you can share whatever you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can okay okay like you you you you you you you you you know like uh well uh even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever you are if you're well okay you know you know okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this this this this this this this this this one like like you know you know like you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search search search search search search search search search for okay you know like uh uh um like well your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse podcasts in the you are Library okay um um so like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss an episode uh so you know like like I mean okay okay of optimal living advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome uh so you know know know know know know know know know okay I mean um I mean I mean to episode 46 of optimal living living living living living living living living living advice to podcast where we take any questions okay so um so like like like like like like like like like like like so you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey okay you know like like like well you know well Dustin, what's up? Not much much much much much much much much much. How has how has how has how has how has how has how has how how how how how how how how how has how has your week been? It's Monday. So I okay you know know know know know know know know know so so I mean I mean so I mean mean so far. It's been okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked okay like well so you know know know know know know know know know well so well to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they they they they they they they they they don't hear the tax like um you know well you know um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I like like like like like like like like like so okay okay um you know you know I mean don't think they want want want want want want want want want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, uh like um so you know know know know know know know know know okay okay I mean we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece piece piece piece piece piece piece piece piece. That was pretty um um okay like okay like you know well cool. We We We We We We We We We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really uh you you you you you you you you you know so uh well so um I mean cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay um you know well uh um talk now look look look look look look look look look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good uh um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean uh um trouble after show and guys. We are we are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are at at at at at at at at at the season finale of the such a you know so uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well good season Chad Hills. I am I am I am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am your host host host host host host host host host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with well so you know I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean you since season one. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so happy to continue this this this this this this this this this journey with you guys. I uh um well like so okay so so could could could could could could could could could not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the the the the the the the the the well um um okay you know okay like so fart of my love. I have have have have have have have have have Miss Janice. I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am and she is a like well um like like like like like like like like like okay I mean well um biggest the big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been been been been been been been been been watching the posture since I um you know well so uh okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh was in high school. So like so like so like so like so so so so so so so so so like so like so like so like so like I'm the OG posture isn't good good good good good good good good good trouble so you know well so well okay like well fan. Yeah, and yeah, and and and and and and and and and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and she she she she she she she she she brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's uh I I I I I I I I I mean so well so um I mean so up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you you you you you you you you you feel like you um I mean well uh uh you know like you know want want want want want want want want want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for for for for for for for for for months before we found okay uh well uh well um uh uh out the the the the the the the the the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast and I'll tell you so so so so so so so so so I mean um um um um like like why first of all, it's free free free free free free free free free. You can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you can you can record edit and distribute your podcast um okay like so like you you you you you you you you you know um um all from your phone or or from your computer. It will do do do do do do do do do all of the work you know well I mean like okay uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh for you put it out on Spotify apple and all of the big names like like like like like like like like like uh uh I mean you know well um you know you can make money money money money money money money money money with no minimum listenership. And it's and it's and it's and it's and it's and and and and and and and and and it's and it's and it's and it's everything that you need for your I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um uh well um so I mean podcast right in one place place place place place place place place place. So here's what you need to do. If you're I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh okay okay like uh interested Go download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- like so you know well like uh okay um um um um um um um um um to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check it out and well um um um um um um um um um so uh so I mean you know well get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237 you know um um um um um um um um um okay well you know you know okay like. So for our first episode we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to get into the movie Carrie the you know um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know so original old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about about about about about about about about about this one. It was one um I mean okay um okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones she I mean well so you know I mean I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean saw in the theater growing up. I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was introduced to this movie when when when when when when when when when I I mean okay you know well like I mean well uh was about nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems you know like like like like like like like like like I mean like okay uh so so wildly inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so you know you know well like um um um um um um um um um um uh uh before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan I'm Ryan I'm Ryan I'm Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan I'm Ryan I'm Ryan I'm Ryan I'm Ryan I'm Ryan your host join me me me me me me me me me as I I mean I mean you know so I mean well so like talk to to to to to to to to to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory Theory like so like I mean well so okay okay and discuss some of the most most most most most most most most most important real world macro questions of our time what okay uh like well you know know know know know know know know know like I mean like happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name my name my name my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name is Kate kocher today today today today today today today today today well okay uh you know so well okay so. I'm going to be celebrating the life life life life life life life life life and grieving the passing of my husband's okay so like so you know so so so so so so so so so like um grandmother. And it and it and it and it and it and and and and and and and and and it and it and it and it means we get to spend the day day day day day day day day day with family people. We've well you know like you know you know um um um um um um um um um okay I mean not seen for a long time. We get to share stories about about about about about about about about about this woman that okay like okay like uh uh I mean um was in our our our our our our our our our life and so important to many of us and I wanted you know um um um um um um um um um okay okay well so okay you know to just acknowledge that story and memory are are are are are are are are are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I okay uh you know like so like like like like like like like like like uh like know we're going to have a great time sharing stories about this this this this this this this this this woman that you know okay you know okay you know you know I mean so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're grieving and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and um um um um um um um um um uh um um you know okay uh so the Ridiculousness of humans humans humans humans humans humans humans humans humans and human nature. And so and so and so and so and so and so and and and and and and and and and so and so and so today I want you to well well um um um um um um um um um well okay so well so kind of join me not just with the people that that that that that that that that that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from from from from from from from from from gone. That's exclusive to like well so you know like okay well so Spotify. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's on it's on it's on it's on it's on it's on it's on it's on on on on on on on on on it's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh so um explores what happened to the tapes that were were were were were were were were were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan um like okay like I mean I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini mini mini mini mini mini mini mini mini episodes like this like you know you know okay uh you know uh well follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay so so so well a television set and turned on the the the the the the the the the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented okay um I mean so like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface surface surface surface surface surface surface surface surface of the Moon. The Apollo the Apollo the Apollo the Apollo the Apollo the Apollo the Apollo the Apollo the Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to BFF which stands for for for for for for for for for not not so well so I mean I mean so um so best friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm you know know know know know know know know know I mean you know I mean um well well well Molly. Oh my gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just uh I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh um so talking about how we can believe it would Made Made Made Made Made Made Made Made Made it to episode 5 but I was um um um I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, doesn't so you know uh you know so okay I mean well it feel like like like like like like like like like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending well okay um like like like like like like like like like well um uh well as much time with you half an hour a week. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's crazy every other you know uh um uh you know so well okay week week week week week week week week week or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are you you you you you you you you you um so well I mean well I mean like I mean really leaving your hood on on on on on on on on on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on yes on yes on yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes on yes on yes on yes on yes on yes on like like uh like you you you you you you you you you know uh okay like one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like like like like like like like like like he's like he's like he's like he's like he's like he's like he's like like like like like like like like like he's like got vomit on his sweater already mom's so well I mean you you you you you you you you you know uh you know like like spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that that that that that that that that that I've got puke on my jumper okay you know um well uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the same same same same same same same same same scanning I mean you know uh um okay I mean you know you know that that that that that that that that that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just um well well well well well well well well well I mean so okay well I mean okay gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty thirsty thirsty thirsty thirsty thirsty thirsty thirsty thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this okay so um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um I mean episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the the the the the the the the the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just you're just you're just you're just you're just you're just you're just just just just just just just just just you're just you're just in time for Chompers your morning and night uh like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um uh well toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on on on on on on on on on one side and brush um like well I mean uh you know I mean I I I I I I I I I mean a little circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we we we we we we we we we you know okay you know like so so like so talk about a heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist well uh okay like I I I I I I I I I mean like well well who overcame incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen was was was was was was was was was born to a um I mean okay you know okay okay um like like like like like like like like like poor family in England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other like like like like like like like like like so okay so so uh well okay kids because she was born with no arms arms arms arms arms arms arms arms arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when um you know you know well well well well well well well well well so uh I mean like she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to to to to to to to to to so close using you know I mean well uh like okay like uh her her her her her her her her her mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try try try try try try try try try to uh um you know um uh so I mean uh create false false false false false false false false false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on you know so so so so so so so so so um okay okay you know okay okay in the world today. As a matter of of of of of of of of of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast like okay well like so uh so like like like like like like like like like is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being well well well well well well well well well okay uh I mean okay you know uh I mean real being vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean okay like you know well. We believe that true strength is revealed through through through through through through through through through our ability to continue to grow you know okay uh so you know know know know know know know know know okay well okay through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a a a a a a a a a reminder so like okay okay like okay you know uh that in our Darkest Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours when we can't see the way out when our well um well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well like backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons you know well I mean so okay you know okay um the music in this this this this this this this this this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand so uh you know know know know know know know know know okay like I mean uh so. So a big warm welcome to my guests on on on on on on on on on the show tonight and a um um so like I mean you know know know know know know know know know okay well Colgan and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of of of of of of of of of course, I mean uh um like like I mean like you know we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into into into into into into into into into it so um um like I mean okay uh I mean just straight away no no no no no no no no no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye um you know so you you you you you you you you you know um I mean so um introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know I I I I I I I I I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I I I I I I I I I know you very well, but obviously people um um you know you know you know know know know know know know know know uh well like at home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Hannah Colgan a uh so so uh like uh so I mean second year from from from from from from from from from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay well I mean so great. That's great. That's perfect. That's what you you you you you you you you you wanted and you lose it uh you know well like well okay uh you you you you you you you you you know. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a a a a a a a a a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two three two three two three two three two three two three two three three three three three three three three three two three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff podcast so well like well like okay well I mean back on your listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this I mean uh well you know like like like like like like like like like okay uh um really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman Shaman Shaman Shaman Shaman Shaman Shaman Shaman Shaman of PA. They want to give you know so like I mean um um um um um um um um um like well you know away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see see see see see see see see see and see and see and see and see and see and see and see and see see see see see see see see see what you I mean well I mean well um um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're just going to get get get get get get get get get okay like well I mean uh um like okay like a couple weeks supply supply supply supply supply supply supply supply supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, uh so like well I mean you you you you you you you you you know okay uh and then you're going to do some testimonials from us. This is what what what what what what what what what you okay like um well um you know I mean um got to do go go go go go go go go go to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so you know you know you know um the top of the page page page page page page page page page and just tell us why you want to try it so like okay like like like like like like like like like okay well uh like out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before and you stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop for whatever reason maybe try um okay so I mean okay you know so um um um um um um um um um to different companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious I mean um I mean um um like okay okay. Maybe earlier maybe there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason so okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean like um is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love like like like like like like like like like um I mean like uh like like so you catch you on the other other other other other other other other other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is uh so um so like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support people's people's people's people's people's people's people's people's people's right so you know okay so uh so so um to drink and have have have have have have have have have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach to sobriety uh like like like like like like like like like you know uh well I mean like I mean. This show is intended to highlight the the the the the the the the the benefits of a sober life. We like so like okay like uh you know know know know know know know know know like want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that that that that that that that that that is struggling with okay well um um um uh well like alcohol drugs or or or or or or or or or diction of any kind. I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am pop you Cannon. I am I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am a a a a a a a a a recovering okay I mean um I mean well okay okay okay alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well so I mean uh I mean you know you know so. Let me let me let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and and and and and and and and and uh I mean I mean well I mean uh um I mean edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you know know know know know know know know know uh well I mean well okay um um. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many many more you so you know okay you know I I I I I I I I I mean well um like can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener listener listener listener listener listener listener listener listener ships. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything okay okay so like so I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh like uh so together. I remember that day like it was was was was was was was was was yesterday the night was young and I uh uh like well you know okay so so so so so so so so so um was fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that that that that that that that that that body and um so um uh so you know so like had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series series series series series series series series series I mean like okay uh I mean well uh okay and when you're still still still still still still still still still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted you know I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so I mean um to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories memories memories memories memories memories memories memories memories and all that shit, okay so well so like okay um I mean but most importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know when I should talk well well well well well well well well well so so um so uh so well about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco Costco Costco Costco Costco Costco Costco Costco Costco nothing costco nothing costco nothing costco nothing costco nothing costco nothing costco nothing costco costco costco costco costco costco costco costco costco nothing costco nothing special but why you know um so you know so you you you you you you you you you know um like not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in in in in in in in in in that okay so like like um okay uh so school that made me who I I I I I I I I I am today. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like like like like it's like it's like it's like now Mary's. Mary's was a um okay um you you you you you you you you you know okay like uh I mean school. Unfortunately got shut down due to financial reasons, reasons, reasons, reasons, reasons, reasons, reasons, reasons, reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To welcome To To To To To To To To To welcome To welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and and and and and and and and and empowerment to so uh um like uh um okay um thrive in their relationships around around around around around around around around around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and so well okay so so so so so so so so so so um uh okay you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space space space space space space space space space of friendships a less common so you know so like I mean okay well okay type type type type type type type type type of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've you know um well well well well well well well well well well um well um like learned and still learning so grab a cold brew brew brew brew brew brew brew brew brew and join us at the so like um you know you know I I I I I I I I I mean like like table. This is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi nangi nangi nangi nangi nangi nangi nangi nangi here and I wanted uh um so well uh okay uh well to give a a a a a a a a a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I well well well well well well well well well well like well you know um well like wanted to say hello. I love you you you you you you you you you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and so okay you know know know know know know know know know you know like um well you know I have a shout-out to to Perry the the the the the the the the the Platypus just wish that you never okay uh okay like uh okay like um seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes um so um um um um um um um um um like uh um you know well. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood hood hood hood hood hood hood hood hood forever you know well you know so you know uh you know well. I'm living living living living living living living living living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere I mean you you you you you you you you you know so um okay uh I mean you know get a love me everywhere. I I I I I I I I I used to cop it on them everyone like like okay so so um okay you you you you you you you you you know. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about about about about about about about about about okay so well like well so so I mean some pretty cool stuff today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking like you know you know so um um um um um um um um um uh okay well pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one one one one one one one one one of the the okay you know I mean um so uh like like first like not not not not not not not not not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key um you you you you you you you you you know um uh you know so well well Concepts and other things going to to to to to to to to to talk about besides just you know overarching principle okay you know I mean uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know. So I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is all about like well like well so I mean okay uh the the the the the the the the the difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what what what what what what what what what do well I mean uh I mean okay so you know um um um um um um um um um we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you you you you you you you you you uh okay I mean you know uh I mean uh uh know, Tyler what what what what what what what what what are you talking about? So I'll break it down real quick uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well okay well so and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more more more more more more more more more thing about what we came um um I mean so okay well you you you you you you you you you know so up with what we what we have found to be be be be be be be be be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if and if and if and if if if if if if if if if and if and if and if and if and if you haven't heard about the I I I I I I I I I mean like okay like um I mean I mean okay anchor app, let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain a few things because it's the easiest way to I mean I mean like you you you you you you you you you know so like so you know make a podcast. That's exactly what we do do do do do do do do do here at running wild podcast like I mean uh so okay I mean I I I I I I I I I mean I mean. We use we use we use we use we use we we we we we we we we we use we use we use we use anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is is is is is is is is is that it's free you know uh uh okay well so like I mean. That's correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct correct. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast like so like like like like like like like like like so so you know okay like. Also, there's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to to record and edit your podcast okay I mean I mean well like uh I I I I I I I I I mean like right from your phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will will will will will will will will will distribute your okay uh um okay well uh well um podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh you know you know okay like on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and and and and many more platforms. You can also make money from I mean well well well well well well well well well well uh like like well so your podcast and everybody loves making more money. So go go go go go go go go go so go so go so go so go so go so go so go so go go go go go go go go go download the free anchor app you know I mean well okay uh so uh I I I I I I I I I mean or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host to read read read read read read read read read and um okay so okay um so I mean uh I'm the creator of Love positivism positivism positivism positivism positivism positivism positivism positivism positivism. I'm here to help you on your spiritual and healing journey uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so well I mean um. I am a certified yoga and and and and and and and and and meditation teacher a student of Chinese medicine like like like so well you know you you you you you you you you you know you know a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I I I I I I I I I want to like so you know okay I mean like uh you know use my knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow on uh um uh um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean uh all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today today today today today today today today today. We will be doing meditation like like well you know like um you you you you you you you you you know well together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um you know um I mean so heart to heart acceptance live and neck neck neck neck neck neck neck neck neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's so it's so it's so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so so um you know know know know know know know know know like um like um the first shot. I say we roll with it and and and and and and and and and we just keep going. You're you know like so you know okay um I I I I I I I I I mean uh right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it live live live live live live live live live so so I mean okay you know well so so to neck live to knock exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This may well so well like um um um um um um um um um okay uh okay be a train wreck. It may be like if it is is is is is is is is is we're just gonna well so um you know okay uh uh like go with the flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow. That's us and let the train hit us - oh man like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh uh I mean like. I'm just saying go with the the the the the the the the the flow of things the flow of the train. Hitting okay hitting okay hitting okay hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting okay hitting okay hitting okay hitting okay hitting okay hitting okay you know know know know know know know know know I mean um like okay so uh our bodies great start. This is great great great great great great great great great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow Grow Grow Grow Grow Grow Grow Grow Grow up so uh um well okay so I mean I mean. Welcome, welcome back. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I okay I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um uh so like so ruined the entire. I did not we we we we we we we we we can go again once I got my stirring you know well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know uh I mean spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts late straight. How are you? All you know like uh okay um like like like like like like like like like so you know hosted by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet Vliet Vliet Vliet Vliet Vliet Vliet Vliet Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back okay okay okay you know so um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. Welcome back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll um so so so so so so so so so uh uh like you know like um kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot like you know you know uh well um okay well of setup work that we we we we we we we we we have to do in order to make a tournament um I mean well well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know work. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we we we we we we we we we do a shotgun um like um well so I mean like you know start start start start start start start start start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like okay like um uh so same team record membership number in March will will will will will will will will will we during the Australian by the end uh um like okay well you you you you you you you you you know you know well of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What What What What What What What What What do we want to okay okay uh um so um you know uh see see see see see see see see see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last year's um um um um um um um um um uh uh so so uh well like premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss this and more on the I mean well well okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know okay I mean blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy. I'm here with Chris you know well okay I mean so like well well well well well well well well well I mean. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy really good. Thank um so you know uh like I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we would have have have have have have have have have liked well I mean well I mean I mean okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So this you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know you know well um you know is the first time we've been been been been been been been been been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr co-ack. Well, I mean I mean like okay you know you know like like like like like like like like like uh yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right. So So So So So So So So So um um uh uh so well I mean like how you find in six six six six six six six six six from the moment because we haven't really talked over the yeah like uh so like like like like like like like like like okay um so um. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's good moments and bad uh um uh you know I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed so uh well well well well okay well the most? I guess one thing that I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've you know kind of felt happy okay so well okay uh you know uh um um um um um um um um um about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who I am I I I I I I I I I mean like okay like you know you know like like because yeah, you know in case case case case case case case case case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor here. Just I mean I mean uh well like uh like uh want to to to to to to to to to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what I'm not not not not not not not not not computer so okay uh I mean I mean so like okay savvy OR tech tech tech tech tech tech tech tech tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what links up well like like like like like like like like like like I mean um well okay uh to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you you you you you you you you you know when the biggest thing I love about uh I mean you know so so so so so so so so so well you know um you know it is the fact that it's free. So So So So So So So So So download the free anchor app and uh okay uh like um so okay you you you you you you you you you know go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode you know uh well you know well okay well um we have Jake and Paula Paula Paula Paula Paula Paula Paula Paula Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode this episode this this this this this this this this this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I uh so so so so so so so so so I mean okay I mean okay okay um am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and and and and and and and and and open your mind because it's story time. Welcome to you know you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing the supernatural experiences like I mean well uh okay um well uh that shape our our our our our our our our our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh well I mean like story or need paranormal advice send an email to to to to to to to to to stories with sapphire at uh like okay well okay uh you know okay gmail.com. This This This This This This This This This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and like um um um um um um um um um okay well I mean so you know um would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh um like like um. We're going with day one. The Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday the Tuesday the Tuesday the Tuesday the Tuesday the Tuesday the Tuesday the Tuesday the Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday first race of the day of the uh uh you know uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got we've got got got got got got got got got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got shishkin shishkin shishkin shishkin shishkin shishkin shishkin shishkin shishkin at five well I mean you know so you know so uh okay to to to to to to to to to two Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got my okay I mean you know um uh I mean like uh pick a a a a a a a a a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw well well well well well well well well well well okay okay so um you know so confirmed to be riding him him him him him him him him him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued well so I mean I I I I I I I I I mean like you know okay you know in a stirring for lunch. They probably they probably they they they they they they they they they probably they probably they probably they probably they probably they probably they probably deserve to to to to to to to to to be up there because they've got like uh you know um well uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin she she she she she she she she she skin she skin she skin she skin she skin she skin she skin she she she she she she she she she skin very um I mean um so uh I mean um okay impressive as two wins wins wins wins wins wins wins wins wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year um you know you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean like well okay looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles hurdles hurdles hurdles hurdles hurdles hurdles hurdles hurdles and one in a bump I mean I mean so like well you know well well well well well well well well well uh of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean um um um hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum I mean um okay like okay well um I mean bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball so well um um um um um um um um um um I mean like I mean um podcasts. We got a fun episode for you. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today. We're gonna be talking about the um well like so I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um Desi strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but but but but but but but but but well you know you know so okay um uh uh new poll has ended up up up up up up up up up getting the W girls going to be talking about who uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know well so well we think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's four teams that we think you know uh so you know I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay that could win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might might might might might might might might might be and then like well so uh uh so well you know we're going to to to to to to to to to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh you know so uh season coming up and we just wanted to to to to to to to to to talk about that a little bit you know uh so I mean you know okay well so so so so so so so so so. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into you you you you you you you you you know like like uh well um well well it Saint Rose had a long long long long long long long long long week this week the Reversed North Central College I mean you know well um like like like like like like like like like I mean uh well and new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played played played played played played played played played Stevens and uh you know you know okay well um okay well st. Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis. And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night night night night night night night night night so uh uh you know um um uh uh toothbrushing show start brushing on the top top top top top top top top top of your mouth on one side and brush the you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh like you know you know inside outside and chewing side each each each each each each each each each tube. It's heroines week and every day okay um so uh I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about like well well uh like uh so you know wangari. Maathai the woman who who who who who who who who who started the green belt movement one Garden was born I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay I mean um in a country in Africa called Kenya when one one one one one one one one one Gary is a girl Kenya was full you know well well uh so so so so so so so so so so you know uh of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere but soon that would change you know um so so you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going going going going going going going going going okay well like um okay well you know you know to be doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh well I mean okay coronavirus and to review and sort of restore restore restore restore restore restore restore restore restore some of the sanity to the so so okay you know okay okay you know know know know know know know know know I mean conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes you know know know know know know know know know um like like I mean I mean uh um About it to try to just just just just just just just just just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of you know so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean uh like Buzz right now in the media. I believe that there's been been been been been been been been been a very severe, you I mean uh like okay you know okay like like like like like like like like like so know response already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well like like um um like to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to to to to to to to to to get into a bunch of I mean uh um so you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of of of of of of of of of uh so well so like so uh okay stuff here spam calls from different parts parts parts parts parts parts parts parts parts of the country. If you know what so like so so um well well like like like like like like like like like I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in you you you you you you you you you know you know you know um uh uh okay um our multimedia class as as as as as as as as as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting I mean so so so so so so so so so so um uh well so uh to them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam calls obviously is just so um okay I mean you know like okay you know messing messing messing messing messing messing messing messing messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um well like so I mean like spam collar at least least least least least least least least least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got we got we got we got got got got got got got got got we got we got we got we got we got the normal crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew crew with um uh um um um well like okay us today. We got a great show show show show show show show show show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff you know I mean so I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know um okay to preview. But first we're going going going going going going going going going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and um well so um like like like like like like like like like like like uh it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do well well well well well well well well well well you know uh like okay um uh it on the fly, but bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear with us and it's pretty good interview well uh so okay well you know know know know know know know know know so uh. So yeah. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, this is even Sports podcast. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're on with Donovan well I mean uh you know so I mean like uh Brazier. Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right now. We're at track me where the track office not really supposed to be be be be be be be be be got uh okay so like uh so um uh some audience over here. Yeah, first yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, first yeah, first yeah, first yeah, first yeah, first yeah, first yeah, first yeah, first first first first first first first first first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot and uh uh well you know well well um like a half. What does sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was so um so okay like like like like like like like like like well well okay a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room room room room room room room room room was through the uh you know okay um uh you know well okay roof. We We We We We We We We We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was I mean like like like like like like like like like okay you know so well okay well probably a fire hazard looking back at it it it it it it it it it but us being students not our okay like um well uh um okay you know know know know know know know know know number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody so anybody so anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody anybody so anybody so anybody so anybody so anybody so anybody so anybody could could could could could could could could could win and okay you know you know so like uh well okay there were were were were were were were were were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh you know uh you know well well sure what is safe for for for for for for for for for the radio. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm going to kind of curve that but you know um um um um um um um um um uh so so like um like also objects to practice safe sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting you know okay okay uh so so you you you you you you you you you know like Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth state so like like um you know um um well funded money on these these these these these these these these these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are we are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting down I mean I mean well you know I mean um you know um the top top top top top top top top top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going back uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um so um uh well to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was was was was was was was was was delivered a knockout punch and charged with you know so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh so I mean the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Washington for more shocking sports um well um you know well um you know like events from from from from from from from from from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special so um um um um um um um um um uh okay um uh uh like. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your your your your your your your your your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym you know you know you know you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the the the the the the the the the bag his fists like so well uh well you know I mean um um um um um um um um um landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay okay okay like okay talking about the principle of quarter extremity that idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea of quarter extremity well you know well uh okay um um well movement. But also also also also also also also also also but also but also but also but also but also but also but also but but but but but but but but but also quarter extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance well well well well well well well well well uh well uh well okay well okay of it and where to look in in in in in in in in in a handful of different movements. So Fern okay like uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um um first question I have for you is when were you you you you you you you you you first introduced to the well okay so okay um okay I mean okay concept? out out out out out out out out out of quarter extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, like like like like like like like like like okay um well I mean so so like however physically introduced to it probably day day day day day day day day day one is an athlete like as a little you know um okay well so so so so so so so so so uh um like kid. They just don't teach it that way but when you teach teach teach teach teach teach teach teach teach any type you know you know I mean okay like like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of throwing mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do do do do do do do do do is probably okay okay you know well okay I mean well I mean jumping or or or or or or or or or throwing something right. So throwing so throwing so throwing so throwing so throwing so throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing so throwing so throwing so throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast today in so like so so I mean I mean like uh this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an he's an he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's an he's an he's an he's an he's an he's an he's an like um I I I I I I I I I mean um you know you know uh um Indian writer with British descent and and and and and and and and and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards and Padma so um um um um um um um um um okay uh so I mean um you know Shri. I found the story in in in in in in in in in an old book of mine and there is something about you know you know know know know know know know know know you know so okay you know uh like the way he write his story. These These These These These These These These These the way he brings characters to life I mean so I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay well. I am personally a big fan of his writings and and and and and and and and and today you gonna okay like like uh so okay well so sit back relax unwind unwind unwind unwind unwind unwind unwind unwind unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need need need need need need need need need you know so like uh um like you know I mean to get to the other other other other other other other other other side of today everything that has happened up till I mean well well well well well well well well well okay well like well I mean well now everything that you've experienced your values your your your your your your your your your belief everything that makes you you will get um so well like well well um um um um um um um um um uh you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have have have have have have have have have got this like like you know um so okay I mean um so 2% back yourself and and and and and and and and and know that today is your day. This is okay um so so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like your everyday positivity. My name my name my name my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name is Kate Cocker. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here on volley and I'll be like like I mean well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the the the the the the the the the meantime. Go for you know like you know I mean I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy everyday positivity, well um like well so uh uh so please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you you you you you you you you you so much you know okay uh um okay like okay okay for joining today. I I I I I I I I I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you so so um um um um um um um um um um you know like um like choose to listen today. I've had an awful awful awful awful awful awful awful awful awful cold all week. So hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully I'll okay like um so well okay okay well be able able able able able able able able able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh like okay well uh is something I couldn't wait to publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman so okay well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh uh the very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone and and and and and and and and and someone and someone and someone and someone and someone and someone and someone and someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone I have followed on I mean um well like uh okay I mean you know social social social social social social social social social media for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back back back back back back back back back I mean so I mean okay so uh I mean uh on another podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training okay I mean well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like um for the London marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, this guy is crazy like what I mean like like uh um okay I I I I I I I I I mean well he has achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is he he he he he he he he he is he is he is he is he is he is he is is is is is is is is is he is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so like uh like like uh we have got in the studio very very very very very very very very very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei I mean uh well so uh I I I I I I I I I mean so uh of Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here here here here here here here here here. Finally well you know you know uh you know like like you know where we we we we we we we we we mentioned. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay uh uh uh and we we have and I've been up to him him him him him him him him him a couple of times okay like so I mean I mean um okay I mean going going going going going going going going going. Oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I I I I I I I I I oh, I oh, I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have have have have have have have have have probably have probably have probably have probably have probably have probably have probably have probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably have big fan. Are uh I mean so well so uh well okay you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying um um um um um um um um um like I mean okay I mean okay uh so to pretend I'm not okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this you know you know um well um well well well well well well well well well okay okay podcast episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good good good good good good good good good for one person uh okay okay um so okay you know I mean and that I I I I I I I I I feel like our audio is always a little off and uh I mean um uh um um um um um um um um um uh so well you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it it it it it it it it it we're you know I mean um so okay like uh like probably going going going going going going going going going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know so well um said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen This is your first time tuning so um okay I mean um uh so so so so so so so so so okay in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions that you uh like I mean well so uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a a a a a a a a a little um uh um you know uh okay so you know advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not um um um um um um um um um you know so so like like well uh like something fun was vibrant. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo go back to um you you you you you you you you you know well uh okay uh uh uh the filthy garage or as I should should should should should should should should should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's I mean okay like like uh you know know know know know know know know know I mean um cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy nippy nippy nippy nippy nippy nippy nippy nippy as well okay you know okay I mean well okay okay fuck what your your your your your your your your your balls are small. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean is that because it's I mean um um um um um um um um um okay uh so um like well cold or is that just because your balls are are are are are are are are are small because that's because it's uh so I mean like well you know I I I I I I I I I mean I mean cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's up? Welcome back. My ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball ball is small. It's so I mean okay uh I mean well so okay like like like like like like like like like 90 degrees. I like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it it it it it it it it it from you know um like okay so um okay um my sister. Oh, it's oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself your children I mean so like um you know you know you know know know know know know know know know so and your partner. We are going to give you tips and and and and and and and and and strategies to create I mean so uh um like I mean um um peace and and and and and and and and and authenticity within your family. This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer marketer marketer marketer marketer marketer marketer marketer marketer writer like you know you know so so you know okay um and Mom to three three three three three three three three three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am terilyn Griffin an uh like you you you you you you you you you know okay you know um you know uh English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four four four four four four four four four kids ages 11 9 5 & 3 we you know well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like uh you know inhale a This amount of books and life tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools and distill the information for you I mean okay um well well like I I I I I I I I I mean I mean are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I have I have a high five you know so so so okay uh um um um um um um um um um like and that is that I have heard from read listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like so like like like like like like like like like so like so like so like so like so like so like so like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come come come come come come come come come from like so uh like uh I mean I mean okay. Today's guest is is is is is is is is is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um I mean so I mean well of talented creative designers and producers. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's worked at agencies all over the world starting okay okay like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly anomaly anomaly anomaly anomaly anomaly anomaly anomaly anomaly in like so okay okay so um so well New York and then joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist I mean so okay so so so so so so so so so um so um I mean electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy and he'll be our co-host from time okay um like so you know like like like like like like like like like uh uh to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation so okay I mean like so okay I mean so. We talked about how how how how how how how how how they became interested in advertising when he was young. And like and like like like like like like like like like and like and like and like and like and like and like and like you you you you you you you you you know like I mean like you know I mean like suddenly this is guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy who came into the scene and we all know who okay okay uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay I mean he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was really really really really really really really really really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're you know okay um um um um um um um um um um so I mean like you know not a horse girl. Like I I I I I I I I I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm um okay you know um uh you you you you you you you you you know so like gonna go finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to another episode okay so like you know you know uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of officially unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is is is is is is is is is so well I mean I mean like uh okay well Bianca and this week. We We We We We We We We We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot like uh like I mean I I I I I I I I I mean well like um or are you just desperate? How was your day? day day day day day day day day My day was very boring okay okay uh well so like like you know. How How How How How How How How How was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different so you you you you you you you you you know well I mean you know okay you know okay reasons. So I was was was was was was was was was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I okay you know like like like like like like like like like you know you know so um so can talk about but I will say say say say say say say say say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting texting texting texting texting texting texting texting texting and well I mean I mean like like uh well so FaceTime. We all all all all all all all all all we all we all we all we all we all we all we all all all all all all all all all we all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a um um um um um um um um um okay you know like you know I mean you know uh lot of live videos, of of of of of of of of of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some okay like um um well well well well well well well well well uh well so of you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for for for for for for for for for a few minutes and um uh I mean I mean you know okay you know know know know know know know know know you know then move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about first uncovered like so I mean okay you know um uh okay Snapchat Snapchat Snapchat Snapchat Snapchat Snapchat Snapchat Snapchat Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that that that that that that that that that um uh uh uh uh so uh so and that's pushing it 25 is just just just just just just just just just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm well uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh I mean so not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we we we we we we we we we uh like well um well well well so try to help with your you you you you you you you you you love with your day lemmas and try to uh well so like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay make life a better place for you over to live in and stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff like uh you know um like I mean you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean sets and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay like uh so well well streaming live on YouTube. We are are are are are are are are are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm Dave so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean you know I mean I mean okay Hanson joined with Chris at at at at at at at at at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and look I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um I mean uh who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? up up up up up up up up Dude, hey, dude, hey, dude, hey, dude, hey, dude, hey, dude, hey, dude, hey, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, hey, dude, hey, how's it going? well I mean okay uh you know well well well well well well well well well well um Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast. We We We We We We We We We normally um uh uh you know so uh uh well don't do a a a a a a a a a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin you know you know so so so so so so so so so I mean okay you know okay well Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I I I I I I I I I are all investors in not as you know well so um well so uh um um um um um um um um um users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of well well well well well well well well well like so uh you know well okay like Robin Hood markets Inc. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of like so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like I mean so changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied copied copied copied copied copied copied copied copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday. It's um you know okay um so okay well you know Sunday. I'm here here here here here here here here here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we just want to okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay okay uh okay you know be on the podcast. So here I I I I I I I I I am. He's helping he's helping he's helping he's helping he's helping he's helping he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's helping he's helping he's helping fill in today is I mean so so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know I mean doing and we had to our pour one one one one one one one one one out for the homies. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's you know um like um you you you you you you you you you know uh okay um why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, it's sad music um um well I mean you know okay I mean you you you you you you you you you know starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is there is there is is is is is is is is is there is there is there is there is there is there is no more more more more more more more more more fried a podcast I mean you know so um you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess uh well uh like you know so um so Yeah. So they've got got got got got got got got got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend okay um well like so so so so so so so so so um like so. We're going to start going to start your week off right? right right right right right right right right Hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this this this this this this this this this hopefully, this hopefully, this is a so okay you know I mean you know so like like like like like like like like like okay whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you know okay so so so so so so so so so uh um you know I mean um you guys have not seen it yet Gigi Gigi Gigi Gigi Gigi Gigi Gigi Gigi Gigi just recently dropped an okay um so like uh uh um you know know know know know know know know know article on his medium page and it's another great one about around the the the the the the the the the uh I mean uh okay like like okay uh concept of Bitcoin as a living organism organism organism organism organism organism organism organism organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and I mean I I I I I I I I I mean so you know well um you know I mean then we'll talk a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and uh I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like you know thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is is is is is is is is is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're you you you you you you you you you know so you know like like well um uh here to talk about about about about about about about about about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo uh well I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean um I mean okay for Madden 2009 was advertised on on on on on on on on on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew um you know uh you you you you you you you you you know I mean so like you know Brees on the cover. Okay, because because because because because because because because because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship like um um like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the the the the the the the the the Jets. This was the game I mean like uh like so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that so so so so so so so so so like I mean um well okay you know okay demo. That was that was was was was was was was was was that was that was that was that was that was that was that that that that that that that that that was your first experience. Yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty much why you chose to be be be be be be be be be a broadcaster? okay well I mean okay okay you know well okay Yeah, because I chose chose chose chose chose chose chose chose chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly because I have a you you you you you you you you you know I mean like okay I mean well um uh horse and I went and I I I I I I I I I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang like uh uh uh um like you know I mean today. I'm sharing with you you you you you you you you you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the so okay so well well so so so so so so so so so so I mean fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point 50-point 50-point 50-point 50-point 50-point 50-point 50-point 50-point citing a material change uh you know like um well so um you know in in in in in in in in in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that that that that that that that that that the like um I mean you know so um okay so virus and the the the the the the the the the measures that are being taken to contain. It will it will it will it will will will will will will will will will it will it will it will it will it will surely way um um um um um um um um um like well like I mean like so okay on economic activity both in the the the the the the the the the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier well um so okay like like like like like like like like like I mean okay well than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the the the the the the the the the FED being so you know um um okay uh uh so cornered in to a a a a a a a a a 50 basis point cut by market. The question that remains uh okay uh so you you you you you you you you you know well okay um is where will the FED go from here? If you you you you you you you you you reference the G7 meeting I mean um so well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So So So So So So So So So our so our so our so our so our so our so our so our our our our our our our our our so our you know uh you know like you know I mean you know okay senses senses senses senses senses senses senses senses senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 today um I mean uh so well um um um um um um um um um like uh. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the um um um um um um um um um well I mean okay well like well uh do I put my trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my okay you know okay you you you you you you you you you know well okay like so Lord. I have no good be on thee as for for for for for for for for for the saints that are in the um so uh you know I mean like like like like like like like like like I mean like earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all all all all all all all all all my delight their sorrows you know I mean so I mean you know know know know know know know know know like um um shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their their their their their their their their their drink offerings I mean I mean uh um well you know you know uh of of of of of of of of of blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay well uh okay I mean Lord is the portion of of of of of of of of of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains I mean uh I mean so uh um um um um um um um um um like well my lat the Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I I I I I I I I I yea, I yea, I yea, I yea, I yea, I yea, I yea, I yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, I have I mean I mean um um so okay so I mean a a a a a a a a a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The Lord who has given me counsel counsel counsel counsel counsel counsel counsel counsel counsel. Yay. My reins my reins my reins my reins my reins my reins my my my my my my my my my reins my reins my reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 you know know know know know know know know know you know okay uh well well okay so World Cup winner. Saskia Weber who still still still still still still still still still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA I mean well okay well you you you you you you you you you know um okay I mean match. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably can't talk about like um like I mean I mean you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay but it's okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special special special special special special special special special guest okay so uh uh uh uh okay well today. We've got the Athletics goalkeeping goalkeeping goalkeeping goalkeeping goalkeeping goalkeeping goalkeeping goalkeeping goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way I mean so well like well well well well well well well well well okay you know okay from Sweden. What is up dude? How are you? I'm great great great great great great great great great. Thanks for having well um I mean um okay um well uh me happy to to to to to to to to to be Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when you know uh I mean you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know well you can get a somebody to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you know uh you know uh you know know know know know know know know know okay uh uh you go all the way to Sweden to find somebody to to to to to to to to to tell him a story I mean like like you know well so like well about about about about about about about about about that. What's your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there there there there there there there there there right now? Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted I wanted I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a a a a a a a a a condition where like um so um so okay okay so a person suffers from a a a a a a a a a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from okay you know I mean so so so so so so so so so you know you know like um a traumatic event or series of traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's um um you know um okay well um um um um um um um um um so one of the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there and there and there there there there there there there there there and there and there and there and there and there and there was a study study study study study study study study study they did you know well okay like um I mean uh well with two two two two two two two two two mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a well I I I I I I I I I mean um uh so like I mean like slight electronic shock, but no way to get get get get get get get get get out the other Mouse when um okay you know like okay um um um um um um um um um um you know they gave the shock to it. There was a lever that it could could could could could could could could could hit um well okay you know well well uh like where it could get get get get get get get get get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is so like so so so so so so so so so I mean so you know I mean I mean after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's man's man's man's man's man's man's man's man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's in here? And I just want want want want want want want want want to give I mean uh I mean you know you know well so so a a a a a a a a a quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to you you you you you you you you you know you know uh you know you know like like like my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a so I I I I I I I I I mean okay so I mean like okay so podcast you ask? Well when I was was was was was was was was was trying to get this one off the ground. He okay okay so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know like know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions. Like how do uh you know so so I mean you know I mean like like like like like like like like like I record an episode? How do I get my show into like All the apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps all I mean I mean well you know well you know so uh the the the the the the the the the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from my podcast? Well, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well okay like I mean uh so I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it it it it it it it it it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man um uh um uh you know well I I I I I I I I I mean I mean. Anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is anchor is anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing distributing distributing distributing distributing distributing distributing distributing distributing your podcast and you ain't okay like I mean um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the app you know well okay you know well uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation um uh okay well uh you know you know um tools straight in in in in in in in in in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your well um well so so so so so so so so so okay okay uh okay phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to Spotify apple and many I mean I mean I mean you know I mean so so so so so so so so so I mean uh more without having to do anything which is great and you can can can can can can can can can make money like okay so so I mean like like like from the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta grind um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean okay um okay I mean you got to get to where where where where where where where where where you're going. So it's everything you need to do like so well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know all one place and to download the app go to to to to to to to to to anchor on the App Store anchored okay uh um so well okay I mean like like like like like like like like like on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, well um like so um I mean um well this is is is is is is is is is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in YG's podcast Your uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so uh so like so like Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up up up up up up up up up. Keep doing what you're doing man so okay you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know well um like. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little you know know know know know know know know know you know like I mean okay um like okay idea how we do it here at at at at at at at at at paddle and fin podcast. We use the like you know uh like well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many many many many many many many many many different I mean so okay like I mean okay well okay platforms. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right well you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay uh I mean you know um from your your your your your your your your your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or I mean like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know you know so Download the free anchor app to get started. This This This This This This This This This segment is brought to you by jig um you know well um well okay you you you you you you you you you know you know Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf pmf pmf pmf pmf pmf pmf pmf pmf 22 save uh like like like well well um so 20% off your jig jig jig jig jig jig jig jig jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This uh okay well okay well well well well well well well well well I mean like okay is the final cash segment with your host Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we um you know okay okay um like um um um um um um um um um uh passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to to to to to to to to to be well well you know you know like okay um okay talking about about about about about about about about about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this this this this this this this this this juicy stuff okay um um like you know okay uh well. Do you want want want want want want want want want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels juicy you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh uh okay uh I mean sexual vitality and have great success manifesting manifesting manifesting manifesting manifesting manifesting manifesting manifesting manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the sexual I mean uh like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean okay Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and and and and and and and and and how to use Sexual Energy so uh um okay you know so so so so so so so so so so well to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in in in in in in in in in our uh I mean um so um okay uh like world that the ejaculatory orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity okay okay um like okay you know um um um um um um um um um well. That's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm which leaves I mean uh okay okay well well you know so him limp unmotivated unmotivated unmotivated unmotivated unmotivated unmotivated unmotivated unmotivated unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man you know know know know know know know know know like well so you know like um well who finishes having sex this partner he he he he he he he he he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all all all all all all all all all uh like you know okay well so you know like about living your your your your your your your your your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me and um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know uh so um um lives each day with purpose. My greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest. Hope is that by listening you I mean you know so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh so two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention intention intention intention intention intention intention intention intention it all begins with I mean well so um uh um um like you you you you you you you you you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I you you you you you you you you you know so I mean like you know uh you know well mean, my beautiful office is is is is is is is is is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say your well uh okay you you you you you you you you you know I mean so I mean you know name like your Oprah or share or or or or or or or or or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna so okay so so you know like well well well well well well well well well I mean. Okay old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really really really really really really really really really know Madonna's last I mean okay um okay you know okay you know um name? name name name name name name name name Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do why do why do why do do do do do do do do do why do why do why do why do why do you know that that that that that that that that that because it's like mine well um okay I mean okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name my name my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name is Sean Gerber um so um uh uh uh well like joined by Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting over being sick and just well well well well well well well well well I mean so you know um I mean I mean I mean getting over over over over over over over over over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying to to to to to to to to to you know so so uh uh I mean uh like recoup its weird. But But But But But But But But But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the um okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well like like right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm glad you're on. On okay well I mean you know uh well um okay the mend mend mend mend mend mend mend mend mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well um uh I mean Friday night and you were sounding a little rough rough rough rough rough rough rough rough rough. But at but at but at but at but at but at but at but at at at at at at at at at but at least you know, you stuck it you know well okay um okay like like like like like like like like like okay okay out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate so for so um so okay well you know um well this episode or actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually before I get started with the episode make sure you're like like so um so so so so so so so so so well you know I mean following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing a lot well um well like um well um you know of things things things things things things things things things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean um like so well well. Good job, but also we we we we we we we we we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this this this this this this this this this I mean well uh so you know I mean you know well stuff? You haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it so you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean well uh all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a podcast really so well, first so so you know like so um so well well well well well well well well well of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So So So So So So So So So are well okay I mean like so so like like we just dumping dumping dumping dumping dumping dumping dumping dumping dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean so uh you know you know things with it then? Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to you know um well I mean um um um um um um um um um um uh you know record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or your computer. Wow. That is I mean you know um uh so you know I I I I I I I I I mean um so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just it just it just it it it it it it it it it just it just it just it just it just it just on anchor or or or or or or or or or does it go anywhere I mean okay well um well like I mean um um um um um um um um um else after you post it? Well, once well, once well, once well, once well, once once once once once once once once once well, once well, once well, once well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out out out out out out out out out uh well uh so like um like okay so I can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You um um you know so so like like like like like like like like like well um don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there there there there there there there there there any like uh um I mean you know I mean so I mean way to to to to to to to to to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your like you you you you you you you you you know you know well okay so okay uh podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay uh okay money man. That is awesome. So what you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're saying is it's everything you need like I mean um like well um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well well like so well you know okay um. Let me explain. It's a proof proof proof proof proof proof proof proof proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit um so so like like like like like like like like like well uh uh um your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your your your your your podcast for okay like like uh uh you know like like you. So So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you well okay um um um um um um um um um like uh well uh um can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need uh you know like like you know okay like like like like like like like like like well to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition proposition proposition proposition proposition proposition proposition proposition proposition last year okay uh well well okay um uh well three of my friends had had had had had had had had had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience um okay so uh like like like like like like like like like you know I mean you know. The two parties are engaged and right before the the the the the the the the the wedding the girl told him uh okay well okay you know well so so that that that that that that that that that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know so so um like the girl ran away with her boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, so well so so you know well well well well well well well well well um I mean but within a month my friend found out that she was still still still still still still still still still in touch with you know well you know you know well okay well well well well well well well well well like her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for for for for for for for for for divorce well well uh like you know well um like right away. Such experience has has has has has has has has has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to like like like like like like like like like you know well like uh like well like be explaining to each and and and and and and and and and every single male out there specifically how to become well well um well you know um um um um um um um um um um uh more masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that that that that that that that that that this is um I mean I mean you know well well okay you know such such such such such such such such such an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually like I mean like I mean well you know you know so control their Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control okay well well well well well well well well well uh you know so like I mean okay of what they would like and as a man this this this this this this this this this is important to your okay you know I mean uh I mean um you you you you you you you you you know like success. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not and not and and and and and and and and and not and not and not and not and not and not and not only that that that that that that that that that if you want well so you know um I mean you know you know so so so so so so so so so to become a man of value so that way other men or other other other other other other other other other people in general you know um well okay uh okay okay uh can lean on on on on on on on on on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's so here's so here's so so so so so so so so so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's the well you know know know know know know know know know uh I mean I mean you know like okay deal. If you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um like so I mean who cannot sit there and focus for two two two two two two two two two to five minutes, you're not going to do very well like I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay you know like. Okay, because this video might take me me me me me me me me me a little bit to explain so I mean I mean okay uh you know know know know know know know know know uh you know okay grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't take five to ten minutes to like like well uh okay you know well um um um um um um um um um learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring so okay you know I mean um okay well you know this week. Only us us us us us us us us us only us only us only us only us only us only us only us only us us us us us us us us us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean so well the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend I'm good okay you know I mean well okay um okay okay feels a a a a a a a a a bit lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times you know know know know know know know know know like uh you know I mean you know um like it does. Obviously we we we we we we we we we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all so so so so so so so so so okay so so well um you know uh due respect to Rob our amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill you know like so so so so so so so so so um well so okay well krob not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob has an awesome guest but okay so you know okay um well so okay we we we we we we we we we had our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic you you you you you you you you you know okay you know like you know so like I mean on the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast last week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you okay okay well well well well well well well well well I mean well like well so guys want to hop on the blue Capital hotline hotline hotline hotline hotline hotline hotline hotline hotline drop your phone number is well I mean um um okay okay uh um down down down down down down down down down. So myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so so so so so so so so so uh um uh like well um you know like we got our first contestant. Are you you you you you you you you you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All well like okay so uh okay you you you you you you you you you know well right, so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh well uh so well okay there are hundreds possibly thousands of of of of of of of of of inmates sitting on death row who will probably so well so like so um well well well well well well well well well uh die of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 1984 I mean you know um uh like um okay you know a man man man man man man man man man was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment you know so so so so so so so so so I mean you know like well you know um. He was arrested this man wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow so well well well well well well well well well well well okay so so well old in prison and 34 years later. He got got got got got got got got got his wish so if you like you know so you know uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day day day day day day day day day with well okay I mean so so you know so you know a morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning cup of murder. Edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know you know like you know okay like most of his life in in in in in in in in in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here here here here here here here here here I mean you know um so well I mean like so at Tommy's high high high high high high high high high school. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so I so I thought maybe I would go around and okay well like you you you you you you you you you know uh um I mean um do something special a little bit different going going going going going going going going going to go around and ask random teachers you know so well like well um uh um um um um um um um um um if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well uh uh okay uh pull a question out of the grab bag. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going uh uh um like you know so so so so so so so so so uh you know to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure I'm sure I'm sure in like um like um uh well well so the meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another well you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well you know you know official guest and I cannot wait to interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview our next guest here on between two uh uh well uh I mean like like like like like like like like like well I mean Blue Devils. This individual this individual this individual this individual this individual individual individual individual individual individual individual individual individual this individual this individual this individual this individual is awesome. And the story that that that that that that that that that they're going to share uh I mean uh so so so so I mean with with with with with with with with with you is unbelievable. So you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so you so you so you want to make sure you tune in this this this this this this this this this you know you know okay um so like okay uh weekend. Make sure make make make make make make make make make sure make sure make sure make sure make sure make sure make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of so I mean you know well well so like uh wisdom from the ancient philosophies philosophies philosophies philosophies philosophies philosophies philosophies philosophies philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor uh uh like so um I I I I I I I I I mean okay well of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide you through like well like I mean you know you know uh you know this reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know I mean well was 342 the mere fact that that that that that that that that that people endure the same pain more easily when they you know I mean okay like like like like like like like like like you know well okay you know voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country country country country country country country country country then when they suffer okay uh I mean um like um well well it it it it it it it it it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast like like like like like like like like like well um you know you know well uh you know. Let me me me me me me me me me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know uh okay record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer and covid distribute your um like um um you know so uh like like like like like like like like like podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many you know so you know like I mean uh you know uh more more more more more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is um um um um um um um um um you know you know you know well like I mean okay everything you need to make make make make make make make make make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up so okay well well so so so so so so so so so uh I mean I mean or good Echo the FM to get started. No No No No No No No No No words just lightning breaking darkness well you know like uh um like uh well well well well well well well well well and crashing into the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went went went went went went went went went you know uh like so well uh like I mean on all night long. Okay, maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the okay uh um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know well bedroom was filled with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T T T T T T T T T starter, we okay I mean like okay okay I mean okay I mean think teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know well well um I mean um visit teach starter.com to make your your your your your your your your your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is okay well um um um um um um um um um um you know okay so uh is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save save save save save save save save save this listening goodness well well uh like uh um I mean um for later later later later later later later later later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional comedian I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh well so so okay well who inspires kids to love learning with with with with with with with with with his quirky sense of humor follow so you know okay you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and and and and and and and and and this is Friday well uh you know like like you know so okay fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun. He's with he's with he's with he's with he's with he's with he's with with with with with with with with with he's with he's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here here here here here here here here here well I mean well okay um like okay okay with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl you know well uh I mean uh like uh well. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron so you know you know so so well like well Mark and across from me is is is is is is is is is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? Oh okay okay you know like like like like like like like like like like um uh like good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You You You You You You You You You know, are we in well okay uh you know uh okay you know um the the the the the the the the the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for a a a a a a a a a while? um so okay okay um well well I mean Yeah, very nice up up up up up up up up up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, it's very very um um um um um um um um um well you know like like like I mean um soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it is it is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is it is it a dinosaur? dinosaur dinosaur dinosaur dinosaur dinosaur dinosaur dinosaur dinosaur No, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened whatever happened whatever happened whatever happened whatever happened whatever happened whatever happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened whatever happened whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the the the the the the the the the community. We um uh I mean like I mean um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? that that that that that that that that We uh like uh like um uh um like do that by finding the meaning of of of of of of of of of what happened. I really believe that you so you know like okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay can only win or learn in life. And if and if if if if if if if if if and if and if and if and if and if and if and if if if if if if if if if you're in pain, then that um uh like you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to to to to to to to to to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog adog adog adog adog adog adog adog adog that walks on on on on on on on on on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain you know I mean um um um um um um um um um I mean okay well okay like sight. This is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is no pop culture Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the infamous Michigan okay well I mean you know know know know know know know know know like I mean um uh Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more more more more more more more more more urban legends check like I mean okay okay I mean well uh you know out our our our our our our our our our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find you'll find you'll find find find find find find find find find you'll find you'll find you'll find you'll find you'll find you'll find new new new new new new new new new Spotify only episodes of urban legends uh you know like I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know well okay every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the the the the the the the the the graphic nature of this um uh um well so okay I mean um urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death death death death death death death death death uh I mean uh uh um you know I mean I mean. We advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really like you you you you you you you you you know so well uh so so so sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And I I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I and and and and and and and and and I mean well uh well well uh um okay this is understanding Edge. It's been been been been been been been been been a pretty crazy week and a half in the um um okay um um um um um um um um um uh like um um markets. We reached we reached we reached we reached we reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached reached we reached we reached we reached we reached out last week with three podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts covering domestic International uh you know so uh you know so like like like like like like like like like like equities as well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I I I I I I I I I like like you know okay like okay okay uh thought it would be beneficial to to to to to to to to to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay you know okay okay aux-in. To discuss to discuss to discuss to discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss to discuss to discuss to discuss to discuss to discuss what he saw over the the the the the the the the the last week and a half thoughts you know like you know you know so well so I I I I I I I I I mean on the FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and and and and and and and and and what we're you know like um uh well I mean okay um looking to do do do do do do do do do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this um um like like like like like like like like like well you know so I mean so. Thank you very much and enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured okay you know well you know know know know know know know know know I mean you know you know uh by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going going going going going going going going going so so well I mean like uh uh you know to be about irony and Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot well I mean you know know know know know know know know know like so like like um moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sorry we we we we we we we we we sorry we sorry we sorry we sorry we sorry we sorry we sorry we sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound a bit. Sorry. It will not uh uh I mean I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like sure about blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm okay. Fuck I'm so uh well well so uh okay so pissed off my my my my my my my my my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It okay you you you you you you you you you know okay okay like okay um well was only to the second point. So So So So So So So So So it was 14 minutes and I like um um okay well um like uh I I I I I I I I I mean to do before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do do do do do do do do do I mean you know you know so you know you know um um that that that that that that that that that. I could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to like so so so so so so so so so so um like so I mean okay I'm gonna quickly say sorry for for for for for for for for for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down you you you you you you you you you know well well uh um like so I mean the top 31 Sports scandals of the the the the the the the the the past 31 years today. We're traveling back okay like you know well um so so so so so so so so so you know um to 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for for for for for for for for for intentionally losing games well um so you know so so you know like to pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay um well uh like uh shocking sports events from history tune in right right right right right right right right right here every day to our you know you know you know uh well like so so so so so so so so so um March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March March March March March March March March March 1st 1995 uh like um okay well uh like uh as the final buzzer sounded the the the the the the the the the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the um so you know well like um I I I I I I I I I mean you know Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None None None None None None None None None of none of none of none of none of none of none of none of of of of of of of of of none of the Northwestern players looked okay uh uh uh so okay I mean well well well well well well well well well happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your so like well okay I mean well like okay host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical I mean well okay so so so so so so so so so I mean you know okay well Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online online online online online online online online online group therapy platform model okay okay okay well okay like uh you know that that that that that that that that that care. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and I mean so so so so so so so so so I mean well so I mean so um stress, please join us each week as we we we we we we we we we share real sessions with actual I mean so you know okay uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood mood mood mood mood mood mood mood mood disorders and stress you know well I mean well um uh I mean you you you you you you you you you know will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will will will will will will will will will follow our okay so um I mean okay well like uh guests as they overcome their their their their their their their their their biggest fears and find that despite their biological uh so I mean well like like like like like like like like like like so like vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful life with with with with with with with with with a reputed approach um you know uh um like so you know like a strength strength strength strength strength strength strength strength strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well well I mean um um um um um um um um um like well uh um okay to help them generalize those skills towards areas where where where where where where where where where their stock my model so uh well so well like I mean like for Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on even on even even even even even even even even even on even on even on even on even on even on even on this Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth I mean I mean well okay well okay well um for 20 years old sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know well I mean well I mean you you you you you you you you you know well so I mean where to take month unless you just just just just just just just just just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not okay you know like um um like like like like like like like like like like you know necessary. Bro, you bro, you bro, you bro, you bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, you bro, you bro, you bro, you bro, you know what? I'll be ruined ruined ruined ruined ruined ruined ruined ruined ruined if I'm not even talking to okay um uh okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from from from from from from from from from a so you know well well so so I mean okay wise doctor. Why do do do do do do do do do why do why do why do why do why do why do why do why why why why why why why why why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for uh um um um um um um um um um okay I mean you know well I mean so me yeah, like resolutions like structure you you you you you you you you you as a person in it. Mmm. So why um well okay like you know know know know know know know know know uh okay so do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions obviously resolutions obviously resolutions resolutions resolutions resolutions resolutions resolutions resolutions resolutions resolutions obviously resolutions obviously resolutions obviously resolutions obviously resolutions obviously resolutions obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is you you you you you you you you you know well so well you know okay okay you know the app that I I I I I I I I I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I like well I I I I I I I I I mean well well I mean uh uh first got started with the podcast and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an well uh like uh uh well um um um um um um um um um okay app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool tool tool tool tool tool tool tool tool uh um like like you know um uh I mean that allows you to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or okay you know like like like like like like like like like okay um uh um so computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's so incredibly easy so it can be well okay so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so um heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got got got got got got got got got distribute it to you know okay well I mean like I mean like um um um um um um um um um Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean uh um well you know like you can make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well okay like like I mean um everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to I mean well uh I I I I I I I I I mean well like I mean uh get started making a podcast or have an amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing idea download the free anchor so okay I mean like I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I I I I I I I I I am so so okay I mean uh like so like okay excited to bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this and this and this and this and and and and and and and and and this and this and this and this and this is your everyday positivity on I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean um like I mean okay well Vale. I was scrolling through Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder um um uh I mean like like like like like like like like like uh well okay song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? it it it it it it it it And all it you know well um well okay like you know so did for for for for for for for for for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so I mean okay so you know you know all time, which which which which which which which which which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first like um um um um um um um um um um um like like uh so of all when you come up with a a a a a a a a a song lyric like that, you've got to so I mean well uh I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know uh go. Um, man, um, man, um, man, um, man, um, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, um, man, um, man, um, man, um, man, I've nailed life love is in need need need need need need need need need of Love Today uh uh like okay like like uh uh and He's my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the like well well well well well well well well well okay um um so you know um message on it. Is that Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's in Need of Love today? We need we need we need we need we we we we we we we we we need we need we need we need we need to give the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like like like well like like love back to ourselves to for for for for for for for for for loved it. It's that it's that it's that it's that it's that it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's that it's that it's that it's that cycle and I uh uh you know know know know know know know know know I mean um so well uh wanted to get you to consider that you can can can can can can can can can apply this to lots of things so I mean so I mean um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost Outpost Outpost Outpost Outpost Outpost Outpost Outpost Outpost the I mean um so well well uh I mean you know joy of of of of of of of of of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually you you you you you you you you you know so you know okay uh so you know uh making books and when you you you you you you you you you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing so like well you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean event because we don't teach this in school to people but this this this this this this this this this is really one like okay I mean so um okay you know so of those those those those those those those those those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off so so so so so so so so so well I mean uh well um um so if they made a book at least least least least least least least least least once in their life, right Holly. My uh okay so I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well okay uh parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely keep making those books you know like uh so so I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like. We need we need we need we need we need we need we need we we we we we we we we we need we need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and and and and and and and and and it's you know well okay uh uh okay okay okay all going digital and and and and and and and and and we just don't have much of a record anymore with like well you know um I I I I I I I I I mean uh well okay everything disappearing everything from paper. You know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast okay I mean like uh I mean okay you know so. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like like I mean okay like uh but not sure if it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's going to be something you want to keep up with like you know well well well well well well well well well um like you know uh I mean. There's no there's no there's no there's no no no no no no no no no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no money to put put put put put put put put put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works you know uh um um um um um um um um um like well you know you know you know out great, you keep doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing it at no cost but there was no money I mean uh well well well well well well well well well so I mean like like like out of your pocket, which was a big big big big big big big big big incentive for me to want to I mean okay okay so um like um okay go go go go go go go go go with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your podcast well I mean uh uh I mean you know uh so right from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh um you know like so you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more um uh like like so like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I I I I I I I I I have not so like you know uh so okay like okay found that any other other other other other other other other other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know uh uh like uh in one place download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We We We We We We We We We talked like uh um I mean well um uh okay to an interesting person person person person person person person person person at a bit of pop culture was important when they okay um uh you know know know know know know know know know I mean well so I mean were young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor editor editor editor editor editor editor editor editor of the journal body like you know like um okay you know um so. I I I I I I I I I wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome hello, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to to to to to to to to to well well well um uh like uh okay the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you you you you you you you you you think I'm interesting like Seriously well like okay you know okay well so well start start start start start start start start start with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um like well um I am in real life. Well, I'm well, I'm well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm super excited but but but but but but but but but you're not talked about I mean okay um uh well like um like yet because because because because because because because because because it was super important to me as well introduce this person. So so well like you you you you you you you you you know you know like you know so yes, I'm going to talk about Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant I mean like okay like well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about well well well well well well well well well well like so um I mean you know well talking to you about money. But But But But But But But But But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love you know okay you know like like like like like like like like like okay well well um Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how how how how how how how how how much money uh I mean well like so um so you know you have have have have have have have have have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like like well uh like life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships and all that good stuff. I get you know uh so I mean well I I I I I I I I I mean um so so many questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some Some VIP. So this um I mean okay uh well well okay so is our time for for for for for for for for for us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So so so I I I I I I I I I mean well uh um um well here we go dear Lynn. I have been in in in in in in in in in a committed relationship for 15 years. We uh we uh we uh we uh we we we we we we we we we uh we uh we uh we uh we uh uh I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am but but but but but but but but but it's like you know uh I mean um so um uh a a a a a a a a a little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their families. I you know know know know know know know know know I mean you know like like so uh okay promise I am genuinely happy for for for for for for for for for them. But I'm but I'm but I'm but I'm but I'm but I'm but but but but but but but but but I'm but I'm but I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor five five five five five five five five five you know like so okay okay you know um so of the absolute hottest on on on on on on on on on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff you know um uh like um like like like like like like like like like um so Wilson by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I I I I I I I I I invest in sports okay like well okay like uh you know you know car. Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please. Join me join me join me join me join me join me join me join me me me me me me me me me join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all love uh you know know know know know know know know know um I mean okay okay like okay. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to to to to to to to to to another top five Tuesday. And wow uh um like like uh you know um well well well well well well well well well. Do I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card card card card card card card card card Market is well you know okay um okay well uh I mean on fire and and and and and and and and and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay I mean I mean okay um can't wait to tell you about them them them them them them them them them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My My My My My My My My My name okay I mean okay okay so okay okay okay is Gavin here with co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have a wonderful guest okay you know um um um um um um um um um um so okay so I mean on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city city city city city city city city city. And of course all things RSL so you know uh so like um like well well well well well well well well well about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? Adam? Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam I mean uh like so well I mean I mean okay I'm doing pretty good today today today today today today today today today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should say rough like well um well like like like like like like like like like uh so I mean game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my my my my my my my my my podcast, I mean like so uh I mean I mean like well I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in general general general general general general general general general so like you know you know so so I mean I mean when when when when when when when when when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so that that that that that that that that that like like well uh well so you know I mean until I found what anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean well okay well so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting few days ago and you must uh so uh like so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean try this. If you are looking at doing a a a a a a a a a podcast yourself, why don't you uh uh well well well you know well well well well well well well well well uh try it, you know as for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when but when but when when when when when when when when when but when but when but when but when but when but when when I get get get get get get get get get a release okay uh you know okay um okay I mean you know for for for for for for for for for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget the choreography choreography choreography choreography choreography choreography choreography choreography choreography and uh uh so um you know well uh I mean I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened to the like well well well well well well well well well well okay like I mean well I mean songs and I have them them them them them them them them them on the whole time. Like when I'm in the shower like like well I I I I I I I I I mean like okay okay I mean when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry laundry when I'm training gym, I well uh you know well like um I I I I I I I I I mean uh just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but but but but but but but but but I'm not so you know uh I mean okay I mean uh like like like like like like like like like even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just filled I I I I I I I I I mean well well well okay okay well you know music and what happens Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all these uh um um so like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going to be be be be be be be be be well like um you know you know um well uh or when it will will will will will will will will will be but it just happens after you listen to it okay well um well I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean so for a while and then when you actually then then then then then then then then then go right let's plug in you know well uh so so like like you know know know know know know know know know and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you teach so well well well well well well well well well so like well well I mean like your already naturally in the music. So those those those those those those those those those little moments that your son or little I mean so so okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related related related related related related related related related well I mean like well okay okay you know like to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and and and and and and and and and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment well you know know know know know know know know know okay uh you know uh you know uh our bodies and the rural economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for and for and for and for and for and for for for for for for for for for and for and for and for this first okay um um like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um episode of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into into into into into into into into into the farm crisis okay so you know you know well I mean well um um um um um um um um um of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what what what what what what what what what its so so okay okay I mean okay like I mean cost both farmers and and and and and and and and and consumers and there's no one better to address that topic than okay okay so you you you you you you you you you know you know so okay you know Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting for working Americans. He's been a you know I mean I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know um uh I mean farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in in in in in in in in in the Missouri House of uh you know uh okay uh um so so Representatives and and and and and and and and and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a you you you you you you you you you know uh so you know okay like like I mean little bit about about about about about about about about about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts. I absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely so well I mean like well well okay okay love it. It's completely free free free free free free free free free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that allow you well I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean I mean to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from your phone or your computer and anchor uh uh so you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and many well uh you know so well okay okay um other platforms you you you you you you you you you are able to make money from your podcast. You don't need you know know know know know know know know know uh you know so I mean well you know so to have a minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. And it's just really everything that you need to make a you know know know know know know know know know well I mean well I mean so uh you know podcast in one place. So So So So So So So So So I find it really useful and accessible and really helpful. You um so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like like um can download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get so okay okay I mean um like like like like like like like like like so so started and I'm telling you it's just like the easiest way to get get get get get get get get get your feet wet well well like so um um okay uh and jump into into into into into into into into into creating your own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 um um um um um um um um um so you know so um um um um minutes. You'll be inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good so so so so so so so so so so I mean so okay so okay you know morning and welcome to the Flightline Flightline Flightline Flightline Flightline Flightline Flightline Flightline Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh well okay like few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 minutes of motivation well um uh well um like you know um some inspiration some some some some some some some some some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from like so I mean you know like like like like like like like like like so like okay the word of God that will help you verify and identify the plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan of God for um so um so so so I mean you you you you you you you you you know your life if you'd like to know that and if you want want want want want want want want want to orient and just well uh well I mean you know uh so I mean to to to to to to to to to the plan then you can do so you have freedom and privacy to do do do do do do do do do that uh you know you know so I mean you know I mean so so so so so so so so so. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me let me let me uh well I mean uh I mean uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your I mean so you know so you know um you know uh podcast right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So um you know know know know know know know know know I mean um um okay you know um it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can make money from um okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh well I mean your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make podcasts like okay well okay well okay okay so in one place place place place place place place place place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get uh you you you you you you you you you know I mean um so like so uh started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking um you know know know know know know know know know um I mean um so well okay to you about money, but not just just just just just just just just just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology well well uh so uh well um um um um um um um um um so and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you okay I I I I I I I I I mean like so um okay like well have in your bank account. It's about about about about about about about about about establishing Harmony in your personal life um uh you know uh uh uh like like like like like like like like like like your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. My you my you my you my you my you my you my you my you you you you you you you you you my you know so uh uh I mean like you know like name name name name name name name name name is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear okay like you know I mean you know like you know well talk about something something something something something something something something something that is kind of alien to me. I am not so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know you know uh very I'm very informed on this this this this this this this this this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, you okay, you okay, you you you you you you you you you okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well okay you know uh Karen tell me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here here here here here here here here here on there. Yes, you washed I mean okay well well like um you know know know know know know know know know like Beyblade. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when when when when when when when when when I mean um uh um um okay well um we grew up so so so so so so so so so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 so I mean uh um um um um um um um um um like like okay okay 1 let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it it it it it it it it it was a I mean I mean um um uh like okay well throwback and and and and and and and and and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they so so so so so so so so so you know uh so well like um okay were kids. They just don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan okay uh uh like like like like like like like like like I mean okay uh uh Ninja Hattori. They're all they're all they're all they're all they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're all they're all they're all they're all they're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real real real real real real real real real stories um okay um okay you know so um you know from modern-day disciples. My My My My My My My My My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister okay well like like I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean okay at st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, Jose, Jose, Jose, Jose, Jose, Jose, Jose, Jose, California in my name is Ana well uh well well well well so so Fuentes. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California okay like you you you you you you you you you know so I mean okay you know um. Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home home home home home home home home home late you guys we have a super um um um well uh like well um um um um um um um um um special episode for you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe a well okay you know so I mean um um um week. Yeah. I'm due due due due due due due due due I'm due I'm due I'm due I'm due I'm due I'm due I'm due I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for oh for oh for oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh for oh for oh for oh for oh for oh for sure for so you you you you you you you you you know you know well well so so um sure. Butts were in our our our our our our our our our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well like so I mean edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we we we we we we we we we do so we unfortunately don't uh okay I mean so so so well so so so so so so so so so have a guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're okay okay well well well well well well well well well you know um I mean well like going to do some things that are a a a a a a a a a little different from what we usually do on a well so okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh okay podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of of of of of of of of of the uh you know like well okay like so uh episode of you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well you know like so uh you know and ground them in in in in in in in in in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name um so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so uh I mean is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to to to to to to to to to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy so so you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know uh to understand scientific research. So you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you can walk away with practical practical practical practical practical practical practical practical practical tools to create radical I mean well you know you know I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um like transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also also also also also also also also also having I mean um okay so so like well well a new guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder okay so I I I I I I I I I mean so so I mean so uh who is a life coach and a biofield healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing immersion practitioner and she also um you know I mean well um um um um um um um um um um you know so happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Oh, yeah. Um, well like so like uh I mean you know well but but but but but but but but but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you do you you you you you you you you you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean well so I mean I mean um want to to to to to to to to to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well well well well well well well well well uh um well I mean I mean okay well um is a complete babe babe babe babe babe babe babe babe babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live. How's everybody I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so like uh uh well going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks give thanks give thanks give thanks give thanks give thanks give thanks give thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop okay you know so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean okay doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start start start start start start start start start training your dog. Hey, guys, okay uh I mean well uh well you know know know know know know know know know um how are you? Chef Kelvin chef Kelvin chef Kelvin chef Kelvin chef Kelvin chef Kelvin chef chef chef chef chef chef chef chef chef Kelvin chef Kelvin chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the I mean like like like like like like like like like um like like um uh uh what would you have to show when you do a a a a a a a a a one-hour show today? It's because I'm uh you know you know you know um um um um um um um um um uh um like still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've Invest lean on my like so okay so uh like well I mean feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight um like so um well um uh so Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my God having a baby. I'm Gonna I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um well Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your your your your your your your your your graduations. It's gonna it's gonna it's gonna it's gonna it's gonna it's gonna it's gonna it's gonna it's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening you're listening you're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the the the the the the the the the podcast by estheticians for well so you know like like like like you know estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals you you you you you you you you you know like so okay like um well well perspective. We're diving we're diving we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're diving we're diving we're diving we're diving we're diving we're diving we're diving diving diving diving diving diving diving diving diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys in separating so so so so so so so so so well um well you know like uh so the gimmicks from the real real real real real real real real real heroes in skincare. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the treatment room. Hi you know um like like like like like like like like like well well well I mean I mean everybody, welcome back to the treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess and I well like so um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions. We would love to like you know I mean I mean um um uh so answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering the questions that are like so so so so so so so so so you know well well I mean um uh top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table table table table table table table table table um uh like like well so um so Chronicles. So today we are are are are are are are are are going to be having a very special guest on which I mean like so so so so so so so so so uh you know uh I mean uh is Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to to to to to to to to to say the oldest but not the first my I mean um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well well um daughter Carly will be on later on talking to us today today today today today today today today today because we have okay um like I mean so so well so stumbled. On On On On On On On On On this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay well um um so well was on America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but but but but but but but but but yeah, but yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I I I I I I I I I um uh so um uh um okay uh have for you. Hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you I mean well well well well well well well well well okay well you know I mean you know um podcast? This episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this this this episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the okay like like like like like like like like like like I mean um like I mean um video as well as the falling falling falling falling falling falling falling falling falling music video which came out today as we're uh like like uh uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna like like like like like like like like like so like okay okay um you know so talk about nylon Harry because that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's our favorite thing to do and we so like um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know I mean have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're and you're and you're and you're and and and and and and and and and you're and you're and you're and you're and you're listening to we live in a a a a a a a a a so um um well okay you know you know uh music Society. This podcast is is is is is is is is is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so well uh um I think are doing really cool things right now now now now now now now now now and ask them questions about all I mean well uh so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle angle angle angle angle angle angle angle angle. So we're talking well well like well well um okay so about the lived lived lived lived lived lived lived lived lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and you know uh so so so so so so so so so uh so okay um like listen to the music that we do welcome back back back back back back back back back to we live in a music Society well okay uh so uh um you know know know know know know know know know uh. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get to call call call call call call call call call I mean like you know uh so uh you know okay one of my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode today's episode today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cheese made with only okay well okay um like well uh so the freshest milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning you know know know know know know know know know um uh so uh so like okay Bagel. Now where you get that big ol ol ol ol ol ol ol ol ol should be the only subject for okay uh you know you know okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been been been been been been been been been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia well you know well okay like uh so you know know know know know know know know know schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan. I'm well um you know uh okay like I mean um joined by by by by by by by by by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has the floor. Best I I I I I I I I I mean um uh like so okay I mean like day for Holiday to be be be be be be be be be during the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day you know okay so you you you you you you you you you know so so you know so weekend is an inferior option to just having a a a a a a a a a random holiday in the well like like so uh um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted all okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh well um you know like of our holidays on to Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay I mean like like uh you know have some piping hot tea for for for for for for for for for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting uh uh well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean like your very own podcast? What now? You can with this this this this this this this this this really cool app called well well like like you know I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a a a a a a a a a creation like okay so okay like um I mean okay tool that allows you to record and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or uh like okay um well well well well well well well well well uh okay so your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for you. So it can be so so you know okay uh uh um I I I I I I I I I mean heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your your your your your your your your your like like like I mean well like uh you know podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything. You need in a podcast in okay you know you know so I mean you know know know know know know know know know uh so one place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor FM is what like well so uh um okay so you know type in hat hat hat hat hat hat hat hat hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely okay you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean you know I mean like so teeth bringing you the hottest trending trending trending trending trending trending trending trending trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely um uh uh I I I I I I I I I mean um uh well uh. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney plus I mean okay okay you know okay I mean uh I mean series series series series series series series series series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at BR BR BR BR BR BR BR BR BR Marvel you know um like um uh so okay uh news showing Sofia demartino demartino demartino demartino demartino demartino demartino demartino demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and gold that well you know so so so so so so so so so uh uh well okay okay is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was this was was was was was was was was was this was this was this was this was this was this was this was a a a a a a a a a rumor that was circulating not long um well uh okay uh okay well you you you you you you you you you know ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what we'll okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well uh well you know uh uh be getting. This also leads us to wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid Loki um um okay um well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or or or or or or or or or straight out of okay you know well uh okay um so so the comics. In fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, he's changed his form quite a few times after being brought I mean so so so so so so so so so okay like I mean well um I mean back to them dead. And it and it it it it it it it it it and it and it and it and it and it and it and it looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks like we're getting at least two versions so you know well I mean like I I I I I I I I I mean okay well um will be fun to see what else we might might might might might might might might might see in the upcoming Loki. Are you okay like like you know I I I I I I I I I mean well well um excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like to to to to to to to to to see in the like so so okay well okay so I mean comments and be be be be be be be be be sure to hit that like button and subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel uh so um uh I mean um like well for more in-depth conversations head head head head head head head head head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 pm well like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know so. Right here right here right here right here right here right right right right right right right right right here right here right here right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like to to to to to to to to to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean you know okay okay I mean start brushing on the the the the the the the the the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush well so so so so so so so so so so like like okay so like around each to the ring. It's heroines week where where where where where where where where where every day we talk about heroic women well you know so you know you know know know know know know know know know um you know well who changed history tonight. We have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have the story of of of of of of of of of the warrior Queen yayoi-san trois um uh like like well well I mean you you you you you you you you you know. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay I mean okay so I mean Kingdom and an African country that that that that that that that that that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti the Ashanti the Ashanti the Ashanti the Ashanti the the the the the the the the the Ashanti the Ashanti the Ashanti the Ashanti people had uh you know so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay okay many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy Anthony? uh well uh um um like you know you know It's going on on on on on on on on on and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy it's boy it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's boy it's boy it's boy it's boy it's boy it's boy it's boy Ralph Ralph Ralph Ralph Ralph Ralph Ralph Ralph Ralph so um like um um um you know um. It's up. Its Eli and Welcome to to to to to to to to to our podcast. So this is the first so you know you know I mean like like like like like like like like like so well uh episode. We're trying to get it started the podcast came about with with with with with with with with with just you know well well uh well you know um you know an idea one night night night night night night night night night and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a so I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh well shot and now here we are. So yeah, it's just the the the the the the the the the boys doing what uh okay well um um well I mean well we normally do every weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, weekend, but we figured why not let our viewers um you know uh I I I I I I I I I mean well you know well so and people outside of our group you're our our our our our our our our our thoughts and certain Interest on so so so so so uh I mean uh topics throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout this community huge shout out to all the Facebook people already 190 well well well well well well well well well well um um well well okay you know. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty close we're late well uh like like well well okay so. But But But But But But But But But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in in in in in in in in in a well uh well you know uh I mean um okay series of slangs now now now now now now now now now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale for um well well well well well well well well well um like you know like I mean like anyone traveling alone. If you you you you you you you you you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um um well well like to listen to more True Crime events from history history history history history history history history history. Check out our Series today and I mean I mean I mean um uh you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean True Crime. You can you can you can you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can find new episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes every day follow today in True Crime. On um I mean okay so um well well well well well well well well well you know you know Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March March March March March March March March March 4th 2020 on this you know uh um so so well well well day in 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh you know you know uh raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are we are we are we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are back with back back back back back back back back back so like uh like you know uh you know so baby after a a a a a a a a a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going like I mean um you you you you you you you you you know like I mean okay okay to be a Christmas break. We're gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna uh okay uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way way way way way way way way way and we have well like well like uh well so well no excuses. Just let's just just just just just just just just just you know, he's busy he is busy and then we so okay so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh I mean came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed arsed arsed arsed arsed arsed arsed arsed arsed know. I'm gonna be completely I mean well uh you know okay like well well well well well well well well well you know honest with you. We promote we promote we promote we promote we promote we we we we we we we we we promote we promote we promote we promote realism like we weren't in the the the the the the the the the mood but we okay I mean like I mean like you know uh you you you you you you you you you know felt a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though though though though though though though though though a lot okay so so like okay okay you know I mean of people people people people people people people people people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, can no, can no, can no, can no, can no, can no, can no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, can I get a what-what? well okay I mean like like okay you know you you you you you you you you you know Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what what what what what what what what what we all okay like I mean I mean um well you know I mean wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger danger danger danger danger danger danger danger danger I mean I mean okay um I mean okay well so. He dies dies dies dies dies dies dies dies dies. I die. Most important most important most important most important most important most important most most most most most most most most most important most important most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day 90 day 90 day 90 day 90 day 90 day 90 day 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 90 day 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so um like um so I mean going on? I need a fam we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're back for another day another week okay okay uh okay okay uh you know I I I I I I I I I mean some more than 90 so welcome back to the first episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 2 of the um so so so well uh um um new season. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know so okay uh you know me just tell you really really really really really really really really really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like well okay well love okay so off the top as usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before okay well you know so well like like like like like like like like like well um we get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I I I I I I I I I okay so uh so you know you know so well want to talk about about about about about about about about about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a a a a a a a a a um okay well so well I mean um like daily devotional where we dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig into God's word and explore what it means to live uh I mean well well well well well well well well well so I mean okay well like with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians second Corinthians second Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians second Corinthians second Corinthians second Corinthians second Corinthians second Corinthians second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 through 18. So we do uh okay you know you know uh you you you you you you you you you know I mean like not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting wasting wasting wasting wasting wasting wasting wasting wasting away. Our inner our inner our inner our inner our inner our inner inner inner inner inner inner inner inner inner our inner our inner our inner self is um I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so well I mean being renewed day by day for this this this this this this this this this light momentary Affliction is preparing for so like okay uh you know I mean um um um um um um um um um like us an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not not not not not not not not not to so like um you know well uh like uh the things that are seeing but but but but but but but but but to the things that are unseen for the things that so so like like like like like like like like like okay so okay um like are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want I want I want I want I want I want want want want want want want want want I want I want I want to tell you about something that I like like like like like like like like like. It's anchor it's anchor it's anchor it's anchor it's anchor it's anchor it's anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's anchor it's anchor if uh uh like okay uh so um so you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first off so so so so so so so so so okay like well like I mean um I mean. It's free doesn't cost you a a a a a a a a a dime. In fact, it can make you money um um um you know um uh like like like like like like like like like you know. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right okay I mean you know you know I mean well so okay from your your your your your your your your your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so I mean well well uh have been completely made on. My phone anchor will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you you know uh so you know um okay okay so. So So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you like like like like like like like like like I mean like like well um like so would download a podcast. This one's one's one's one's one's one's one's one's one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order I mean you know like like like like like like like like like you know uh I mean I mean well to Make money from your your your your your your your your your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record okay you know well like like like like like like like like like so like I mean you know the ones that you want and they go go go go go go go go go on your podcast. It's everything that uh uh well so like well so like you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always always always always always always always always always okay okay I mean uh okay um uh I mean wanted to start start start start start start start start start a podcast, but never known where to start now, I mean so like uh um um um um um um um um um okay well uh you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have we have we have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor for uh uh okay you know I mean so like um giving us a platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is you know know know know know know know know know I mean well uh well uh okay so free. Okay, first and foremost, foremost, foremost, foremost, foremost, foremost, foremost, foremost, foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow you um um okay well so so so so so so so so so I mean uh you know to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from your phone and computer. Anchor will you know you know you know well okay so so so so so so so so so you know um also distribute your podcast for you so I can be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and you know well uh well uh well like like many many many many many many many many many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're extremely happy you you you you you you you you you know like um um like okay I mean you know to be partnered with with with with with with with with with them and using them to help make our podcast and I mean you know um um um um um um um um um uh uh well uh um you know, it's also an easy way for you to make make make make make make make make make money from the you know I mean I mean uh uh um so you you you you you you you you you know podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make make make make make make make make make like I mean you know uh well so um um a podcast all in one one one one one one one one one place. So if you're interested in doing something like this, you know so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so well like you know, go download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f uh I mean so well I mean um you know know know know know know know know know okay m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things things things things things things things things things LA Galaxy uh um uh um okay um so okay. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what up? well so uh okay um well um um um um um um um um um okay What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like like like like like like like like like so you know uh well well well like so them. Anyway, when we show show show show show show show show show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on top top top top top top top top top so you know you know you know uh um well well and Blake all good good good good good good good good good. So today we are recording the first episode of the podcast that okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean I mean so like so we've been talking about recording for at at at at at at at at at least two or three months. He has you know well uh so so so so so so so so so well well okay well smelt a long story short may not going to be be be be be be be be be in touch for a um you know um well I mean like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road road road road road road road road road and well well I mean so uh um okay I mean we thought that that that that that that that that that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help a few like so so so so so so so so so okay well so like I mean you know older. So this so this so this so so so so so so so so so this so this so this so this so this so this is all very very very very very very very very very much part in those thoughts into action uh you know okay like so well well well well well well well well well so so. And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of of of of of of of of of our conversations okay well like you know okay so um well recording and Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to do uh so I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean like uh I mean. So, so first of all, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so you can get well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay like um to know us that more about who you actually listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened listened to and then down the like like well like so um um like like like like like like like like like line move very much want to delve into some of those deeper questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions that I mean um uh okay I mean okay so like may help help help help help help help help help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower well well well well well well well well well so you know okay you know I mean uh well here. We talked about everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find we find we find we find find find find find find find find find we find we find we find we find we find lessons and stories well well well well well well well well well well um you know you know um I mean like in the most unlikely of places. We call call call call call call call call call them modern-day Parables. So grab your favorite uh like okay well you know know know know know know know know know you know uh you know coffee tea juice or some high quality water and and and and and and and and and join us for this week's okay okay so you know okay like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of her you know know know know know know know know know okay so well well okay like like amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're a part of our family. Now, you're you know well um like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay part of our family. Now, you're now, you're now, you're now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're part of our our our our our our our our our family. Now, you're part of our um uh you know well okay okay um um um um um um um um um you know family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I okay okay um well you know um you know I I I I I I I I I mean just wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show like like like like like like like like like so I mean uh I mean okay you know you know notes. Hello. I have two two two two two two two two two questions that I'm pretty much already know the um so I mean you know um um um um um um um um um so I mean okay answer to but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, there's nothing better than so okay um uh well um so I mean to to to to to to to to to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just you you you you you you you you you know you know okay um I mean you know I mean um to to to to to to to to to hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you okay like okay um um um so you know ever hear me every time? Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now that's funny you got in it that far. My like okay well so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so question was sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to like like like like like like like like like so like okay you know okay I mean you know all of our favorite artists and and and and and and and and and podcasts in one place for free without a premium like uh well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh okay account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic plus you can okay you know uh um okay okay like uh follow your your your your your your your your your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download so um um um um um um um um um um okay you know like um uh episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily easily easily easily easily easily easily easily easily share what you're listening uh uh you know well like like um like to to to to to to to to to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, be like well so like I mean like um okay sure to download the Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse so so I I I I I I I I I mean um you know I mean well um podcasts in the your library library library library library library library library library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you uh you know uh well well well well well well well well well so uh okay I mean never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another another another another another another another another another Q&A edition of Optimal Health like well you know um you know okay uh well well well well well well well well well daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome back to to to to to to to to to so uh so I mean um you know well I mean another special Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the so the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the so the so the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And And And And And And And And And yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, and yes, um okay like like so you know um you know I have a coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like so okay I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings feelings about parenting and how hard like like you know okay you know so um I I I I I I I I I mean it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall fall fall fall fall fall fall fall fall into this you know like uh like I mean so uh well pattern of just beating beating beating beating beating beating beating beating beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I know you know know know know know know know know know well uh uh I mean um I mean I mean better than to do but I I I I I I I I I just kind of got caught in a loop like um so uh you know you you you you you you you you you know okay so and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something something something something something something something something something to me so very so I mean I mean um okay uh okay well profound and and and and and and and and and the shift that it has created since then has been so powerful that he I mean well well well well well well well well well like I mean um I mean so okay just knew that I had to share it it it it it it it it it with you. So that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Parker okay I mean like I mean I mean okay well uh link and and and and and and and and and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title like you you you you you you you you you know uh okay okay so okay like ideas for the podcast which we eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy uh um uh so well well well well well well well well well um so okay too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you you you you you you you you you have some um like I mean so well okay I mean I mean kind of of of of of of of of of beverage with you. You can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you can you can you can sip along with yes up along with us like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like okay so you know um with we got the doc you Pepe's Pepe's Pepe's Pepe's Pepe's Pepe's Pepe's Pepe's Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as well uh you know so like well you know know know know know know know know know um the beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually watch a you know well okay uh um I mean okay okay Lego Masters on on on on on on on on on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters uh um um um um um um um um um you know okay you know like uh I mean. So background on Lego Masters, it was was was was was was was was was we watching the Super Bowl. It was um like um okay okay so like so so so so so so so so so the Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape escape escape escape escape escape escape escape escape with okay uh so okay I mean uh you know okay Ford copilot 360 a suite suite suite suite suite suite suite suite suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built well you know like you know know know know know know know know know so um okay I mean to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter encounter encounter encounter encounter encounter encounter encounter encounter out on the road. They're so um uh you know so okay um like like like like like like like like like smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is today is is is is is is is is is today is today is today is today is today is today is today is is is is is is is is is Monday, March so uh okay uh well okay okay so 2nd 2020 on this this this this this this this this this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson um like um uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating cheating the Singapore you know like well I mean I mean I mean well you you you you you you you you you know exchange. He would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the the the the the the the the the collapse okay you know like you know I mean um um so of one of of of of of of of of of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't you don't you don't you don't you you you you you you you you you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't have time to study for for for for for for for for for boards, but so I mean um well um so you know uh you have have have have have have have have have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here you know um um um um um um um um um like okay um okay well um to help on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor professor professor professor professor professor professor professor professor at a Medical University covers you know well you know I mean well you you you you you you you you you know you know um one to two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We We We We We We We We We will um you know you know so uh so you know like cover all all all all all all all all all the important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original like um um um um um um um um um so you know I mean I mean so so board style question for the the the the the the the the the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you um um um um um um um um um you know uh well well you know um like need to do this. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm like okay you know okay you you you you you you you you you know uh you know uh your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified edified edified edified edified edified edified edified edified woman's life coach and I uh okay I mean you know okay uh so um hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean um you know I mean uh you know in this this this this this this this this this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money you know know know know know know know know know well so um like I mean so okay sex business feminine flow your brain brain brain brain brain brain brain brain brain energy and all the stuff to go through you know you know um um um um um um um um um um like uh well okay our heads. You will walk away from each episode with with with with with with with with with you chicken nuggets like okay um you know um you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and drink bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit so um okay like so uh uh like that people are thinking cook too afraid to to to to to to to to to say so if you didn't already see uh you know so okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um basically I had to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in in in in in in in in in New so um you know like uh like like I mean York. I'm just in in in in in in in in in Williamsburg now, but basically what happened is like the laws I mean you know you you you you you you you you you know you know like like um like in New York like crazy with like like like like like like like like like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting you know like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um I mean so a friend's apartment and then they the cops cops cops cops cops cops cops cops cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean so okay so like. Yeah. I had a first exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory exploratory session with a really bad therapists last uh you know well um okay you you you you you you you you you know so so weekend and she just like got right and did not try to to to to to to to to to you know okay you know okay I mean like uh well get to know me me me me me me me me me at all was like, what would you say is your well okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like um okay main issue? And I was like, let's fix fix fix fix fix fix fix fix fix this in one hour. I do I do I do I do I do I I I I I I I I I do I do I do I do like uh you know like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay the little we got 48 minutes. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm watching The Globe well well I mean um okay so like like truly. Yes got right right right right right right right right right down to business and I was like, I don't know I mean you know like like like like like like like like like well you know you know um uh. I guess I guess I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like I always need to be in control and she's like, you know know know know know know know know know okay you know well so so so um is that what you do comedy? And I I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I I I I I I I I I and I was like, I don't like well you know you know um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so I guess so, I don't know and she's like I am am am am am am am am am time that's comedy you know like um well okay okay I mean like help help help help help help help help help people feel like they're in control. I think I think I think I I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about about about about about about about about about well you know well like uh so uh okay God's word life purpose values and and and and and and and and and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply well I mean um like like like like like like like like like um okay so you know on things that matter most this way. We can we we we we we we we we we can we can we can we can we can we can we can we we we we we we we we we can experience a life full okay you know okay you know like so so so so so so so so so um well of meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want want want want want want want want want okay so you know um so uh you know okay you to tweet me me me me me me me me me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast like like um um um um um um um um um I mean well um you know so form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary Vee and just put so um you know like I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know uh hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can can can can can can can can can see your feedback on okay like like uh okay you know so like like like like like like like like like weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so uh so uh so well you like listening to the the the the the the the the the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's uh okay so you you you you you you you you you know you know you know so you know youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio I mean uh okay uh you know know know know know know know know know uh like uh experience everybody really excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn. Let's put let's put let's put let's put let's put let's put let's put let's put put put put put put put put put let's put um well well I mean so okay well you know in your your your your your your your your your phone numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in I I I I I I I I I mean you know um I mean okay well uh okay your phone number and your your your your your your your your your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I mean you you you you you you you you you know like so um well um um I have the super handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know you know um like right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes right? uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh well uh well you know you know okay uh um like I think so so so so so so so so so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm not using uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh so um you know like it, but what's happening today why why why why why why why why why I'm talking to you today is I mean so um you know you know know know know know know know know know so I mean uh because it's warm out. I think I think I think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think it's in in in in in in in in in the 50s to me. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is warm I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know I mean uh uh I mean um when outside was still wearing a light down down down down down down down down down coat. Had all my stuff with me as uh well uh well um um um um um um um um um um uh you know most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just taking out the trash. Too so too so too so too so too so so so so so so so so so too so too so too so too so so I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean like warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked. Thank you. Almost got killed by I mean I mean so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh uh someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So So So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I so I so I was too hot so like um like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into into into into into into into into into the I mean okay like okay um so uh I mean bank, that's that's different different different different different different different different different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel like a well okay I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay like so so failure and that's like any standard. So like if if if if if if if if if it's let's just say like I was I mean well like well so uh like like like like like like like like like like making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or 500 like in in in in in in in in in my so you know okay um okay I mean uh you know mind unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it out of like uh so so so so so so so so so you know okay like um okay nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know why I don't know okay okay um so so I mean okay uh how how how how how how how how how to put that stupid. Why do why do why do why do why why why why why why why why why do why do why do why do why do I feel that way? Why because because because because because because because because because you're comparing uh so um well I mean okay okay you know yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means. Yeah. Welcome you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean you know well so uh so to the business of a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love and I um I mean um uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so I mean am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner owner owner owner owner owner owner owner owner of a million so like I mean I mean so I mean um um um um um um um um um okay dollar online Empire. I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and like like like like like like like like like um um like uh you know uh you know this is gonna be our first first first first first first first first first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes uh I mean uh um um um um um um um um um uh you know so I mean. It's been a long time coming. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've been saying we're going to do okay I mean you know okay okay um um um um um um um um um I mean okay it for a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if if if if if if if if if you I mean okay so um like well you know um want to say the the the the the the the the the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh you know like like okay right. Let's get into this first podcast, you you you you you you you you you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks I mean okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um well okay so of it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful eventful eventful eventful eventful eventful eventful eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying I mean okay um well well like you know you you you you you you you you you know to figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, we'll get I mean you know okay well uh um so I mean a gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun gun. Sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry now sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, well well well well well well well well well um well okay so uh uh uh move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would would would would would would would would would always date um so so um like okay so um white guys until me me me me me me me me me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of this and like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean so you know well um I gave all of my family family family family family family family family family a sigh of relief. What's up RG Jazz. What's okay so so um I I I I I I I I I mean um you know um up with you? Nothing much nothing much nothing much nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing much nothing much nothing much nothing much nothing much nothing much harjeet you having a good good good good good good good good good day. I am I'm having a great so okay well you know okay well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up super early got a a a a a a a a a lot of so okay well so like you know you know like work done done done done done done done done done one for a walk worked out did some fun stuff and now well um um um um um um um um um like like okay um I mean well we're filming the podcast. I woke up late late late late late late late late late. I like what am I 9:30? okay okay like okay um uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I just been sluggish I I I I I I I I I mean uh um um so I mean uh so but I'm about to to to to to to to to to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by by by by by by by by by with um so like well okay uh well um my co-host Chris silver. Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for sure. You so you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so um like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean so so well know how we were talking. Am Am Am Am Am Am Am Am Am I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I am I am I meeting right now? I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I I I just I just I just I just I just got home well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean uh you know okay so from the gym. So I apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize for any background noises munching on some food uh uh like uh uh uh you know know know know know know know know know so. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at at at at at at at at at like so well um um well um uh the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy like like like like like like like like like um um I mean so I mean okay okay how in the world, you know how how how how how how how how how to make a podcast and I crack okay like so okay um um like well up because because because because because because because because because I am not tech savvy. I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I I I just I just I just I just I just use an app called anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor okay you know well so like so uh you know which I highly recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives it gives it gives it it it it it it it it it gives it gives it gives it gives it gives it gives you step-by-step okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh like well like you know directions on how to create your very very very very very very very very very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are uh like uh you know like so so so so so so so so so so so free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out out out out out out out out out your well uh okay so you know so well well podcast for for for for for for for for for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast like well um you know know know know know know know know know okay so so so just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get um uh uh like I mean well you know um um um um um um um um um started that anchor ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a a a a a a a a a so you know well so uh so I mean you know podcast to welcome. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to another episode of the good sign with me your like like okay like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay host honest him in Tove. Thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you so much much much much much much much much much for tuning in to this I mean okay well like uh like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought uh so so so so so so so so so well um uh I mean um okay of a name yet? I was I was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was want want want want want want want want want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last so um well well you know so so so so so so so so so so you know name kind of lame. But but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but then I was told told told told told told told told told that people may think that um um um uh well you know like you know know know know know know know know know breakfast at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, program, program, program, program, program, program, program, program, um um you know like um well okay you know so I might do breakfast breakfast breakfast breakfast breakfast breakfast breakfast breakfast breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how how how how how how how how how anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how we doing? How's well well well well well well well well well uh uh okay I mean uh like I mean everyone doing? I figured I figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured I figured I figured I figured I figured I figured I figured I I I I I I I I I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay like I mean okay okay so supplement my thoughts that I have have have have have have have have have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook um uh I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay like Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just just just just just just just just just ate Indian food and like I mean well okay well well okay so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee and thank um well well you know I mean um so well you for for for for for for for for for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay like so okay uh uh in honeycomb Manila, which is is is is is is is is is the home of our company, but also is also um like you know um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean a co-working space where people can come and even record record record record record record record record record here. We have a number I mean um you know uh well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying the content, Not I mean like okay um uh uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, which like like like like like like like like like like I mean so uh okay you know you know is about coffee and the the the the the the the the the industry. Please do like this like this video click the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so um so you know like well Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel that helps a lot. If you're listening uh I mean um well uh well you you you you you you you you you know uh via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do do do do do do do do do leave a um I mean I mean you know okay uh uh so comment if you you you you you you you you you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, if so, if so, if so, if so, if so, if so, if so, if if if if if if if if if so, you know like um okay um okay um uh we're excited to share our our our our our our our our our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that like like so I mean well well well well well well well well well uh you know okay successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to to to to to to to to to www.sceeto.com for / create to I mean so like well you know like well you know know know know know know know know know access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org that's wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg. That's www.soffc.org that's www.soffc.org that's www.soffc.org that's www.soffc.org that's www.soffc.org that's www.soffc.org that's wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg. Forward slash create. Begin so I mean uh okay so okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous. Hi. I um um okay so okay um well I mean was here about about about about about about about about about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled fabled treasure. So far okay so you know so I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know. Nobody has nobody has nobody has nobody has nobody has nobody has nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody has nobody has nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son son son son son son son son son of then I mean I mean like so um so uh so New York York York York York York York York York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast of I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean you know well okay like so what is is is is is is is is is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim to shore, but you you you you you you you you you know okay like well okay okay I mean I mean he was never never never never never never never never never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two you know know know know know know know know know so well um so I mean like um hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then then then then then then then then then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These all these all these all these all these these these these these these these these these all these all these all these all these all um I mean like uh well well well well well well well well well well like um have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for for for for for for for for for them. And now uh okay I mean uh well so so like we're working twice twice twice twice twice twice twice twice twice as hard as gone is now a weekly show in addition to um you you you you you you you you you know well I mean uh like I mean uh our regular shows every every every every every every every every every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast like like like like like like like like like uh like um like well okay so from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your your your your your your your your your host pain Rosales and you know uh okay I mean so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the show show show show show show show show show you know well so you know you know so okay so where we interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts well okay you know know know know know know know know know like so so well I mean in the future today. I am I am I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am joined by or or or or or or or or or joy. Joined with rather a local so you know uh you know you know um um um um um um um um um like so band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and and and and and and and and and say which which instrument like uh um uh I mean I mean like I I I I I I I I I mean you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? My name is is is is is is is is is well well uh like you know you know so uh toothpick vocalist for for for for for for for for for recoil recall punks. You can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you can you can you can find us on IG recall Punk's so okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay I mean uh with an X with the X I can can can can can can can can can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um um well well I mean okay. You need to keep her Smiles on on on on on on on on on but whether in your bed more like like I mean uh uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay targeted a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done done done done done done done done done watching like uh I mean okay okay I mean well um the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and and and and and and and and and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was so well um I mean well so so so so so so so so so I mean okay windy. It was super cold. We're going to get more more more more more more more more more into detail uh well I mean you know so well so um about that here here here here here here here here here soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay I mean like like you know Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure go figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure go figure go figure go figure go figure go figure go figure go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson I mean like I mean um so well okay um Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? you know so uh you you you you you you you you you know like like so uh Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along along along along along along along along along grades? I thanks for having me you know I mean uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like so well and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is the podcast. I originally wanted uh so like uh you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little little little little little little little little little full-circle moment for the so um I mean I mean like uh like okay three of of of of of of of of of us to finally be able to do this and on you know you know know know know know know know know know well um you know so I mean like such a such a high note note note note note note note note note. Note. So for those of you listening at um so um well okay like like like like like like like like like like I mean home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both both both both both both both both both be playing in like okay okay okay so okay you know so Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you just like okay well uh like uh um you know tell us a little little little little little little little little little bit about growing up and playing for the uh well um like uh like like like like like like like like like well um blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back back back back back back back back back on my you know you know um you know okay so um well first podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you so much so so so so so so so so so so uh so so well you know like for tuning in. You could have chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen another podcast to listen to you taking the so you know like well so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do do do do do do do do do not take the so well like so so okay I mean well opportunity lightly lightly lightly lightly lightly lightly lightly lightly lightly. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this this this this this this this this this podcast this podcast is actually airing a year to the day after a really bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad like okay um you know uh like like like car accident that left my car car car car car car car car car totaled. I was in a hard place well um okay like I mean like like like like like like like like like okay well of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble me and and and and and and and and and uh uh so well uh like like okay for me to take a few few few few few few few few few steps back and really realize what are the gifts well so so okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well so that God has given me what has God given me to impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact to make an uh I mean um so I mean like uh you you you you you you you you you know impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for for for for for for for for for politics this desire okay so well you know okay like like well to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard well well well well well well well well well okay like you know uh um like so about anchor its easiest way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me explain it's free okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so uh like well. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your okay um I mean like well okay like uh phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like um I mean um you know okay heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so so well I mean um with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make a podcast all in okay um okay you know well um like you you you you you you you you you know one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor uh well uh okay um uh like um FM.com to get started. Well, howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're like well okay um um um um um um um um um I mean okay um so going to talk about President Reagan fear love and and and and and and and and and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason concepcin you know uh well like okay okay uh like Juliet Littman and David David David David David David David David David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that we fought um okay well you you you you you you you you you know um you know I mean well the Revolutionary War for a reason but what what what what what what what what what this country needs is a king. Oh well okay I mean well okay you know so so so so so so so so so you know my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with with with with with with with with with absolute I mean so so you know so you know okay so power. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic well well well well well well well well well I mean so like um uh I mean so system. But look at England England England England England England England England England right now how much better would our political discourse be if okay you know know know know know know know know know uh so okay uh um like we would just elect the king for every every every every every every every every every like a decade every 10 well so uh okay okay uh so you you you you you you you you you know years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we but we but we we we we we we we we we but we but we but we but we but we but we have a like like like like like like like like like a boring-ass technocrat well so like okay okay like well well. Who's They're as as as as as as as as as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's have a guy I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean so I mean I mean like I mean who's a a a a a a a a a guy or a gal whose job is to go to NASCAR races um um um um um um um um um um I mean so I mean okay I mean you know and give speeches and set off off off off off off off off off. The first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean so like okay okay you know starting your own podcast, let me me me me me me me me me tell you something. If you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you haven't heard about well uh well well so so so so so so so so so so okay well anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free their creation um okay so like I mean so you know so tools that allow you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or uh so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh I mean I mean um computer. They'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple I mean like well you know so so so so so so so so so uh okay well podcast and many more you can make money from your your your your your your your your your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's okay uh well I mean well well like like like like like like like like like like everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh um okay so uh free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get get get get get get get get get started is beyond where like you know uh well so uh so uh you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best like like like like like like like like like so like um you know like um um deal what scans to watch out for for for for for for for for for and much more here's your host and uh um well you know um so so so so so so so so so I mean um one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does does does does does does does does does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard never heard never heard never heard never heard never heard never heard never heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let me explain it's I mean you know okay well you know okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay free. Those are those are those are those are those are those are those are those those those those those those those those those are those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your um um um um um um um um um um so you know you know so uh well podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you um like well so I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you you you you you you you you you can make money uh so um like so I mean like um from your podcast with with with with with with with with with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to well like well um um you you you you you you you you you know so uh make podcast in one place. You start you start you start you start start start start start start start start start you start you start you start you start you start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our like like like like like like like like like um uh um uh well um so very first episode of our very first first first first first first first first first podcast it is called. Was it good for um you know well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well so you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that you you you you you you you you you well uh okay you know um um like so just heard is by a a a a a a a a a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check out um like uh um you you you you you you you you you know like um you know their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere Friday, March 6th uh okay you know you know so uh um well. Our theme theme theme theme theme theme theme theme theme our theme our theme our theme our theme our theme our theme our our our our our our our our our theme our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted to take a minute and say if you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've ever I mean like okay I mean well uh you know so considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't okay like um uh okay like well uh tell you how easy it it it it it it it it it was for me to start my podcast and get it well okay like well um um um um um um um um um you know you know um up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple clicks of the like okay so okay I mean like uh like button. I I I I I I I I I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and you know know know know know know know know know I mean uh okay well so okay so many other platforms again. It was was was was was was was was was so easy. I can do it from like like um like well like so like like like like like like like like like my phone from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do do do do do do do do do I well so well um like okay well okay can do it. It's free absolutely free free free free free free free free free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped uh so well I mean you you you you you you you you you know um so you know me with so much. They literally do it. All All All All All All All All All I can't think of a um so like uh so like like well better place to to to to to to to to to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter um you know you you you you you you you you you know okay well okay okay so again. So download the free app today or go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- um I mean um uh uh uh I mean I I I I I I I I I mean to get started again download the app today. It's free, or you can can can can can can can can can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit like you know like okay you know uh I mean so of an an an an an an an an an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought like like like like like like like like like so um like you know um I mean so I'd give you a bit of a a a a a a a a a rundown of what this podcast is going to well okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um like you know be about. Each week each week each week week week week week week week week week each week each week each week each week each week each week and give you you you you you you you you you a chance to subscribe and get yourself you know uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've played Super kosher you know like well uh okay uh so okay about seven years years years years years years years years years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything I I I I I I I I I mean so so so um um like I mean about the game The Players Players Players Players Players Players Players Players Players the trades the injuries and so I thought you know so you know you know know know know know know know know know like I mean I mean I mean why don't I give you my thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts and try and give you some tips um I mean I mean uh um you you you you you you you you you know so okay and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening to to to to to to to to to I mean um okay okay well okay I mean you know the Dubuque area of of of of of of of of of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow him so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh like um on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on on on on on on on on on anchor where you can record edit uh so okay you know I mean um um um um um um um um um so I mean and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque area baseball podcast on um um well okay okay like um you know Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this so so so so so so so so so I mean um um you know um okay so thing to get launching launching launching launching launching launching launching launching launching. So hey, so hey, so hey, so hey, so hey, so hey, so hey, so so so so so so so so so hey, so hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam so so so so so so so so so so like I mean I mean okay so um Ludlow CEO and head coach of of of of of of of of of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community in like like I mean so well well well well well well well well well I mean well you know North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning conditioning conditioning conditioning conditioning conditioning conditioning conditioning conditioning this podcast is honestly something um you know well well so okay uh uh that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to go. So So So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so I so I so I mean okay I mean so well so well well well well well well well well well I mean here we go with episode. I want I want I want I want want want want want want want want want I want I want I want I want I want to talk a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about why I mean well uh um I mean uh um okay we're doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's get so um well well well well well well well well well like you know um uh well right into it. The why honestly it's because one of of of of of of of of of our values that we've always um um well okay like okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old is to to to to to to to to to always uh I mean so well like so uh so be improving. So I I I I I I I I I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I am I am I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and you know so so so so so so so so so I mean uh so I mean um like other Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary like okay uh okay okay like like like like like like like like like okay uh stories as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of of of of of of of of of urban like like you know you know well you know like like legends and other Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, uh um um um I mean like um um um um um um um um um you know my name is Sam and I'm your host and if you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy listening to this podcast, uh uh like you know well okay like so so so so so so so so so you can go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode so well okay well like so okay well comes out, you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not gonna lie this took well so so well so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either well, either well, either well, either well, either well, either well, either either either either either either either either either well, either well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this this this this this this this this this flash episode of like well uh okay so uh so like Tales from the the the the the the the the the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about okay uh so well well well well well well well well well like uh um you know the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that that that that that that that that that are bullish well um okay okay well so like well for Bitcoin a lot going on on on on on on on on on right now particularly this week in American markets globally uh um okay so um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean so with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are are are are are are are are are gonna like it quick one uh um uh um I mean okay okay um um um um um um um um um always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought like like uh like like you know like like to you by the the the the the the the the the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had okay I mean you you you you you you you you you know well like like so so a friend reach out to me the yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday the other not the uh okay um uh um well okay I mean other day day day day day day day day day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay like you know well you told me download that what was it it it it it it it it it the cash yet? That's what I I mean okay okay like you know know know know know know know know know you know like so said. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the the the the the the the the the it's the it's the it's the it's the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had he he he he he he he he he had he had he had he had he had he had he had he had had had had had had had had had to be refreshed his memory uh like well like I mean well you know know know know know know know know know uh had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell phone showing like I mean you know okay you know um well you know them them them them them them them them them how to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh like okay okay like like podcast where we talk to you about about about about about about about about about how you can start and grow I mean well uh like well so I I I I I I I I I mean like your hardscaping business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where where where where where where where where where every well so you know okay well um so you know day we are are are are are are are are are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering well like well you know know know know know know know know know so you know you know so SEO for landscapers starting a an SEO optimized website website website website website website website website website for your business and what so um okay um okay like like like you need need need need need need need need need to do to be able to track and Target keywords to show up you know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean you know okay I mean okay like as a Top of search search search search search search search search search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get I mean uh uh like so um um um um um um um um um um uh right into it getting into creating a website. That is search engine engine engine engine engine engine engine engine engine optimized SEO optimized uh I mean um uh well I mean like I mean is something that that that that that that that that that I've been working on for the past 5 years at least um well okay so so so so so so so so so uh okay so you know now with creating websites and how two hearts keep was the the the the the the the the the next one in a okay so so well I mean um okay okay series of websites websites websites websites websites websites websites websites websites that I've created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on on on on on on on on on the um uh you know uh um so like uh boys podcast before we get this this this this this this this this this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a you know you know you you you you you you you you you know like well well you know I mean little bit about anchor our sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor. So one moment. I have a script like I mean like uh uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way way way way way way way way way to um so I mean well like I mean like um make a podcast, let let let let let let let let let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that um well I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean well allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer. Anchor will I mean I mean so okay I mean well well well well well well well well well okay uh distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple uh um so like okay you know okay so music. A podcast my my my my my my my my my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no like like like like like like like like like so like so like um um like minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's you know well you know so you know know know know know know know know know like you know like get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the the the the the the the the the boys again. We like we like we like we like we like we like we we we we we we we we we like we like we like well well so um um like so got got got got got got got got got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of and of and of and of and of and and and and and and and and and of and of and of and of course me. We're all we're all we're all all all all all all all all all we're all we're all we're all we're all we're all we're all the hosts uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know like well so like like. Obviously. We got four main hose hose hose hose hose hose hose hose hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so so so so so so so so so so uh uh like um um you know so good and how well for for for for for for for for for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you uh well like you you you you you you you you you know um uh okay um record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or computer and anchor distributes you know so I mean I mean like I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many many many many many many many many many more. So if you're looking okay like um I mean um so you you you you you you you you you know I mean to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right right right right right right right right right. Speaking of okay so I mean I mean uh I mean so um podcasts right? right right right right right right right right Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today like well well well well well well well well well uh I mean you know you know so I mean. Oh my God. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of uh um okay you know know know know know know know know know like so okay uh maintain my West Coast time. So I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I so I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton I I I I I I I I I mean like so okay uh okay well I mean Emmett here Wiley, and if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where you know uh I mean so so so so so so so so so well you know well I mean we just talk about things that are kind of of of of of of of of of cool to us or relevant. What's okay like uh well uh I mean um you you you you you you you you you know on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want want want want want want want want want to thank so you know you know okay so like so I mean you you you you you you you you you all. Listening and listening and listening and listening and listening and listening and listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening and listening and listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up up up up up up up up up to around 70 listeners well okay like um well like um uh. So it was was was was was was was was was pretty crazy. It kind it kind it kind it kind it kind it kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind it kind it kind it kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani Kahani Kahani Kahani Kahani Kahani Kahani Kahani Kahani is Kahani is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi Zindagi Zindagi Zindagi Zindagi Zindagi Zindagi Zindagi Zindagi um well well you know so uh like well Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw Hpw Hpw Hpw Hpw Hpw Hpw Hpw Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey well I mean uh so I I I I I I I I I mean like well well covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They They They They They They They They They should they should they should they should they should they should they should they should they should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Makai so so I mean okay you know so um okay time major Nicole Nicole Nicole Nicole Nicole Nicole Nicole Nicole Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross okay um um um um um um um um um um so well okay you know so rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might might might might might might might might might be wondering why are we talking about I mean so I mean so like okay um um um um um um um um um um Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is is is is is is is is is um like I mean like well okay so like probably not likely an investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean um um in. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got got got got got got got got got the call-up from Westpac one so well I mean you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like of the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment comment comment comment comment comment comment comment comment on so um um uh well like like well an article that we're writing writing writing writing writing writing writing writing writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core logic well well well well well well well well well okay so so like I mean so uh data that the the median gross rental rental rental rental rental rental rental rental rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is I mean so um so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean um uh 2.2 percent. Whereas a whereas a whereas a whereas whereas whereas whereas whereas whereas whereas whereas whereas a whereas a whereas a whereas a whereas a whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the the the the the the the the the gross yield for that is 51% you know um well okay okay well you you you you you you you you you know like. And they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where where where where where where where where where like I mean I mean well well so okay so we talk about doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for okay uh like like like like like like like like like you know so uh you know okay joining us for our first ever episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week. We like you know um so uh I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the the the the the the the the the 8th of March, so you know um uh okay so um okay um we thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has Amy well you know know know know know know know know know well okay like uh so well what could stuff have you heard in the the the the the the the the the news this week? Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so so so so so so so so so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so I know okay uh I I I I I I I I I mean so um uh okay um in a moment you're going to be be be be be be be be be talking about a really huge piece of news that was so so like so so so so so so so so so you know uh um well covered in the media last week. So I thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought it might be well uh so okay you know I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't well you know okay like you know you know okay I mean necessarily heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across an article okay like like like like like like like like like well I mean um so uh you know about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler so you you you you you you you you you know you know you know um well um so in this podcast. What we what what what what what what what what what we what we what we what we what we what we we we we we we we we we what we what we do is we have top ten lists. These are these are are are are are are are are are these are these are these are these are these are these are these are the the the the the the the the the uh uh so well I mean uh I mean well audio versions of our our our our our our our our our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this so uh um well well well well well well well well well I mean uh okay like show, please do consider leaving us a review on on on on on on on on on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast like uh I mean you know okay well um I I I I I I I I I mean. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter I mean like you know you know like uh I mean uh all of of of of of of of of of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi you you you you you you you you you know you know uh like like um well I mean to me. Let me know know know know know know know know know how you liked this show and let's get into it okay you know I mean I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh uh. Hello. I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 internet. And in the video well I mean um you know uh I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally different like you know well you know uh like um uh most of us go go go go go go go go go through life and not knowing who we are or what uh okay like I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh so well we want to do at least until a few few few few few few few few few decades in we go through many false like I mean you know like you know know know know know know know know know I mean you know I mean starts and travel through many dead and paths until until until until until until until until until we find the one that's truly you know well uh like uh I mean I I I I I I I I I mean you know right for us many companies are the same often times the the the the the the the the the most successful corporations um so uh well okay like you know well on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're if you're if you're if you're if if if if if if if if if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're listening to our podcast on on on on on on on on on able podcasts. Could you please take you know well like well so you know um um um um um um um um um uh a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really help us us us us us us us us us I mean okay I mean I mean okay uh okay uh to move move move move move move move move move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory uh um okay uh you you you you you you you you you know like so uh and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for for for for for for for for for Success podcast and okay uh so okay uh I mean um you know next week week week week week week week week week on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking okay well um um um um um um um um um so you know you know well so for Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five five five five five five five five five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is I mean you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean the unique time when you can see Rory and myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself our pretty faces and Rory will um uh like um well um um like be be be be be be be be be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no no no no no no no no no so no so no so no so no so no so no so no no no no no no no no no so no I mean like well so like like like you know preparation whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone to join so so so so so so so so so like like like you know like so um in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted insisted insisted insisted insisted insisted insisted insisted insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am one of to Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah's Hannah um okay um um uh you know like like Hart. And today I am am am am am am am am am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz you I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay um uh might remember them from a little show called Glee or from from from from from from from from from their current phenomenal hit podcast well like well well you know uh um so showmance showmance showmance showmance showmance showmance showmance showmance showmance. We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we are we are going to be talking about being in our 30s or newly 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 you know I mean so so you know so um I mean learning how to say no no no no no no no no no and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping enjoy like so uh so um so so so so so so so so so you know uh you guys. I don't know. Oh why oh why oh why why why why why why why why why oh why oh why oh why oh why oh why oh why I feel like nervous today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, but I well like so like so uh okay well feel nervous today, which which which which which which which which which I really yeah II don't know why I really don't know why okay well well well well well well well well well uh well okay well uh like listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to to to to to to to to to prior to this was my frenetic okay uh you know well uh like um um um um um um um um um um trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 minutes. I I I I I I I I I so you know I mean so you know you know okay so said to all of of of of of of of of of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to make I mean so like like like like like like like like like well like well like okay sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate more than when you show okay okay well I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight fight fight fight fight fight fight fight fight say I mean um well I mean like I mean um I mean thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you. Jesus lift jesus lift jesus lift jesus lift jesus lift jesus lift jesus lift lift lift lift lift lift lift lift lift jesus lift jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and and and and and and and and and mercy well you know okay okay I mean um so okay in your life. What What What What What What What What What a God we have to worship. What a what a what a what a a a a a a a a a what a what a what a what a what a son we like well well well well well well well well well I mean okay well like uh um have to praise. What a future lies lies lies lies lies lies lies lies lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may you may you may you may you you you you you you you you you may you may you may you may you may be seated um like okay I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh I mean like in his presence. I'm not sure if you you you you you you you you you are aware of what is on like I mean like I mean okay uh um um um um um um um um um uh our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my father in in in in in in in in in the I mean I mean well uh I mean you know okay you know Lord Prophet Prophet Prophet Prophet Prophet Prophet Prophet Prophet Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Cardone I mean um I mean well um so like um Starts Now. What's going on on on on on on on on on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke I mean you know know know know know know know know know so like uh well okay so. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24 24 24 24 24 24 24 24 24. How's it going guys? I'm doing uh well you know I mean like okay so well well well well well well well well well good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV talk like um like so um uh like well now. It was the the the the the the the the the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after so uh uh I mean like well well well well well well well well well like so show. What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to to to to to to to to to talk about tonight you know you know well you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole jugged 30 like like you know okay you know well well so drama mystery mystery mystery mystery mystery mystery mystery mystery mystery. There's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's so there's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal normal normal normal normal normal normal normal normal Shenanigans uh um okay well okay I mean I mean well and then I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna tie up some of the other little things at the end and um like you you you you you you you you you know um you know um uh well then of course at the end. And we'll and and and and and and and and and we'll and we'll and we'll and we'll and we'll and we'll and we'll and we'll be be be be be be be be be doing our class clown class president you know uh so well you know okay so uh. So So So So So So So So So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode, please please please please please please please please please I mean um like so like like like I mean start sending them in in in in in in in in in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am flying solo tonight so I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean um uh so like everyone. So please join me in the chat if if if if if if if if if you have some thoughts so well okay um okay you know know know know know know know know know well you know so that I can also cut you as you guys as my my my my my my my my my co-host because I like so um um uh okay so uh will be relying on on on on on on on on on you greatly tonight. So first off what a way to so I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean you know start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk you know know know know know know know know know like you know so okay like like okay about Brandon bills. They gave us us us us us us us us us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done like you know okay I I I I I I I I I mean like uh okay you know it without you guys. So thanks for everything and and and and and and and and and like my new front well well um um I mean so you know like like like like like like like like like tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase I mean you know uh well um like you know well any apparel from Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get well uh I mean um um um um um um um um um well okay um like into this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you you you you you you you you you gonna fucking fix so I mean uh well like uh like okay it? Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love I love I love love love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love I love I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC ACC ACC ACC ACC ACC ACC ACC ACC media so well you know like you know well you know well today. I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire like uh um you you you you you you you you you know well okay okay um and athlete Gemma route joining us and we we we we we we we we we going to talk about All Things um you know I mean like uh so so so so so so so so so uh okay New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year year year year year year year year year like so um um so uh well well. So welcome guys Luke. I might I I I I I I I I I might I might I might I might I might I might I might I might might might might might might might might might start with you if that's okay. We've been we've been we've been we've been we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been like well uh you know know know know know know know know know uh well well uh chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months months months months months months months months months about you guys. Me uh well okay you know well like well well across to to to to to to to to to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was like so well well well well well well well well well uh um so I mean like born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there there there there there there there there there for 17 years. Then I moved over um so I mean you know I mean like um um um um um um um um um uh to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each each each each each each each each each episode I mean so I mean okay so well I mean I mean. We are going going going going going going going going going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that like um I I I I I I I I I mean like um you know like um you can apply to your life to provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide hope and help for you or like um so well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um a loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and and and and and and and and and nutrition you know you know okay well um like I mean um and and and and and and and and and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling so so so so so so so so so so um you know well I mean so okay and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help help help help help help help help help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate um okay you know so um um um um um um um um um um I mean um through tough times. I love the work that I do so much that I I I I I I I I I so you know I mean okay well um you know uh wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute like um um um um um um um um um so okay um okay well um of social sciences who have t and we present present present present present present present present present to you goonch go to the okay okay um so you know so like I I I I I I I I I mean podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current current current current current current current current current social concerns um so like um I mean like so uh to pineapple on on on on on on on on on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting interviews okay so well like like like like like like like like like you know I mean um I mean with guests from both within and outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside outside of our campus. We also plan well so uh like so um well well on having having having having having having having having having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something for um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean you know um I mean our listeners as well. We will be be be be be be be be be having fun contest for our listeners as I mean um uh well uh so so so so so so so so so well like well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess mess will join us on this uh well so well so I mean uh I mean journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in in in in in in in in in to like well okay I mean uh so so uh goonch. Wide range of topics we we we we we we we we we have something for our listeners as well. We will like I mean like you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know well okay be having fun contest for our listeners as as as as as as as as as well as a few surprise uh uh okay um so you know well like segments segments segments segments segments segments segments segments segments. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I mean um well okay okay um I mean like you're well today today today today today today today today today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had I had I had had had had had had had had had I had I had I had I had I had I had a a a a a a a a a like I mean well like like uh so uh moment this week with my coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's uh it's uh it's uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh like I mean like like like like like like like like like you know well um uh always really surprising when you think I've got that that that that that that that that that bit sorted and I'm always really good at okay well I mean like so so so so so so so so so you know um well that and then someone asks you a question and you you you you you you you you you go always like that. I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I'm well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um so so good at that or the time actually good at that that that that that that that that that so I have um okay uh um so so so well been challenged this week week week week week week week week week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through those um well like well you you you you you you you you you know you know like you know challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling around your heart um like um um well I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um and you your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I don't I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well uh well like I mean okay want to go there t t t t t t t t t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life gets okay okay um like like like like like like like like like uh um I mean okay easy when you do the hard stuff and and and and and and and and and challenging yourself is about doing the I mean like so you know I mean well I I I I I I I I I mean so hard stuff. So something so something so something so something so something so so so so so so so so so something so something so something so something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to well well well well well well well well well um uh you know like um you know okay youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up up up up up up up up up about weekly V O8 I you know so well uh well I mean so so so so so so so so so you know said last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the the the the the the the the the comments people uh I mean well like so like um um are kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart well so so so so so so so so so um uh well well I mean like TVs and things that nature. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly this weekly this weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly this weekly this weekly this weekly this weekly this weekly this weekly um um you know know know know know know know know know you know so so okay okay be a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action action action action action action action action action between Damon John and um uh uh okay well okay so so sampar, then there's a a a a a a a a a really epic. A meeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting I had had had had had had had had had with the Minnesota rocker. That I mean um okay uh um so well like is is is is is is is is is the team that I own in the Call of Duty League well well okay so so so so so so so so so you know I mean um well the minority owner along with the event Vikings ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting well I mean uh so you you you you you you you you you know um um I mean gets into my mindset about business and operations and and and and and and and and and marketing of kind of a um I mean I mean um I mean you know know know know know know know know know okay okay startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's a a a a a a a a a really fantastic I mean well like so well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's in um uh well like like okay I mean you know the hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got we got we got we we we we we we we we we got we got we got we got we got we got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay okay like okay you know at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not not not not not not not not not about that. I wanted to you know um you know like so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean make this podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as as as as as as as as as my well um like I mean okay so um well platform. Anchor is anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is is is is is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is you know know know know know know know know know okay so like I mean so okay you know free totally free. Its creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools are super easy to use and it allows like well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh uh you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer anchor will okay well uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and I mean you know so okay well uh uh so so so so so so so so so many more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum okay okay okay you know well okay I mean you know listenership guys. It's that that that that that that that that that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast well um you know know know know know know know know know uh well I mean um like in one place, please download the free anchor app or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot so you know um uh um uh well you know know know know know know know know know. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. Trust Trust Trust Trust Trust Trust Trust Trust Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, so okay you know um like like like like like like like like like well uh well welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you you you you you you you you you uh you know you know um uh okay like you know follow me me me me me me me me me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that I well well well well well well well well well like I mean like so you know well like post regular devotionals in in in in in in in in in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God I mean um you know know know know know know know know know um uh well so like. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast will be looking at well um like like I mean you know okay well well well well well well well well well real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and and and and and and and and and speaking well you know you know you know well like well so very specific scriptures that that that that that that that that that we can use in those challenges. My heart my heart my heart my heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart my heart my heart my heart my heart my heart behind this I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay um so well you know um is that as we go through through through through through through through through through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid uh um okay like you you you you you you you you you know uh well you know but we will our mindset that we would go go go go go go go go go through it will be I mean I mean like um I mean so like like like like like like like like like okay different. I am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the the the the the the the the the word you know uh I mean you know um okay like I mean of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down down down down down down down down down. Yes. How's okay how's okay how's okay how's okay how's okay how's okay how's okay how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's okay how's okay well you know you know well um well okay the big big big big big big big big big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected I mean um you know know know know know know know know know like okay I mean um so of mind has been on the minds to working for for for for for for for for for real until right. Now uh you know I mean okay you know uh um so so so so so so so so so you off social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um I mean like um so I mean whole bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well well um I mean uh to like get focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean well I mean like so okay it back. But then but then then then then then then then then then but then but then but then but then but then but then but but but but but but but but but then I realize it sounds like they really I need to um well so so you you you you you you you you you know so um like eat your because life has now came to revolve around it it it it it it it it it. And what and what and what and what and what and what and what and what what what what what what what what what and what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week week week week week week week week week. I you know um um like uh uh okay I mean went to Munich Munich Munich Munich Munich Munich Munich Munich Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend I spend I spend I spend spend spend spend spend spend spend spend spend I spend I spend I spend I spend I spend the weekend there I I I I I I I I I mean so okay like like so uh uh to do a keynote talk also was a part part part part part part part part part of a panel and yeah so okay uh uh um um you know well well well well well well well well well had a good time in general so good to be back right now and and and and and and and and and let's start off you know well well well okay like uh you know with a a a a a a a a a brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt angleman and he says uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know um you know you know well it's not the first time time time time time time time time time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the well well well so so so so so so so so so well okay um I mean second I guess he is the I think he's the the the the the the the the the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give give give give give give give give give you a you know so so you know uh you know like like quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick update. Unfortunately, I'm unfortunately, I'm unfortunately, I'm unfortunately, I'm unfortunately, I'm unfortunately, I'm unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately, I'm unfortunately, I'm unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast okay well like like well well okay um tonight. I was stuck in Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, okay uh like I mean so you know know know know know know know know know like so but there was a boot on my car because if you've ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever watched okay okay uh okay so well like I mean a any Parking Parking Parking Parking Parking Parking Parking Parking Parking Wars, they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in I mean like um um um um um um um um um well um so uh so Philadelphia. I just got free this morning Monday morning, and and and and and and and and and now I'm heading back home like so you know so so um like um um um um um um um um um. So like I said, I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a have have have have have have have have have a have a have a have a have a have a have a have have have have have have have have have a good um uh well well so like you know like time guys and and and and and and and and and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well um well okay um so let you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform for all of you creative podcasters well okay you know okay um um like you you you you you you you you you know out there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free free free free free free free free free to use like like you know uh I mean I mean so so and and and and and and and and and has all the creation tools. You need you need you need you need you need need need need need need need need need you need you need you need you need to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast okay I mean okay uh you know uh well so right from your phone or or or or or or or or or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set I mean I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um you know so you know well up on Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even even even even even even even even even better Anchor helps you well uh uh I mean like I mean like like like like like like like like like I mean connect with sponsors, even if you're just starting out. It's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect choice for like I mean you know you know uh you know okay I mean podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters. So make so make so make so make so make so make so make so so so so so so so so so make so make sure to check it out download the free anchor a poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor. Go you know like so well I mean I mean well okay to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started started started started started started started started started. That's a and C hor dot like like you know well like okay I I I I I I I I I mean so f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence consequence consequence consequence consequence consequence consequence consequence consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw I I I I I I I I I saw I saw I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show show show show show show show show show at Blackboard I mean so okay um uh you know um well McKees Rocks. They were were were were were were were were were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him like uh you you you you you you you you you know uh okay you know I mean uh do a feature on a cutting ties song song song song song song song song song. He's the best frontman. He was like you know okay okay so uh like like like like like like like like like uh so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw saw like so like um you know you know you know um so it was was was was was was was was was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking you know know know know know know know know know well like uh like um I mean okay Amazing. Yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like like like like like like like like like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like wife's I keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like I mean um you you you you you you you you you know I mean like I mean well like people you may know and then I I I I I I I I I see him and it's like him singing while you know I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I mean um um uh you know he's like hanging cling to it. We're like like like like like like like like like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I think yeah, like like okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay so they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a a a a a a a a a sin a coat you know you know you know I mean you know uh well well well well well well well well well like on and like the first note of the first song He's already got the the the the the the the the the um well okay so uh okay so so mic out of the mics and and and and and and and and and it has got the mic stand up here like uh well um okay okay um um um um um um um um um um. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you you are you going to love this one? I put I put I put I I I I I I I I I put I put I put I put I put I put out so much content content content content content content content content content that you know um well okay I mean okay I mean okay if if if if if if if if if you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to to to to to to to to to I mean um well like I mean well you know you know one of my pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over there's over there's over over over over over over over over over there's over there's over there's over there's over there's over there's over uh you know like like like like like like like like like well so like like um tick like you can listen to me once a a a a a a a a a day for 10 straight years and like you know well well uh uh you you you you you you you you you know I mean not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those those those those those those those those those 10 years Cam so well uh okay okay well well like Newton start start start start start start start start start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean um um um so Auburn and told the coach to to to to to to to to to come get me. Then he then he then he then he then he then he then he he he he he he he he he then he then he went to the so like uh you know well well well well well well well well well you know well uh pros and told the coach. I got to speak speak speak speak speak speak speak speak speak after all these kids in I mean so so um I mean uh okay well well well well well well well well well the hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when when when when when when when when when they went you know uh so like well you know um okay to to to to to to to to to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They um um um um um um um um um they um they um they um they um they um they um they um um um um um um um um um they um you know um um so uh you know so took their daddy with with with with with with with with with them when they became preachers and start a church when okay uh um okay you know so so so so so so so so so so like they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's like like like like like like like like like okay okay well like so so like been to the station. The senior the senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior the senior the senior the senior the senior the senior the senior the senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's um you know you know like like like like like like like like like so okay okay um perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys are tuned in with me so like I mean uh I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys always appreciate you guys support well well um okay uh um okay I I I I I I I I I mean and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and and and and and and and and and I can't say uh uh uh okay so okay so well thank you you you you you you you you you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um um well uh of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app well um um um um um um um um um so like okay well um uh today and get access to thousands of free free free free free free free free free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity I mean you know well like like like like like like like like like I mean you know like okay business and more listen to them while working working working working working working working working working out or commuting to work and like I mean well so so you know like like like like like like like like like so get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay uh you know um well uh read.com app and download our our our our our our our our our app for free today. Summary of best job ever by I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well you know well well okay dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett Burnett Burnett Burnett Burnett Burnett Burnett Burnett Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D Johnston I mean um uh like you you you you you you you you you know so I mean I mean introduction when people ask you what you you you you you you you you you do for a living do you joyfully say I uh so okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh you know have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo sS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of of of of of of of of of my I mean like like I mean uh well well I mean time. You can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't you can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um so um like I mean see is me be stressed everybody. How How How How How How How How How are you? Hey, I don't even well well um like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well know how to start. It's nice to be back again. It is coming up up up up up up up up up so I mean okay you know um I mean uh well on spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring time and I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know you know well you know like weather. Sometimes I like like like like like like like like like to say that I like cold weather, but I think like um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh like um I like warm every now and then and there's some some some some some some some some some big changes that you know like um like okay uh so uh are coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming up for me. I can't quite sure. I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I can share them um um um um um um um um um okay okay like um you know okay you know. I've just I've just I've just just just just just just just just just I've just I've just I've just I've just I've just I've just decided not to for for for for for for for for for quite some time. But once I do well like I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay okay decide to share promise, you'll understand why it's a pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty big uh um um like like well uh um life change. I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm definitely so um like you know know know know know know know know know you know I mean um um making a little change. I would say little I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those for those for for for for for for for for for those for those for those for those for those for those for those of you you you you you you you you you who have okay well so you know I mean okay you know okay been following following following following following following following following following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert or Bob okay uh I I I I I I I I I mean uh well like like like Keegan. It has a long history of working working working working working working working working working in the field of adult I mean okay so well so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to uh well um you know I mean you know I mean uh this show. We We We We We We We We We do a kind of Action to his work an overview of the so like like like like like like like like like uh uh uh um I mean okay 5 stage model that he created and and and and and and and and and that has been studied empirically for I mean uh well well you know know know know know know know know know like I mean so the last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't so like okay well okay so well um just just just just just just just just just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also because because because because because because because because because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning pep talk for you well well you know like I mean like like you know. And today today today today today today today today today and today and today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today today and today and today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What What What What What What What What What do we um uh um I mean you know okay so okay mean by by by by by by by by by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, you know, you you you you you you you you you know uh um uh like uh I mean like when I say us I mean all all all all all all all all all of us medicos, I mean people like you well okay like well um I mean you you you you you you you you you know like people like me people who opted to become a doctor because of a a a a a a a a a sub okay I mean so you know you know you know well okay. Conscious calling in transparent transparent transparent transparent transparent transparent transparent transparent transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession. And I mean you know uh uh I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean like I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are are are are are are are are are opting for something so um uh uh okay okay you know uh which is a a a a a a a a a tough profession. We all we all we all we all we all we we we we we we we we we all we all we all we all had our you know, older brother or or or or or or or or or brother's like I mean like like okay I mean um well friend or a senior. You You You You You You You You You all had somebody with a when we go home uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know um I mean you know. We went to talk in our our our our our our our our our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of I mean well well well well well well well well well okay uh okay I mean I mean like TV Todd. Now look now look look look look look look look look look now look now look now look now look now look now look now look look look look look look look look look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was um like like like like like like like like like well like uh okay okay well insane you guys I'm your host DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with uh okay like so I mean okay uh so us us us us us us us us us tonight, but we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my my my my my my my my my lovely like well well well well uh well you know co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode uh like like you you you you you you you you you know so like um I mean of Siesta Key up and down up and down down down down down down down down down literally honestly, okay. So who so I mean um I mean uh well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like many things happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this this this this this this this this this episode opened so you know okay like uh um um I mean up with ish and and and and and and and and and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back I mean so I I I I I I I I I mean so okay you know you know you know in town. He's back for a little little little little little little little little little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada uh um like like um like like like like like like like like like um okay for another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it it it it it it it it it seems it seems it seems it seems you been. Having a hard time time time time time time time time time sleeping. Why is um you know uh so you know um so like that? You You You You You You You You You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you well well so so so so so so so so so um I mean you know well you know you have to really focus on. Not trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to stay up all the time, you uh like I mean well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh know. It's good to be able to get rocked to to to to to to to to to sleep. You know uh um I mean I mean um okay so okay that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it it it it it it it it it loves and like uh okay I mean uh okay okay uh nourishes all things things things things things things things things things but does not Lord it over and when merits are like well okay like like like like like like like like like you know well um okay accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so grateful to welcome you to you know well okay okay um uh so um um um um um um um um um another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for for for for for for for for for so you know I mean so well okay um um strengthening your mind taking care care care care care care care care care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating like um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh well well your spirit. My name is Caleb and this your boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy Events will be your guides the okay um I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know I mean so like real you. And today and today and today and today today today today today today today today today and today and today and today and today and today in episode 2 Our intention intention intention intention intention intention intention intention intention is going to be helping each so um I mean okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the the the the the the the the the power of why like uh you know so you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know well why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want want want want want want want want want to quit sure. Why is why is why is why is why is why is why why why why why why why why why is why is why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host host host host host host host host host Simon Whistler okay so um well okay so like I mean. This is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want to so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean well uh like like go look it up there and see see see see see see see see see the video version of these you can do that um you know so okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts or or or or or or or or or ever okay um like I mean so like uh okay you get your podcasts and and and and and and and and and leave us a review. It would be kind of you well okay you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay you know and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler you're watching top 10s. And in well uh uh um uh uh um uh the the the the the the the the the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about the American I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean well okay um I mean you know Mafia. Number 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has become almost like okay um um um um um um um um um well so so uh well synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of of of of of of of of of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals okay you know okay uh okay like like like like like like like like like um like and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best known known known known known known known known known organized like uh so you know uh you know so so crime groups in in in in in in in in in the United States. They are far from the only game you know okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh like so in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the in the in the in the in the in the in in in in in in in in in the in the in the same way that virtue is your natural tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency to do good a virtuous well like uh like well okay okay okay friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to to to to to to to to to you know well like uh I mean I mean you know well the university Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm well you you you you you you you you you know like like um I mean well you know Kylie and this week we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern that I mean uh um like um um um um um um um um um well you know so we've had two weeks ago. We talked we talked we talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked about intentionality and and and and and and and and and last week we talked like you know like I mean you know okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay about it. Chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity chastity chastity chastity chastity chastity chastity chastity chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next next next next next next next next next week. We're talking well okay uh so so well like I mean about a a a a a a a a a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know well like so I mean have a joke for us, right? That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with uh like so so you know well uh okay your host me Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning in you know like um um um um um um um um um like okay uh um so in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the the the the the the the the the who what why when like so so like I mean well okay like like like like like like like like like and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, let me at least like okay you know like uh okay I mean uh help you you you you you you you you you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about 5 years like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um okay like um now. I've worked in many different places places places places places places places places places. I started off at a nursing home I mean you know uh well so so so so so so so so so like I mean you know from there. I was able to go into a a a a a a a a a clinic Uncle setting working at so you know so like um so um um New New New New New New New New New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, which which which which which which which which which is uh so you know like like okay uh you know really where I wanted to to to to to to to to to be I was able to sit with people you know so like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh so for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had had had had had had had had had follow-ups and we um like well well so I mean I mean okay were were were were were were were were were able to see each other for a bit more than five or ten minutes uh okay well so so so so so so so so so like uh okay I mean and you're working in the clinical setting you're able able able able able able able able able to squeeze in a couple minutes I mean uh like uh well okay I I I I I I I I I mean you know in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point point point point point point point point point because they've been um you know like um like you know like um here for for for for for for for for for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the slap the slap the slap the slap the slap the slap the slap slap slap slap slap slap slap slap slap the slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. It's over. This well so okay well like uh you know I mean is is is is is is is is is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to co-host uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like I mean you know uh well okay a one of us us us us us us us us us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let you so I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so I mean like um I mean guys to introduce yourself Oscar what what what what what what what what what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well I mean I mean you know question. What's your question? Okay. So you said said said said said said said said said you had to co-host and okay uh like um okay uh so you know know know know know know know know know one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew couldn't like you know you know like uh I mean so like make it so you you you you you you you you you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here buddy one okay so like like like like like like like like like okay well uh uh uh just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've yeah, I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading and so well um okay so uh well well friendship matter for women and and and and and and and and and how to make space in our lives for it well okay like um um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um. I'm Marcy I'm Marcy I'm Marcy I'm Marcy I'm Marcy I'm Marcy I'm Marcy I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Marcy I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion passion passion passion passion passion passion passion passion is to you know okay uh like okay well okay so help women read read read read read read read read read more and read well and also to encourage us I mean you know you you you you you you you you you know so well so okay like to make time for leisure friendship and literature literature literature literature literature literature literature literature literature to view our booklets or join you know so um you know uh you know so like like like like like like like like like a group near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean um so well I mean like co-directors of of of of of of of of of well-read Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh okay okay I mean like uh excited to delve into some of of of of of of of of of the frequently asked questions that are members and like okay so um you know so so so so so so so so so I mean you know leaders asked so we'll get started right away. The first question that that that that that that that that that came from so I mean so uh like uh okay so our members this year and and and and and and and and and some of our leaders was can you help me understand the uh well like like like like like like like like like okay well like well you know membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your we're your we're your your your your your your your your your we're your we're your we're your we're your we're your we're your hosts Pooja and and and and and and and and and bhavana um okay like uh like like like I mean. We're both we're both both both both both both both both both we're both we're both we're both we're both we're both we're both we're both both both both both both both both both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as I mean well well well well well well well well well okay so well uh well I mean best friends and although we we we we we we we we we share a lot of experiences. We still have you know well um like I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know well our own take on every situation and we're here here here here here here here here here coming at you live well well okay okay well well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean from poojas basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from from from from from from from from from like I mean um so uh you know uh okay pooches basement door. Reflect Reflect Reflect Reflect Reflect Reflect Reflect Reflect Reflect on reflect on reflect on reflect on reflect on reflect on reflect on reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect on reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so so I mean um um episode of tv and chill. Thanks for for for for for for for for for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our like well so um okay so like like like like like like like like like well third episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are we are we are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are going going going going going going going going going to be talking um so uh so like you know so you know about the the the the the the the the the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason the reason the reason the reason the reason the the the the the the the the the reason the reason the reason the reason I want to do okay so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh so um this particular episode is because I had a dream I literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally had a had a dream well um you know like okay uh okay well well well well well well well well well where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in in in in in in in in in so so well okay like uh so so a series is one that I consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider really foundational as you know, my goal okay you know okay uh I I I I I I I I I mean you know well uh with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the the the the the the the the the people who love okay uh well like uh uh I mean okay them to better better better better better better better better better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges okay you know you know know know know know know know know know like uh I mean so like the joys and the frustrations of growing up up up up up up up up up in a multicultural Ministry focused I mean like so so uh uh well so so so so so so so so so and complicated environment. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the differences differences differences differences differences differences differences differences differences okay you know like well well you know um like that came from growing up between between between between between between between between between worlds and of the push and pull of um uh you know I I I I I I I I I mean okay so uh well the happy and the hard then I went to a a a a a a a a a school for missionaries kids uh you know you know um um you know you know know know know know know know know know you know in Germany when I was in ninth grade, and I quickly came came came came came came came came came to realize that like like I mean uh like I mean well so those indefinable differences. I I I I I I I I I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so um uh you know um in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups breakups breakups breakups breakups breakups breakups breakups breakups are breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book book book book book book book book book series like well you know um I mean well like like. The knowledge the knowledge the the the the the the the the the knowledge the knowledge the knowledge the knowledge the knowledge the knowledge the knowledge is focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused on helping you change your life in four key um so I mean so so so so so so so so so uh I mean like so areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving improving improving improving improving improving improving improving improving your relationships. And of course I mean you know um okay okay I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there there there there there there there there there. I'm coach Craig I mean you know I mean you know so okay you you you you you you you you you know uh Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you you you you you you you you you about well uh well well um you know okay like am I dating an avoidant? avoidant avoidant avoidant avoidant avoidant avoidant avoidant avoidant Okay, so I know there are lots of new okay so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um okay like people that discover my channel every day and every week and and and and and and and and and so the information can so like I mean uh like so well you know be be be be be be be be be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes we sometimes we sometimes we sometimes we sometimes we sometimes we sometimes we sometimes we sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and and and and and and and and and like I mean uh okay you know okay uh I mean Ashlee of the - Lee's Lee's Lee's Lee's Lee's Lee's Lee's Lee's Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed so uh uh uh you you you you you you you you you know okay so like one podcast with one of my heroes in this world world world world world world world world world Ralphie Jacobs from so so well so well you know okay you know know know know know know know know know taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast so uh I mean you know okay I mean um well. So that's going to to to to to to to to to be on big little life right now. We have um like okay okay you know you you you you you you you you you know like you know all of your emails. We're just going to go go go go go go go go go through them answer them okay so okay you know okay so you know um with with with with with with with with with our heart. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down down down down down down down down down and I so uh well so I mean like I mean you know are just two two two two two two two two two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know okay um um just going to tell you what we would would would would would would would would would hope that we would do in I mean like I mean well you know like like like like like like like like like okay okay these situations. We would hope that we would do and will also also also also also also also also also tell well like you know you know like you know um you know you what we have have have have have have have have have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with uh so so so so so so so so so well so well okay um like some things. We've learned in marriage therapy and and and and and and and and and books and all that good stuff um well well okay um um so so so so so so so so so you know. So without so without so without so without so without so without so so so so so so so so so without so without so without further Ado, let's get started by do it looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks looks of mine well well so like well I mean like well with the the the the the the the the the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a a a a a a a a a so I mean you know okay I mean so um okay brand new episode next week week week week week week week week week. But if you need something to tide you over until then you know like like like like like like like like like I mean so I mean um okay uh there's another show that I think you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll really like. It's called love letters and it's you know um uh okay like I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by by by by by by by by by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist for uh I mean well so I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated question about about about about about about about about about like okay well you know I mean uh okay okay relationships and shares real. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is from people grappling with the same question in the um so um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like like episode? You're about you're about you're about you're about you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're about you're about you're about you're about you're about to hear Meredith tells the story of of of of of of of of of a single mom trying uh well um like okay okay well okay to figure out out out out out out out out out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's so I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um well dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of Love uh you know I mean um well so uh uh Letters on on on on on on on on on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of one of one of of of of of of of of of one of one of one of one of one of one of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury treasury well okay um uh well well so so research and strategy. I will be covering FX FX FX FX FX FX FX FX FX topics in ocbc insights on a uh you know so well so so um um um um um um um um um well regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot escape from okay so I mean you know I mean uh so like like like like like like like like like the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit I mean you know you know well you know like well like in terms of of of of of of of of of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like okay uh well uh different parts of the world. If you look at at at at at at at at at our effect sentiment index it um like you know okay okay so I I I I I I I I I mean I mean now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about about about about about about about about about how risk uh you know so um I mean so uh um sentiment has has has has has has has has has evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in um I mean like you know I mean like okay like and you're hearing this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm so so okay well like um um um um um um um um um so you know getting out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So So So So So So So So So so um I mean uh uh um you know okay I look forward to to to to to to to to to my first podcast. My first my first my first my first my first my my my my my my my my my first my first my first my first guest is going to be my my my my my my my my my so like I mean um well so I mean you know home gym ball good good good good good good good good good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group um okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like okay uh grew up a lot about them, but I will definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely hear that story tomorrow and like I mean you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, all all all all all all all all all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all all all right, if you know I mean um like well um well okay you're listening, thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies so so so so so so so so so uh I mean okay uh you know well you know G show number one episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi um so so um well well well well well well well well well well I mean um. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your your your your your your your your your host and so I mean okay I mean um well you know well well well well well well well well well ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be let's be be be be be be be be be let's be let's be let's be let's be let's be let's be let's be be be be be be be be be real like I mean um uh uh so so you know what a joke joke joke joke joke joke joke joke joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk to you know know know know know know know know know um you know you know well uh I mean okay the best in the industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes them tick okay okay well well well well well well well well well okay so so okay okay how they got to where they are. Today. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's gas is going to take well you know uh so like I mean I I I I I I I I I mean um you back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some some some some some some some some some notes because so okay you know you know like uh well uh I had had had had had had had had had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and ladies. She is um I I I I I I I I I mean you know well I mean you know um um a beast many many many many many many many many many of try to compete with her. Short story they kind of lost I mean like like like like like like like like like you know okay you know um um you know. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed on on on on on on on on on okay like well uh um okay I mean you know the outside. I was I I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing okay okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know um uh woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in in in in in in in in in relationships to decisions that I didn't I mean um uh uh uh so well so so so so so so so so so make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my life you you you you you you you you you know I mean like uh so I mean so like. Welcome everyone. My name is is is is is is is is is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding perspective I mean you know know know know know know know know know well like so so you know okay podcast where we share stories and and and and and and and and and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating I mean so uh okay like you know know know know know know know know know okay you know our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of of of of of of of of of course New um okay I mean well okay well uh I mean Perspectives. So So So So So So So So So today so today so today so today so today so today so today so today today today today today today today today today so today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only only only only only only only only only and well um okay okay like so so you know should not be relied upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon as legal business investment or tax advice all so you know I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you know you know like you know opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own own own own own own own own own opinions and do not necessarily okay um um well so I mean um um reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry like well um um um um um um um um um okay I mean uh well well regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not not not not not not not not not to make specific trade recommendations nor um so you know uh uh okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay reference pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading trading trading trading trading trading trading trading trading I mean okay uh uh so I mean um so and other alternative Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses like uh um I mean uh you you you you you you you you you know you know okay as such they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the derivative okay I mean well I mean like you know I mean like like like like like like like like like by our Sam Alternatives where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go analyze the so like you know I mean uh okay I mean okay strategies of of of of of of of of of unique hedge fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across the the the the the the the the the investment like uh I mean I mean I mean like okay so World. Alpha is is is is is is is is is alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is is is is is is is is is alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of of of of of of of of of the you know I mean you know um um so um well pulse podcast today today today today today today today today today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently most recently most recently most recently most recently most most most most most most most most most recently most recently most recently most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of of of of of of of of of Haven um so um uh so so you know I mean and chief strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is to capture like I I I I I I I I I mean okay like you know you know um well the pulse of healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others across the uh well I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um you know Healthcare Community. We are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are super excited to have Jack join join join join join join join join join us today. Jacques um okay like so well you know well so is a senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data science uh so so so so so so so so so so you know you know um well well people and design thinking seeking to improve improve improve improve improve improve improve improve improve the Healthcare System. You have had an impressive career so um so so I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean okay transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary summary summary summary summary summary summary summary summary of your career path well uh okay uh I mean I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you made along your your your your your your your your your journey? I mean I mean okay uh well so okay like Sure. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great it's great it's great it's great great great great great great great great great it's great it's great it's great it's great it's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean um um I mean I mean all about life and all things that comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes with it. This is a safe uh I mean well um um I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage I mean like like like like like like like like like like so I mean okay well like Rita join me in rediscovered life complexities that that that that that that that that that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome so like I mean so okay so like I I I I I I I I I mean to love gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will will will will will will will will will be all well okay uh uh I mean I mean you know like like like like like like like like like about all kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love love love love love love love love love you know like you know well like uh I mean like and the love we have have have have have have have have have for friends and the love we have for a significant other um I mean um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean uh I mean you know and all the things that could could could could could could could could could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from like I mean so okay I I I I I I I I I mean you know well you know dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to to to to to to to to to be and you would also okay uh I mean well okay okay you know you know know know know know know know know know be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical physical physical physical physical physical physical physical physical state you know okay so well so um like I mean to your your your your your your your your your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the the the the the the the the the word like um um so okay so okay well tantamount spelled ta n ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent you know um you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay I mean as in value Force effect or signification used in in in in in in in in in a sentence. His angry speech you know you know okay okay you know um um um um um um um um um well uh was tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french anglo-french anglo-french anglo-french anglo-french anglo-french anglo-french anglo-french anglo-french or Italian okay um well uh okay you know you know okay term. ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean you know so like so confused with the similar sounding word Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance like like like like so you know know know know know know know know know um you know are impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of of of of of of of of of Paramount significance um so uh uh like well uh well. However, both tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add uh um I I I I I I I I I mean well so like uh okay momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official official official official official official official official official episode like you know so so I mean well you know um of of of of of of of of of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat like like like like like like like like like uh you know um I mean I mean like um members on we're going to to to to to to to to to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like you know like so down soon. You know what it is roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll the music. New Era podcast, I got okay I mean um you know you know know know know know know know know know you know I mean so a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and and and and and and and and and just mention yourselves real I mean you know uh okay you know well like like like like like like like like like like quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a Garret um um um um um um um um um you know um I mean um well so uh everything UFC on Instagram underscore between between between between between between between between between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early you know like okay uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know you know well stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to to to to to to to to to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of of of of of of of of of the okay okay like well okay I mean I mean well heart of it it it it it it it it it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going to like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean well so um you know get a chance to prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is uh well uh um um um um um um um um um well I mean you know you know one of the track chapter 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke like like like you know uh you you you you you you you you you know like like up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So So So So So So So So So like I mean well uh you know um okay uh I made a post the other other other other other other other other other day about the you know, I even made uh you know so so uh like like like like like like like like like you know so a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from from from from from from from from from here maybe like um uh um you know so you know um um um um um um um um um but about you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, I um okay well um like like like well think it should be more of a pillar pillar pillar pillar pillar pillar pillar pillar pillar of the schedule and I made okay um like uh I mean um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean this Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at you know know know know know know know know know like like like um um you know um owners groups. And anyway, obviously you you you you you you you you you can imagine the feedback was was was um you know I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like like mixed and one individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called called called called called called called called called CrossFit rise like okay okay so um I mean well uh again. I apologize I apologize I I I I I I I I I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize Rob if I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a um you know okay like like like like like like like like like okay I mean you know uh DM and you just like bro. I don't I I I I I I I I I don't agree. I think this argument uh so okay um um um you you you you you you you you you know so is pointless. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't get it. You should strive to to to to to to to to to do both like and he I mean well you know okay um uh like like like like like like like like like so just didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to you you you you you you you you you know uh you know so I mean you know so uh me and show me me me me me me me me me a DM and I do what I typically do when I hit him like you you you you you you you you you know okay you know I mean I mean well uh with an audio message and and and and and and and and and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, well so so like like like like like like like like like like well like okay we're back and forth with a few audio messages and the the the the the the the the the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going you're going you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're going you're going you're going you're going you're going you're going you're going to to to to to to to to to find like so like well so uh uh uh him. I believe in in in in in in in in in you at Sea find your father and we'll be a family like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh well okay I mean again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well well okay uh okay you know your own podcast piece of of of of of of of of of advice for you. Use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor use use use use use use use use use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor anchor is your One One One One One One One One One uh uh um well like well uh well Stop Shop for creating your own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's free. It allows you to record so um I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know um and edit your podcast right from your phone or your your your your your your your your your computer. It also distributes your uh uh you know I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay podcast to most major podcast platforms. And finally, and finally, and finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, and finally, and finally, and finally, and finally, and finally, and finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally, it gives you an opportunity to well you know um well so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so monetize your podcast. So if so if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if podcast or something you're looking to to to to to to to to to get into download the so like like like you know uh um you know know know know know know know know know free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started started started started started started started started started. Hey, welcome like um you know okay uh you know I mean so back back back back back back back back back. So been a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as as as as as as as as as my um okay so uh like okay you know you know last, you you you you you you you you you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind well I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh so so okay you know of surrounding that that's you you you you you you you you you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be like uh like okay well you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that that that that that that that that that way since you know, January 21st, when you know okay uh well okay um like like like like like like like like like okay I kind of first started talking about it and so and for good reason obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms balms balms balms balms balms balms balms balms uh like uh um so um well okay beard care and much much more more more more more more more more more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed you know so well well well well well well well well well well like like like um and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts acts acts acts acts acts acts acts acts of life and to you know um uh um like okay um like promote prayer meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire so you know know know know know know know know know okay well I mean you know okay like order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And And And And And And And And And please and please and please and please and please and please and please please please please please please please please please and please and please check out the link in you know I mean okay um um um um um um um um um like you know I mean well the show notes. Today's episode is all Also Also Also Also Also Also Also Also Also sponsored by pray more novenas this uh I mean so like I mean well um like like like like like like like like like Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you you you you you you you you you know like like I mean so like so so you meditate on the Lord's Lord's Lord's Lord's Lord's Lord's Lord's Lord's Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like so uh okay you know your own pace and and and and and and and and and you can find the time to listen to the um so so uh well well well well well well well well well well okay you know five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the the the the the the the the the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make podcast. Let okay okay well so well okay so I mean me explain. First First First First First First First First First of all, it's free second of all, there is a I mean you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean you know uh uh well creation tool that allow you to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone um uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know okay uh um I mean or your computer. Third. Anchor will anchor will will will will will will will will will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So it can so you know you you you you you you you you you know uh so so so uh be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many many many many many many many many many others. Fourth you can easily make um um like you know you know know know know know know know know know um I mean so money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you you you you you you you you you need in one well uh well uh like well like so place. Thank you. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've always I've always I've always I've always I've always I've always I've always I've always always always always always always always always always I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small you know um um um um um um um um um um so like so um I mean business thinking of funding their new adventure one one one one one one one one one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists uh I mean like so so I mean well I I I I I I I I I mean be seized and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if if if if if if if if if you uh so I mean I mean like you know okay I mean watch even even even even even even even even even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife well well well well well well well well well I mean well uh so you know okay like show me Tori and Me Myself Myself Myself Myself Myself Myself Myself Myself Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and okay um you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay okay there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say say say say say say say say say if the sound uh I mean okay um uh like um you know quality sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that is because I I I I I I I I I um okay like um well so you know I mean am currently in the the the the the the the the the middle of moving so I have packed my whole life up not uh like um so so so so so so so so so you know well uh okay thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in in in in in in in in in the middle of a hotel because okay uh well I mean so um like well well well well well well well well well I also started a new job last week. And yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, it's all decided to come come come come come come come come come you know um so uh so okay uh like at once. But the reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason I actually chose to do this podcast and do this okay I mean like you you you you you you you you you know so I mean so so by myself is because it's something that I I I I I I I I I want to talk to you about so uh okay well I mean you know um um um um um um um um um you know just from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the the the the the the the the the British Council like like okay well uh I mean uh um for more information about about about about about about about about about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British Council I I I I I I I I I mean you know well uh like well like well dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola Finola Finola Finola Finola Finola Finola Finola Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast this episode like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean so well um. We'll explore gender equality and balance balance balance balance balance balance balance balance balance in regards to our program and Beyond today. I'm joined like uh you you you you you you you you you know um uh you know um um by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are are are are are are are are are all British Council colleagues from different teams programs um well well well I I I I I I I I I mean like like okay and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked to the the the the the the the the the language assistance so um I mean I mean like um you know like like like like like like like like like program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on the team team team team team team team team team. So well um so so I mean um like I mean to start with with with with with with with with with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and what team you uh like like like like like like like like like you know I mean um like well okay are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based I'm based I'm based I'm based I'm based I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm based I'm based I'm based I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on on on on on on on on on patreon? Folks you know so well okay so okay well uh at home. I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on anchor okay you you you you you you you you you know okay okay uh I mean you know well which by the way is is is is is is is is is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me so you know so so so so so so so so so like okay well so uh explain first off it's free, and there's our our our our our our our our our creation tool that allows you to record you know you know well uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will will will will will will will will will distribute your okay well you know um well I mean you know uh podcast for you you you you you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well I mean I mean um of other places and when you're ready to to to to to to to to to start monetizing your podcast uh uh okay uh so I mean so you know anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make a okay um uh so um I mean um uh podcast in one one one one one one one one one place. Honestly. I wish I wish I wish I wish I wish I wish I wish I I I I I I I I I wish I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor well okay you know well well well well well well well well well well um um I mean app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to to to to to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez uh I mean uh uh uh um I mean so for the on the gun line line line line line line line line line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for okay so um well well well well well well well well well um like like okay March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out out out out out out out out out. I fucked like you know you know uh uh you know well I mean up up up up up up up up up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night night night night night night night night night last like um so uh okay so you know you know night and and and and and and and and and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have enough um so so so so so so so so so okay well um so uh so time to do it in the morning. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like like like like like like like like like I used to kind of ran well uh well uh um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break break break break break break break break break. How so uh well okay you know so you know I mean to light light light light light light light light light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and and and and and and and and and like like well well uh like you know like I'm answering the phone today on the the the the the the the the the show. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going to be talking about uh like well you know you know know know know know know know know know I mean well okay 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is is is is is is is is is deferred Capital maintenance and what you know so like uh like um um I I I I I I I I I mean it is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing property you buy like uh okay I mean uh so so I mean it it it it it it it it it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row for Is significant I I I I I I I I I mean okay like uh okay you know you know so expense on the hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or rewiring the house and and and and and and and and and okay I mean you know well uh okay like well we know that this this this this this this this this this happens it's not something we necessarily budget um okay like you know you know so so so so so so so so so well well for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if if if if if if if if if every couple of okay well well well well you know well like months, so I I I I I I I I I not months every couple of decades and this is actually a concept okay uh so so so so so so so so so um uh well well I mean that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back back back back back back back back back I mean like um so well um uh you know it is nearly 2 p.m. And And And And And And And And And I am still in my pajamas that is not well you know like um um um um um um um um um uh I mean uh uh on account of laziness that is actually on account of the the the the the the the the the fact that I have okay okay uh you know so like you know you know know know know know know know know know been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and and and and and and and and and I I mean okay you know I mean uh well um like we are in South South South South South South South South South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to meet I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so you know um okay well I mean. Eat us in a few few few few few few few few few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her it's her it's her her her her her her her her her it's her it's her it's her it's her it's her it's her birthday I I I I I I I I I mean well um um I mean I mean um so and so will kind of be be be be be be be be be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some of Friday uh you know um um um um um um um um um you know I mean uh uh so off. So I'm actually recording this on on on on on on on on on a Wednesday. And so and so and so and so and so and so and and and and and and and and and so and so and so today was like my um uh so okay you know know know know know know know know know you know um like big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that that that that that that that that that I can unplug uh I mean um okay um um um okay a little little little little little little little little little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends to celebrate uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh I mean so so I mean big shout out to Rebecca. It It It It It It It It It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two one two one two one two one two one two one two two two two two two two two two one two one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am am am am am am am am am super excited to um I mean uh you know like I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean finally finally launched this podcast. This has this has this has this has this has has has has has has has has has this has this has this has this has been something in the making for um um um um um um um um um okay I mean uh so okay uh you know years. I have I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in so um like um you you you you you you you you you know okay uh I mean my spirit to do it. But to be completely honest with with with with with with with with with you. I like um I mean so like uh like okay allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The The The The The The The The The uh the uh the uh the uh the uh the uh the uh the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the uh I mean I mean I mean so well um um knowledge is focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the well you you you you you you you you you know like okay you know like well I mean information that I teach personal growth growth growth growth growth growth growth growth growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your well I mean like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean so eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth like well so so so I mean like like like like like like like like like like. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So So So So So So So So So some uh so well I mean you know uh so well of you guys out there believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe in soul mates. Some of some of some of some of some of of of of of of of of of some of some of some of some of you don't some of uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean I mean okay I mean so you guys have this idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea of like a twin flame some of you well uh like well well um um um um um um um um um you know well don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and and and and and and and and and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number uh you you you you you you you you you know so so um um um well 29 and this episode we're going going going going going going going going going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then I mean like I mean so so so so so so so so so um I mean I mean like we're going to do a little bit of challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging our view on luck. So okay um uh so well okay okay well I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you uh well so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean uh okay are just moments before coming into my garage to record this this this this this this this this this for y'all. I was uh like uh uh so you know well um out in in in in in in in in in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good so um um um um um um um um um you know like I mean um uh well and it's actually kind of a little little little little little little little little little bit about what I'm going to talk about I mean well so um you know know know know know know know know know well you know um today. So I'm getting out in front of myself, but but but but but but but but but it's crazy how son um you know like okay well like like I mean feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels the best right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured I mean so so so so so so so so so so I mean well okay um okay like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow ice hail winds you're out doing those so I mean um I mean you know know know know know know know know know um okay okay runs. They're just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? so um um um um um um um um um so I mean you know you know you know um Of course you do do do do do do do do do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting um uh well like uh well well well well well well well well well uh okay your own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out out out out out out out out out into the well uh like you know okay I mean you know well world world world world world world world world world. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean so well um like easiest way to make a podcast and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's totally free anchor has all the um I mean so um you know you you you you you you you you you know well um creative tools. You'll need you'll need you'll need you'll need you'll need need need need need need need need need you'll need you'll need you'll need you'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your phone or uh like you know like uh so okay you know computer and and and and and and and and and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on on on on on on on on on um so um so like um so well Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You You You You You You You You You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to like I mean like well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh make a podcast all in one place. So what so what so so so so so so so so so what so what so what so what so what so what so what what what what what what what what what are you waiting for I mean okay you know um um well okay well well well well well well well well well download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um okay well you know uh Smith for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to to to to to to to to to need you to sit so I mean you know well um so uh uh down down down down down down down down down and buckle up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always um um um um um um um um um um well um so well um like pretty welcome to the inaugural episode of break the cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your host Joshua okay I mean I mean uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like Smith. Today. We're going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how how how how how how how how how the so so uh so um well uh like other Dem candidates are falling in in in in in in in in in line because they're wussies after that. I thought I mean so well you know like like like like like like like like like um like you know it was Right that we talk about the significance of of of of of of of of of the Boogaloo. And for um so I mean so um so so like the third third third third third third third third third segment, we're going to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and and and and and and and and and like you know I mean you know uh you know you know okay how Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians all just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well I mean you know um that you want to hear on an episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam Liam Liam Liam Liam Liam Liam Liam Liam. How you know uh like so okay well okay you know are you? you you you you you you you you All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay okay well you know. Yeah, it's been a good day. I'm recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording I'm recording I'm recording I'm recording I'm recording I'm recording I'm recording I'm recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going okay um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so well um to schedule this episode. So I'll so I'll so I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll record record record record record record record record record it and then I'll save it well so okay like so um okay like to come come come come come come come come come out later because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, um I mean okay so um I mean well you know if you were were were were were were were were were listening before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii so like like like like like like like like like like like like so so well while I still am when I'm recording this and yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet going back to Japan. So this I mean like okay well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean you know okay uh well well an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the what's the what's the what's the what's the what's the what's the what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's the what's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest forest and environment trees you know uh you know so um you know so I I I I I I I I I mean trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and and and and and and and and and so on uh I mean uh okay I mean so um well well well well well well well well well Essentials biodiversity. Those are those are those are those are those are those are those those those those those those those those those are those are those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really really really really really really really really really know um so like I mean like I mean so so about it? You are are are are are are are are are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your your your your your your your your your so so so okay like like um you know hand. India's a podcast brought to to to to to to to to to you by C for Annie graph. When we when we when we when we when we we we we we we we we we when we when we when we when we so okay okay like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach approach approach approach approach approach approach approach approach to I mean uh okay so like um I mean you know problem solving solving solving solving solving solving solving solving solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science science science science science science science science science of um um I mean so okay I mean you know I mean Forestry Forestry Forestry Forestry Forestry Forestry Forestry Forestry Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim to to to to to to to to to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place place place place place place place place place okay I mean I mean okay like so um you know suddenly a sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled you know know know know know know know know know you know um like so so like well the whole house where they they they they they they they they they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues of like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay I mean um like fire that separated and came to rest on on on on on on on on on each of them. All of them you know okay I mean I mean well okay I I I I I I I I I mean so were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues as the well uh uh well I mean I mean you know you know spirit enabled enabled enabled enabled enabled enabled enabled enabled enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I if I if I if I if I if I if I I I I I I I I I if I if I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took took took took took took took took took me by surprise you know like uh you know so uh I mean you know when when when when when when when when when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like yeah, like yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like I always always always always always always always always always um uh so you know um I mean so um thought that was like a a a a a a a a a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly me so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um like well okay. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in um okay like like well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we we we we we we we we we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we pull up I order I was like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, oh, no, like okay so okay like so you know like would you fuck me me me me me me me me me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay I mean. You've guys said wedges I said said said said said said said said said wedges. Is along with that shit and uh you know uh well I mean well like like like like like like like like like well guess what? I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french french french french french french french french french fries so I mean I mean well uh you know um you know know know know know know know know know. They are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate well you know you know you know okay okay um I mean what what what what what what what what what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series series series series series series series series series is you know I mean uh so well I mean like um based on on on on on on on on on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House so like like like like like like like like like you know I mean well so I mean uh and youth Ministries websites. It is is is is is is is is is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in well okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay uh so your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time time time time time time time time time with him. Remember your um so well um um well I mean I mean daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily devotion matters. March 7th march 7th march 7th march 7th march 7th march 7th march march march march march march march march march 7th march 7th march 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be reading uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh you know you know you know you know well from number 17 verses 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here. Now you sons so um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so I mean um of Levi it is a small thing to you that that that that that that that that that the god of well okay I mean um I mean um so so Israel has separated separated separated separated separated separated separated separated separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near to I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay so um himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans so well um um um um um um um um um so I mean I mean well so behind on their retirement savings imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine if your family could learn to budget save you know uh um you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean and invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through through through through through through through through through my own okay like I mean like I mean okay like okay experience exactly how how how how how how how how how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know okay you know well retirement on or before the age of of of of of of of of of 65 from age 90. In 228 in 228 in 228 in 228 in 228 228 228 228 228 228 228 228 228 in 228 in 228 in 228 in 228 Kayla well um you know well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um and I have been married for nine years had three boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys and earn four okay you know uh well so you know so so degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees combined with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero um well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean I mean okay you know I mean to over over over over over over over over over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to you know so so so so so so so so so like so okay like well um invite you to fire the family.com where we have free free free free free free free free free tools and resources that you can well so um um uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like use to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where you know I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean okay you know I mean um ideas come come come come come come come come come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The uh the uh the the the the the the the the the uh the uh the uh the uh the uh the uh the uh like like like like like like like like like well okay I mean okay you know okay creative agency accounting Nest. Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing um so like like like like like like like like like like you know well you know well technology education and more the ideation process can be be be be be be be be be a little bit of a black um like you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know so um so box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations organizations. We hope these I mean I mean uh uh um so well like conversations can can can can can can can can can shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well okay like like so okay more service-based more and more of us are are are are are are are are are expected to be creative as part of okay uh so um I mean you know like like like like like like like like like um our jobs. Our hope is that by talking to people who work work work work work work work work work daily with incorporate constraints I mean um okay you know well you know so so so so so so so so so you know and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn how to you know um uh um uh like like well tap into our own creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas you know so I mean I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so well well came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate operate operate operate operate operate operate operate operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You You You You You You You You You like like you know you know okay I mean like well are of course listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening in with the big man the force and I'm so glad to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay so well so um well finally I feel like I tell you what, I I I I I I I I I feel like the flow from What's uh well so well so uh like like like like like like like like like like the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught the you you you you you you you you you know you know um like uh so I mean so white whale and I finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally got every in the in the podcast with us. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so um um um um um um um um um okay you know um I mean um um well, thank you. So good to to to to to to to to to finally have you alone? How many times should we okay uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um well um reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more more more more more more more voices you know well okay I mean well uh uh you know in the the the the the the the the the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the okay like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean uh okay I mean well Traditions passed down to us. Amidst Amidst Amidst Amidst Amidst Amidst Amidst Amidst Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like okay well uh are a lot of ways to get involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved and an easy one is to start um you know I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well uh um you know a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting platform. If um so um okay well uh I mean okay you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh you know know know know know know know know know you know I mean well you know you know uh me explain it's free free free free free free free free free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit well so uh um well so um um um um um um um um um you know your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for you. So I mean like like you know um I mean um okay it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um um like okay so like make some money from your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need uh like um um um um um um um um um so okay so like um to make a podcast in one convenient location. So So So So So So So So So if you're interested download the okay well you know okay I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to you know know know know know know know know know you know well so um I mean um um take a moment to to to to to to to to to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm I mean um um like like like like like like like like like I mean like um I mean having a good time doing these because my my my my my my my my my goal is to put the truth well well okay like you know you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or or or or or or or or or um um you know so you know well you know so those who were in in in in in in in in in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so so like okay um so to handle things. And simply to make make make make make make make make make it an easier process for you. Today is today is today is today is is is is is is is is is today is today is today is today is today is like um okay well uh like like like like like like like like like you know I mean going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but but but but but but but but but just laying some okay you know okay uh well I mean I mean well truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth out there for you to give it some thought as you enter a a a a a a a a a diet uh well so um okay you know you know I mean or if you are are are are are are are are are in the middle of a diet or even a contest you know uh okay I I I I I I I I I mean so okay I mean you know prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's well so you know okay I mean okay I mean uh the easiest way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's you know you know know know know know know know know know so uh um well well you know free. It's free. I could stop there there there there there there there there there. But let's go on there's creation tools that so like um I mean so so so so so so so so so well uh um allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor um okay okay you know uh so um um will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many like you know um okay well well like well many more. Seriously, there's seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, seriously, there's seriously, there's seriously, there's seriously, there's seriously, there's seriously, there's seriously, there's seriously, there's places places places places places places places places places my podcast is on. I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've never I've never I've never I've never heard of thanks. Anchor you okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so like I mean like can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need to like um um so I mean you you you you you you you you you know well I mean make a podcast in one place. I get asked a a a a a a a a a lot can I'm thinking okay so well okay uh um you know like of starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with anchor so so so so so so so so so so um okay you know um so well download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to well you know okay like okay um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining Examining Examining Examining Examining Examining Examining Examining Examining you know I mean well I mean you know like like you know The True True True True True True True True True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel Ariel Ariel Ariel Ariel Ariel Ariel Ariel Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda Amanda Amanda Amanda Amanda Amanda Amanda Amanda Amanda. Thanks like okay you know so well well so I mean for joining us us us us us us us us us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you you you you you you you you you um uh well I mean uh like so okay. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to well okay you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like like take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things uh okay like like like like like like like like like uh okay you know well okay well, there's many things but one of the the the the the the the the the one of them that bothers me well you know uh uh you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean that the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch couch couch couch couch couch couch couch couch. There's six so you know uh okay uh I mean okay okay of us us us us us us us us us in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to well um um um um um um um um um well so okay you know uh um sit on a couch not walk on it not not not not not not not not not run on it now jump so well like um uh okay like um on it and and and and and and and and and dance on it. Do not do not do not do not do not do do do do do do do do do not do not do not do not do WWF moves on it. It's for you you you you you you you you you know like well um okay like well you know sitting that's it. So when you you you you you you you you you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed you know you know well well well well well well well well well uh well so okay um to but they just can't help themselves, but do a a a a a a a a a little Skipper. Ooh on the like well okay um okay um um well couch, but when when when when when when when when when you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll I mean um uh okay like like like like like like like like like uh so well tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, hey, welcome, hey, welcome, hey, welcome, hey, welcome, hey, welcome, hey, welcome, hey, welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome, hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I I I I I I I I I well so you know you know um well I mean like was by your your your your your your your your your boy Mac. Now you now you now you now you now you now you now now now now now now now now now you now you now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near okay you know well well well well well well well well well um um so you know uh appreciate everybody for taking the time out to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to the Mac truth. You understand like you know well I mean um I mean um um um um um um um um um I mean we shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out here here here here here here here here here like I mean uh I mean I mean you know like so trying to teach people people people people people people people people people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You uh like like like you you you you you you you you you know okay well okay already know. No, we have a few subject we go get get get get get get get get get into today and talk well well um okay well you know like like like like like like like like like like about it discussion. You know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one you you you you you you you you you know like I mean I mean okay I mean like so that they got right now with with with with with with with with with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just okay so so uh um um so so so so so so so so so well not too long ago. I see I see I see I see I I I I I I I I I see I see I see I see I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay um so so um your host development Ronnie. I am the the the the the the the the the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which um uh you know so okay so so so so so so so so so okay you know is a platform dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you you you you you you you you you you know you know like like well uh I mean uh for joining me for the the the the the the the the the first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have I mean so like um so so so so so so so so so like I mean I mean with me or a leotard ceiling Milo. She's a a a a a a a a a corporate legal counsel by profession I mean I mean uh I mean you know well well well well well well well well well so so who recently resigned from a boutique investment and Alton see company based in sandton sandton sandton sandton sandton sandton sandton sandton sandton uh you know I mean well okay like um you know. She's a a a a a a a a a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh okay okay so um like a of contracts as well as attending to to to to to to to to to any legal governance matters for the so so okay well well like um so organization. She's abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding she's abiding she's abiding she's abiding she's abiding she's abiding she's abiding she's abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding she's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well so I mean you know uh you know. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today today today today today today today today today. I'm going to be telling you about well okay um okay I mean I I I I I I I I I mean well you know The Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a a a a a a a a a shot of espresso and so uh so okay uh um so so let's Dive In In In In In In In In In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's um you you you you you you you you you know well you know I mean uh well like aunt's house near Anaheim at the time time time time time time time time time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is dorothy is dorothy is dorothy is is is is is is is is is dorothy is dorothy is dorothy is dorothy is dorothy is 32 you know I mean like I I I I I I I I I mean so uh uh I mean and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis is not in the picture and he um uh you know okay okay well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that that that that that that that that that we ask so well um um okay um well um all our guest speakers. So So So So So So So So So number one, what are three words that you would use to I mean well well well well well well well well well uh I mean you know like I mean uh describe yourself three and I I I I I I I I I have to just narrow it down to three strategic organized uh well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay okay and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad dad dad dad dad dad dad dad dad joke I wanted to um uh uh um so um like like respond respond respond respond respond respond respond respond respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I responded that way but okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um uh uh I mean I mean here's my try. So why so why why why why why why why why why so why so why so why so why so why so why so why did the the the the the the the the the dad know that? His baby his baby his baby his baby his baby his his his his his his his his his baby his baby his baby his baby daughter would like okay uh well so uh I I I I I I I I I mean okay be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried. And what what what what what what what what what is one well uh you know I mean I mean okay so well random thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give um um um um um um um um um like okay so well like I mean well you guys a quick heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all like uh so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay okay of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's for free Hallelujah. No premium um uh uh I mean um um like okay account necessary Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like I mean well I mean one you're listening to right now now now now now now now now now and you can follow those podcast. So you never uh like okay so uh like I I I I I I I I I mean so miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on on on on on on on on on Instagram you know so so uh like well uh uh. And if you are a a a a a a a a a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline okay well um um um um um um um um um you know like like you know like no matter where you are. So So So So So So So So So if you haven't done so already be so so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um so um sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts like okay um you know um I mean you know know know know know know know know know okay in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss an okay uh like okay well you know um so episode speaking of of of of of of of of of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This you know like you know know know know know know know know know uh so okay like uh is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt guilt guilt guilt guilt guilt guilt guilt guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a a a a a a a a a lot of them so like uh well okay so like you know out there. But But But But But But But But But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay okay well well you know so that's the shit right there Mexican Mexican Mexican Mexican Mexican Mexican Mexican Mexican Mexican favorite album for me would be liquid swords so so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh you know uh from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the the the the the the the the the podcast I uh um um so like okay I mean like am your host old old old old old old old old old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table table table table table table table table table okay uh okay so okay well okay you know each week. We invite invite invite invite invite invite invite invite invite we invite we invite we invite we invite we invite we invite we we we we we we we we we invite we invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing I I I I I I I I I mean um okay so so well well well the questions that really matter to Brazilians Brazilians Brazilians Brazilians Brazilians Brazilians Brazilians Brazilians Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to okay like well well like um um um um um um um um um um like safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in in in in in in in in in the I mean so like okay well I mean um so hot seat seat seat seat seat seat seat seat seat. My name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name my name my name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism you know know know know know know know know know um well you know okay you know like um at the University of of of of of of of of of the west of England. My name my name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my my name my name my name is Simon white. I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying um uh um um um um um um um um um um you know like uh so media and journalism at you as well well well well well well well well well. And I'm in the second year. What is I mean um well so so so so so so so so so so well okay you know the impact of the withdrawal from the EU on the the the the the the the the the student population? Well, I understand okay um you know uh I mean like like like like like like like like like uh you know from what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of of of of of of of of of students applying for um well so so I mean so like okay overseas hasn't hasn't hasn't hasn't hasn't hasn't hasn't hasn't hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm um you know well well well well well well well well well well so like uh so reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven Joven. I'm a um you know well I mean um you know okay well certified certified certified certified certified certified certified certified certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope and okay you you you you you you you you you know you know you know like I mean so I mean Recovery. Hi everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing you know uh I I I I I I I I I mean um like I mean you know okay with you a conversation. I had with with with with with with with with with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were we were we were we were we were we we we we we we we we we were we were we were we were talking about relationships I mean you know know know know know know know know know well you know well well uh well and when we're in relationships with partners, and and and and and and and and and we really want them to understand like like um okay like you know know know know know know know know know okay well what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex complex complex complex complex complex complex complex complex trauma and the sea. Comes of comes of comes of comes of comes of comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes of comes of comes of comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start start start start start start start start start us off um you know like so like well I mean uh with our new new new new new new new new new podcast. We will we will we will we will we will we will we will we we we we we we we we we will we will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on to some I I I I I I I I I mean uh well well um like uh uh of the events that are happening, I I I I I I I I I think maybe we should talk about mu n well you know okay so like well you you you you you you you you you know so that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate. I know you so so um so I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us us us us us us us us us. Oh, yeah, so well you know well okay I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin Dublin Dublin Dublin Dublin Dublin Dublin Dublin Dublin for two you know okay well like okay like uh you know days. Days, Friday the 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like okay like I mean like okay conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they I mean so okay uh okay you know know know know know know know know know so uh also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I so I so I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I was very great great great great great great great great great at um you know I mean I mean I mean um um you know know know know know know know know know such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was it was it was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus of of of of of of of of of Psychiatry you know okay so so um uh like like and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of of of of of of of of of South Carolina in Charleston. I also like uh you know so um uh I I I I I I I I I mean um served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American American American American American American American American American College of clinical well like well I mean like so like well Pharmacy. Today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir I mean um you know know know know know know know know know like okay um um so for all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza influenza influenza influenza influenza influenza influenza influenza influenza treatment. Dr. Rack you rack you rack you rack you rack you rack rack rack rack rack rack rack rack rack you rack you rack you rack you know so you know well so so so so so so so so so um uh okay is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center Center Center Center Center Center Center Center Center and has contributed several like I mean you know okay like well well well well well well well well well well like papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I have have have have have have have have have well okay I mean well um uh you know um. Um, I'm here with Liana Liana Liana Liana Liana Liana Liana Liana Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good um I mean you know um um um um um um um um um I mean like like uh how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March March March March March March March March March 1 March. Oh, you um uh okay like so well okay um know, it it it it it it it it it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean uh okay you know had to ask you a question about leap year year year year year year year year year. What did you ask me to well uh uh like okay I mean so so so so so so so so so I mean remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with with with with with with with with with the kid whose dad well I mean well well okay um so um um um um um um um um um his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was was was was was was was was was only um like well like well uh so well like 14 or whatever. I literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally never thought of that once that's interesting and it's uh like I mean you you you you you you you you you know okay okay I mean well whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how how how how how how how how how old you are never thought wow could've fooled me well well well I mean okay so so so so so so so so so okay like. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's so sad. That's okay um okay uh you know um okay you know not not not not not not not not not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um like so like like uh thought you were leaving for the the the the the the the the the night. I know I know I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know know I know I know I'd stick around a little bit okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know um well uh. I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This This This This This This This This This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I I mean I mean like well so well well like guess we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster I I I I I I I I I mean so um so I mean you know well you know. Anyways, yeah, let's use use use use use use use use use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea like well well well well well well well well well uh so you know like okay you know podcast just to see what what what what what what what what what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's I mean you know well uh um um um um um um um um um um well like two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like like like like like like like like like tea like so well so well you know uh so. Yeah, I like coffee. So So So So So So So So So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't uh okay like like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean like coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my my my my my my my my my personal favorites so okay you know you know okay okay so um. Probably Earl Earl Earl Earl Earl Earl Earl Earl Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think like like like like like like like like like you know you know like you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know it's pretty good. What about you for coffee or tea or coffee for for for for for for for for for coffee? uh um you know like okay well well well I truly like espresso espresso espresso espresso espresso espresso espresso espresso espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you made this uh okay um so so so so so so so so so uh um like like podcast if it's just called just the tea, why don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't we just named ourselves well like like like um um okay like those? Well, I I I I I I I I I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I don't know I do call coffee. I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was like why not so so so so so so so so so like uh you know you know um so so we can call it just the the the the the the the the the tea guys, but then we're just two guys so like like um um um um um um um um um I mean so okay well been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast today. I wanted uh like like I mean okay okay okay um us to to to to to to to to to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed you you you you you you you you you know okay like I mean well uh uh uh with Theology and interesting thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all you know okay so so so so so so so so so I mean uh so uh you know the time and Romans chapter 1 is is is is is is is is is really no different and Romans 1 we're like like well well um I mean I I I I I I I I I mean well dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the the the the the the the the the question of is uh uh like um like so um like the law of God God God God God God God God God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at so okay I I I I I I I I I mean okay well well uh like. No matter no matter no matter no matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter no matter no matter no matter no matter no matter where they've grown up up up up up up up up up or what they've heard all their lives and it's well so well you know well like like like like like like like like like like um an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act act act act act act act act act basically in sin like I mean so well okay I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you know and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are back with another installment of your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite battle Hawks podcast Hawk you know you know you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean you know and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My My My My My My My My My co-host my co-host my co-host my co-host my co-host my co-host my co-host my my my my my my my my my co-host my co-host I'm breath stock was there so like okay well um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know you know okay um okay okay victory over the Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up so so uh I mean you you you you you you you you you know like uh like looking like it was going to be a blowout blowout blowout blowout blowout blowout blowout blowout blowout. Yeah, I would agree like uh well I mean um uh well I I I I I I I I I mean. We all know about that line and how it moved over the past past past past past past past past past past few well well like so so uh uh so days before the game game game game game game game game game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out like you know you you you you you you you you you know so you know so well um of taking the dragons spread of the the the the the the the the the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't so like like like uh uh um um um um um um um um um uh have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the the the the the the the the the nope well well like uh you know I mean um uh. That's not what what what what what what what what what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express like well well well well well well well well well so like okay okay I mean okay to you how stinking excited I am to share the the the the the the the the the next few episodes well you know uh okay you know okay you know I I I I I I I I I mean with you. I'm sitting I'm sitting I'm sitting I'm sitting I'm sitting I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sitting I'm sitting I'm sitting I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis Lewis Lewis Lewis Lewis Lewis Lewis Lewis Lewis. And we're talking mental health so okay um well uh um I mean like. This This This This This This This This This is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we I I I I I I I I I mean okay um you know well okay like well talk about other crazy spiritual encounters encounters encounters encounters encounters encounters encounters encounters encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's you know uh okay like uh um you you you you you you you you you know well crucial. We felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the the the the the the the the the you know well um like I mean so uh you know issues surrounding mental mental mental mental mental mental mental mental mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session well well well well well well well well well um okay uh well so like uh. It was it was it was it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was computer sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks. Yeah, either yeah, either yeah, either yeah, either yeah, either yeah, either yeah, either either either either either either either either either yeah, either yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and you know you know know know know know know know know know okay like like okay like you know we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers on here. So we put it onto okay okay well um like well uh um um um um um um um um um my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little better uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well you know okay you know like at things like clicks. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording actually has well so uh like like like like like like like like like okay well you know uh any so we're just going to apologize in advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced advanced and hope that you still I mean like I mean um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families families families families families families families families families to feed. Let's okay like like I mean like okay you know well roll onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world um so you know know know know know know know know know you know uh you know you know uh where two boys talk about things and and and and and and and and and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean like um um so well chance of getting in there. Most Most Most Most Most Most Most Most Most of most of most of most of most of most of most of most of of of of of of of of of most of you are great and amazing I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um um I mean so um you just lack the tools and the tactics how to make your your your your your your your your your light shine bright okay uh okay you know you know I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay enough to be hired. I am one of the few people in this world who who who who who who who who who like I mean uh uh you know so well like got hired twice by McKinsey. So So So So So So So So So I Ali know how to present myself Come I mean uh um okay um um um um um um um um um I mean okay you know join this podcast. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going going going going going going going going going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to share with you you you you you you you you you what I've learned in 10 years of I mean so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh you know uh McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all all all all all all all all all my life experience and my uh well I mean I mean like you you you you you you you you you know okay okay learnings go in here and once you've listened enough join join join join join join join join join our Facebook group where actually I mean I mean I mean um um so so so so so so so so so like I mean a very cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into into into into into into into into into practice as their make the way Powers. They are they are they are are are are are are are are are they are they are they are they are they are they are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act act act act act act act act act I mean well okay uh you know well uh like together before the work week. It It It It It It It It It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um well well well so off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just just just just just just just just just got a lotta things that I mean like um I mean I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well like we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given given given given given given given given given against so I mean I mean so so uh um okay towards the evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to be be be be be be be be be okay okay well well like you know I mean you know done for tomorrow? Get your your your your your your your your your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing lunches. Etc well uh so so so so so so so so so you know like so so well it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get get get get get get get get get back to work and school tomorrow morning you know you know well okay so so so so so so so so so well uh uh. I like teasing my kids at this time because it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a i you guys. I know that so um well I mean um so I I I I I I I I I mean uh school is your favorite. You guys can't even wait to to to to to to to to to go back and like so uh well um like you know uh I mean know know know know know know know know know I hate school. I don't think they really do like I think they like like like like like like like like like so I mean um so like I mean well you know to see see see see see see see see see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? right right right right right right right right We got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the so you know know know know know know know know know I mean um uh so so I mean definite article in this video. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now. If you guys did not watch my other video about you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know well uh so the indefinite articles, you can always always always always always always always always always go back and watch that video as well uh okay well uh uh you know know know know know know know know know um I mean in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages languages languages languages languages languages languages languages languages like Russian like you know okay I mean I mean I mean uh so. I I I I I I I I I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes so so so so so so so so so um like uh okay you know um like English articles are very very very very very very very very very confusing and then there are languages like German that has so so you know know know know know know know know know you know so um okay well I think three different kinds not just like like like like like like like like like articles but kinds and for myself you know so like like so well you know know know know know know know know know well as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's literally okay so uh uh well um I mean well the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast. We use it for casual poor well so um like so okay so so so so so so so so so okay and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor well uh um well you know you know okay well so great one. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only you know so so so so so so so so so um uh like like well well record and edit your podcast or you can upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload your podcast straight to Anchor, uh well I mean like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming streaming streaming streaming streaming streaming streaming streaming streaming platforms that apple so so like okay like you know I mean well pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they they they they they they they they they will okay you know um um like I mean so um be short short short short short short short short short and on top of that you can even make money off of this uh I I I I I I I I I mean um you know like well well uh app. So it's free and and and and and and and and and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can like so so like um um um um um um um um um I mean uh I mean make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with with with with with with with with with the right sponsors for your um okay okay okay uh um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just okay like well so you know well I mean okay go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to you know um so I mean so okay um so the summer house house house house house house house house house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons um like so um um um um um um um um um uh uh like I mean Vice. I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, Wow, Wow, Wow, Wow, Wow, Wow, Wow, Wow, do we have a um uh okay I mean um I mean uh you you you you you you you you you know lot to cover tonight? Lots of lots of lots of lots of lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of relationship stuff. Lots of lots of of of of of of of of of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of of of of of of of of of new Jordan stuff um um like okay I mean well okay uh to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the like so um like like like like like like like like like like um uh you know relationships and I've got some fun engagement news. You guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys you'll have to wait I mean like well okay you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know to the end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then then then then then then then then then who um okay uh I mean I mean uh you know well and then we'll end end end end end end end end end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well so so so week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going to to to to to to to to to you know um you know um uh so okay um be doing a podcast to to to to to to to to to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and what uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh you know um so it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined every week but Ali my co-host so okay um you know um um um um um um um um um um um I mean and we will go through talk about what matters at each each each each each each each each each position where the Panthers okay um well you know so um uh uh stand stand stand stand stand stand stand stand stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be going well well well well well well well well well so you know you know okay uh so so into free agency a little bit. And And And And And And And And And then also what's important that position generally when looking I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay okay well for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to to to to to to to to to offer we will um you know so I mean like I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you know be going Each position group one by one in the Box. The draft draft draft draft draft draft draft draft draft has that so okay I mean so um well you know so it looks to be a a a a a a a a a major part of how the Panthers go about this rebuild um so you know know know know know know know know know okay um I mean I mean well that we've heard so much about about about about about about about about about anyway. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're you know know know know know know know know know uh uh okay like um well like listening to and give us a try. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this like like like like like like like like like um so okay I mean I mean like I mean episode includes dramatisations and and and and and and and and and discussions of murder and assault that some people may so okay um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um you know find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under under under under under under under under under 13 on an eerie, October 9th well well you know uh like well well well well well well well well well so you know in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky. That is at you know like I mean uh like like you know well well well well well well well well well 3 a.m. On October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed you you you you you you you you you know um I mean um uh I mean well you know by a woman wandering wandering wandering wandering wandering wandering wandering wandering wandering their campus. What is what is what is what is what is what is is is is is is is is is what is what is what is she doing? What if she sees you know know know know know know know know know so you know well well well you know well us watching we should close the the the the the the the the the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know you know so uh. Please have you seen my daughter Betty Gale Gale Gale Gale Gale Gale Gale Gale Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry uh like you know you you you you you you you you you know like well I mean so. I didn't recognize you the police were just just just just just just just just just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and and and and and and and and and Mental Illness listener so well I mean okay okay okay so uh discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have been so I mean I I I I I I I I I mean so well uh so like asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His His His His His His His His His sister's nursemaid had warned him, but uh like like you know well like um okay it it it it it it it it it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled pulled the um okay okay like well like okay um covers over his head. Maybe if if if if if if if if if he pretended well enough the Sandman would leave okay so uh well well well well well well well well well uh so well uh him be all he had to do was steady steady steady steady steady steady steady steady steady his breathing stay very still um I mean uh like like I mean uh like like like like like like like like like and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door door door door door door door door door you know uh uh like uh uh you know you know slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, can oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like well okay you know you know uh well okay I know know know know know know know know know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has come so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um okay well uh like out of the cow. They died a white white white white white white white white white because there's pus and blood in okay like um uh so well I mean uh it it it it it it it it it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to uh well like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay okay do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was was was was was was was was was just isn't there's almond produce milk like well like okay so um so well well well well well well well well well. What breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what breasts what what what what what what what what what breasts what breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good smells good smells good good good good good good good good good smells good smells good smells good smells good smells good smells good doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't matter coconut milk is um um like you know like well okay so a thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean uh um um you know uh. How can I I I I I I I I I was absolutely vile? And I and I and I and I and I and and and and and and and and and I and I and I and I don't know why people eat it. So drink you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean I mean so you know like okay is it actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like okay I mean um know what the problem is what you I I I I I I I I I don't think I'm a problem. I think you're okay um uh I mean you you you you you you you you you know well well like the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to to to to to to to to to get well like I mean uh uh I mean you know um you going. All All All All All All All All All you all you all you all you all you all you all you all you you you you you you you you you all you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to okay like like like like like like like like like okay you know okay you know I mean well get started and you know know know know know know know know know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app okay okay okay uh well um um um um um um um um um I mean well or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your your your your your your your your your way to your own I mean I mean well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh like podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever you want to talk about on I mean well I mean uh like so so so so so so so so so you know um your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want want want want want want want want want to make I mean um okay you know um I mean uh um it about about about about about about about about about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, once again, once again, once again, once once once once once once once once once again, once again, once again, once again, once again, go to the get the the the the the the the the the you know like you know you know uh um okay you know anchor app. I'll go go go go go go go go go I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go go go go go go go go go I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way. Good like like like like like like like like like you know okay I mean um well so um morning. Good morning. This This This This This This This This This is Keith. Nothing from nothing from nothing from nothing from nothing from nothing from from from from from from from from from nothing from nothing from nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss so so so so so so so so so okay so uh you know um um you know Florida's loss at Tennessee get into into into into into into into into into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators well so okay uh okay so okay so to to to to to to to to to 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky. Carrie so so you know so like so so I mean Blackshear. The The The The The The The The The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be be be be be be be be be okay so like so so like you know so the last game for Dante pass pass pass pass pass pass pass pass pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with I mean like like so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um honors High honors, I think in In the spring which is fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic really happy for so I mean uh okay well you know like so him him him him him him him him him or take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys you know know know know know know know know know um so well like well you know okay enjoy it. You know, this is the fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun time of the year in our sport uh I mean like um so uh well well well well well well well well well I mean. This is March. Now we're now we're now we're now we're now we're now now now now now now now now now we're now we're now we're now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball. Our this so okay like uh okay okay like I mean week is brought to to to to to to to to to you by anchor that's the platform. We use we use we use we use use use use use use use use use we use we use we use we use we use to bring you this this this this this this this this this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based based based based based based based based based you know um you know well so uh you know I mean on the devote 3-6-5 3-6-5 3-6-5 3-6-5 3-6-5 3-6-5 3-6-5 3-6-5 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and like um okay well so so so so so so so so so okay you know like youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries to see you grow well so okay I mean so I mean you know um um um um um um um um um in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember like so you know you know okay so okay okay your daily devotion matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters. March 2nd march 2nd march 2nd march 2nd march 2nd march 2nd march 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd march 2nd march 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean okay you know like okay from Psalm chapter 31 verses verses verses verses verses verses verses verses verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh I mean well for I am in trouble my eyes waste away away away away away away away away away with grief. Yes, my soul and well uh uh well you know know know know know know know know know well like okay my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories that well so so so so so so so so so like well I mean well I mean so matter to you and the other other other other other other other other other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks as always for like I mean like you know know know know know know know know know you know well okay so tuning in with us on desert rock FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM. If you never listen to the you know uh well uh well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for for for for for for for for for the like I mean well so uh okay uh like team and I I I I I I I I I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your rescue I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know like you know you know you know okay Greyhounds are weekly youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto I mean okay well well well well well well well well well um well so you know well who has brought you issues. Like we're like like like like like like like like like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're like like like like like like like like like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 that like like you know you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh like uh have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter of the Ku Klux okay well I mean like uh okay like so Klan. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like uh okay uh so so you stories like is God real? real real real real real real real real Well, it turns out for the first I mean so so um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all all all right, all right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you how you how you you you you you you you you you how you how you how you how you how you how you doing, doing, doing, doing, doing, doing, doing, doing, doing, my friend? Brett so I mean so you know uh okay um uh I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I I I I I I I I I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I appreciate you taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking like uh uh um well I mean okay okay the time. It's been been been been been been been been been a little while since we've chatted. So what so what so what so what so so so so so so so so so what so what so what so what so what have I mean so so like so so so so so so so so so well um so you been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But But But But But But But But But Patty and I my um I mean well like okay you know so okay wife decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position position position position position position position position position that we I mean okay okay okay okay so okay like would move back back back back back back back back back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting a little well okay like okay um um well so better at life. I I I I I I I I I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode so well so well well well well well well well well well you know okay like you know. I'm going to share a few thoughts on on on on on on on on on the idea of finding meaning more to like uh you know I I I I I I I I I mean you know like uh uh come on that in a moment. But But But But But But But But But first let's settle in with the sound of you know I mean like so okay you you you you you you you you you know like you know the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can can can can can can can can can feel daunting okay so well well um I mean um I mean and or just just just just just just just just just too big to tackle that some people have a seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm I mean you know well uh uh so I mean like one of your your your your your your your your your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan you know you know you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean um well like. What's up guys? This is Jordan and and and and and and and and and Brady Turner. Hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's hey, how's hey, how's it going guys? okay so um like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like This is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait a I mean okay like you know like okay um okay second. Why didn't I I I I I I I I I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his um you you you you you you you you you know so so um I mean you know I mean I knew as as as as as as as as as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his like like I I I I I I I I I mean um you know I mean uh uh regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it it it it it it it it it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan um jordan um jordan um jordan um um um um um um um um um jordan um jordan um jordan um jordan um jordan um okay uh like you know know know know know know know know know so um um Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This This This This This This This This This you know I mean uh so you know uh well uh is our first first first first first first first first first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked um like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well so about a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going going going going going going going going going to be fairly intoxicated while I mean well like so like um like I I I I I I I I I mean we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will will will will will will will will will uh you know so um so okay I mean like ask our good good good good good good good good good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's um she's um she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's um she's um she's um she's um she's um she's um she's um like I I I I I I I I I mean you know well like so like a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi guys, hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we we we we we we we we we talk I mean um uh uh like you know I mean I mean about about about about about about about about about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs um so so so so so so so so so I mean well I mean um well so. I hope you like it. Thank you you you you you you you you you guys for joining into the uh like you know I mean so uh so um um um um um um um um um art of this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey. How you I mean well um so like um um like doing today? Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this uh so so so so so so so so so I mean so so well I mean okay right now. Thank you for joining us us us us us us us us us really? So I let me give our listeners are uh um um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean I mean little bit of context or of what I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so I so I was browsing LinkedIn well okay I mean um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college college college college college college college college college back in I mean so I mean like well like like uh 2012. Soccer together so so so so so so so so so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens Likens Likens Likens Likens Likens Likens Likens Likens. I'm Chris like like okay uh uh well you know well rwk. I'm Corey from from from from from from from from from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But well I mean well um so like like like like like like like like like you know I mean first we want to say thank you to our sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors first up sticker fide. They okay like uh uh okay uh okay well made made made made made made made made made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same for you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like um well okay so. So if you want to check them out, make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to head over to I mean I mean you know um like well like like like like like like like like like um sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you get the urban like like like like like like like like like you know I mean uh so well okay well robot cat t-shirt. And if if if if if if if if if and if and if and if and if and if and if and if and and and and and and and and and if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh like okay um you know you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no no no no no no no no no love city.com. And then also I mean well um I mean like so like like like like like like like like like um SD prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products um um um um um um um um um you know okay you know I mean okay I mean okay for your booth booth booth booth booth booth booth booth booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh um uh uh for you. You can check them out at SD screen screen screen screen screen screen screen screen screen printing dotnet. So you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you so you so you know uh you know uh so okay you know know know know know know know know know uh episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I and I I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this this this this this this this this this show operate you know okay well well I mean you know well so in secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know um so um well ultimately can never be 100% verified except except except except except except except except except by Society members themselves for every kernel like you know like I mean you you you you you you you you you know so so well of truth. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by by by by by by by by by each group to protect their uh I mean okay so um okay okay you know know know know know know know know know true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy pro-democracy pro-democracy pro-democracy pro-democracy pro-democracy pro-democracy pro-democracy pro-democracy activists like uh like I mean um you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators as an an an an an an an an an so okay like so um you know uh so expression of peaceful dissent dissent dissent dissent dissent dissent dissent dissent dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 around around around around around around around around around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts on you know so I mean so uh okay well well the boys podcast before before before before before before before before before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk um I mean um um um um um um um um um uh uh I mean um um a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So So So So So So So So So one moment. I have a script um um I mean I mean I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way way way way way way way way way well I mean okay so okay like you know I mean to make a a a a a a a a a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like okay like uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor well I mean like I mean like like well I I I I I I I I I mean will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple music you know um uh so um um so well. A A A A A A A A A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with I mean I mean like well like you know well well no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, uh anyways, uh anyways, uh anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, uh anyways, uh anyways, uh anyways, uh anyways, uh anyways, uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay so well uh let's get this rolling. Like a record record right now now now now now now now now now and I can just cut um well um you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so it. Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone uh like I mean so um uh um you know like this every time. All right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome I mean well well well well well well well well well okay so I mean well you know you know back Sue's of time. I I I I I I I I I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you know like well well well well well well well well well uh okay uh uh uh drinking tea. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known known known known known known known known known the birdie I like like uh I mean I mean you know well you know live live live live live live live live live. Oh, yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird well well well well well well well well well well you know um you know well um like. He's gay. Oh my oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my my my my my my my my my oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off you know you you you you you you you you you know well you know so um well well as a disaster sweet peas fucking Violet and and and and and and and and and I am actually kind of scared of uh I mean I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay like him. I love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a a a a a a a a a parakeet well you know well uh uh well okay so. He's a he's a a a a a a a a a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a little little little little little little little little little he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very he's very he's very he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's very he's very he's very he's very he's very he's very tiny his well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean um uh like well little arthritic feet and he's mad like like like like like like like like like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior Communications well well okay well okay you know um uh officer with the the the the the the the the the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia I mean okay like like like like like like like like like well you know okay I mean so. And this and this and this and and and and and and and and and this and this and this and this and this and this is part of of of of of of of of of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims like so well you know well well well well well well well well well so I mean I mean to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or or or or or or or or or HIPAA to the everyday work of okay uh uh um um um um you know know know know know know know know know the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in in in in in in in in in you know um so like well okay well um this province. We want organizations to to to to to to to to to think more about the sheer volume of personal information uh okay so so uh I mean you you you you you you you you you know well. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how well well well well well well well well well um um you know I mean so well you know our office can can can can can can can can can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust well uh um um um um um um um um um um you know like like um. Today, we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast so so so so so so so so so um okay okay okay um well I mean. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was was was was was was was was was little Foo Fighters. We had go in so um I mean okay um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well uh like okay uh because I was going over all the the the the the the the the the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and and and and and and and and and today I mean I mean um okay you know um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and and and and and and and and and we like um I mean um I mean okay I mean uh are recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today today today today today today today today today uh okay like okay uh uh well you know. So he is our special Valentine Valentine Valentine Valentine Valentine Valentine Valentine Valentine Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where to so you know okay you you you you you you you you you know uh uh like so find us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches bitches bitches bitches bitches bitches bitches bitches bitches podcast on. Look so like okay okay uh you know I mean uh at at at at at at at at at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitchescom like you you you you you you you you you know you know well well uh okay like. Go ahead leave us a 5-star 5-star 5-star 5-star 5-star 5-star 5-star 5-star 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave so I mean okay you know uh okay well well well well well well well well well you know that review and if you have nothing nice to say as your mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother said don't so uh okay well I mean I mean like well say it at at at at at at at at at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the well so you you you you you you you you you know so uh um uh okay day? Well, I well, I well, I well, I I I I I I I I I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the the the the the the the the the Bachelors the Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn when Rachel Lindsay so okay uh like I mean I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading okay like well um so you know uh okay shockingly racist DMS that I I I I I I I I I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like like uh okay both fans of the show and alumni are mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed mixed on its inclusion on I mean like you know um you know like okay um um um um um um um um um Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its its its its its its its its its okay so well so okay so uh I mean cake and eat it too too too too too too too too too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username I mean um uh um um um um um um um um um okay uh okay okay saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for for for for for for for for for bullying and the um you know like like well like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show show show show show show show show show okay I mean well you know well okay um so Runners are producers take any any any any any any any any any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um like okay I mean you know so show is specifically designed and run around the the the the the the the the the notion of having a villain. You can't you can't you can't you can't you can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you know like you know you know like like like like like like like like like um uh um guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every every every every every every every every every single season there will be well um uh you know so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean I mean like like uh you know to encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um you know know know know know know know know know I mean um um so like I mean Todd FM to get started on on on on on on on on on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know uh uh well not know, you know publishing podcast was was was was was was was was was so easy. If I had only known so um um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay well it like five ten years before early because all I need need need need need need need need need to do is so um so um I mean like I mean like download the the the the the the the the the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and uh I I I I I I I I I mean uh so so well like uh anchor will do all the job for me. It It It It It It It It It will publish it in all the well you know um like well um so so so so so so so so so like major podcast sides. You know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know apps that are available and and and and and and and and and I do not need to so so I mean so you know so uh you you you you you you you you you know do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to to to to to to to to to make use of I mean like um I mean well um um okay it it it it it it it it it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so you know well you know feel that needs to reach out out out out out out out out out to the world or simply want to post you know well well uh you know know know know know know know know know um you know like something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to my uh like okay you know like like so I mean shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines uh like uh well okay well like you know week on Choppers. Every day we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history a okay uh like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay um heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for for for for for for for for for their bravery and well well okay you know uh well um you know achievements. But But But But But But But But But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first our first our first our first our first first first first first first first first first our first our first our first our first heroic woman so like you know well well well well well well well well well um well you know okay lived a long long time ago in ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient China. Her name was Empress um you know okay so you know so I mean you know know know know know know know know know Shilling. She and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another you you you you you you you you you know okay so okay you know you know okay like way of saying a a a a a a a a a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled you know like um like like like like like like like like like I mean like you know um over ancient China with her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her her her her her her her her her own bra you know so I mean I mean okay like okay so the the the the the the the the the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in a a a a a a a a a so so you know like you know like like well questionable admission. If you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty Gale you know like you know know know know know know know know know uh you know you know um so Brown and want to hear more like like like like like like like like like it check out our series unsolved murders okay uh uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know okay I mean you know every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and and and and and and and and and dig deeper into Some of uh like uh so so I mean so so so so so so so so so well history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you you you you you you you you you listen to podcasts I mean you know you know like um you know so um. Due to to to to to to to to to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so well uh um you know um includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and and and and and and and and and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy Thomas real real real real real real real real real um you know like like like you know I mean uh Stone from from from from from from from from from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was pretty good. Actually Actually Actually Actually Actually Actually Actually Actually Actually you know uh you know okay uh so so um. Yeah, that was pretty good. It It It It It It It It It was pretty good history of New Zealand podcast you know well um you you you you you you you you you know I mean um um I mean. And so tell us a little bit about about about about about about about about about your projects and what you know um so well uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure. So so you know um like um you know so so Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean um like like okay um bloke behind the history of of of of of of of of of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much I mean so okay I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay um uh a does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we we we we we we we we we explore um so like well I mean so well you know how the chakra system system system system system system system system system can help you change your mind to change your body uh okay like you know well well well well well well well well well like I mean I mean to change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am am am am am am am am am doing great. It's kind well um well you know so um so okay of of of of of of of of of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday okay um um um um um um um um um so um well uh uh okay because I've been traveling a little bit and now now now now now now now now now I'm confused as to what okay okay I mean well well okay uh so day it it it it it it it it it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know like so so okay that ever happen to you? you you you you you you you you I think it's so funny. You know like you think well well okay you you you you you you you you you know well well like I mean like all day. It's Tuesday and then then then then then then then then then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's so well okay okay um um um um um um um um um you know well well just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have have have have have have have have have Chris with well you know well so you know like um um you today today today today today today today today today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through okay um I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh okay um so the offseason and that we're definitely starting with with with with with with with with with a very very good special on well well you know uh like um I I I I I I I I I mean um first off. So we all like to get a bit of an an an an an an an an an insight into so well I mean like uh like okay well the franchise and and and and and and and and and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans like like you you you you you you you you you know um I mean um um you know and those fans who obviously had had had had had had had had had attended the games in the City of Angels so so I mean so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says says says says says says says says says. Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and and and and and and and and and ladies and ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my my my my my my my my my firm okay well like um okay uh okay so or see my portfolio head on on on on on on on on on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan of you know uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh uh you know Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in in in in in in in in in the office all day long as you might um well like well okay um like like like like like like like like like you know know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including including including including including including including including including the one you're you know so um so like well you know um listening to to to to to to to to to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and uh well well well well well well well well well you know so well I mean so I mean podcasts in one place for for for for for for for for for free. You can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can you can you can follow your favorite podcast. So you like okay um well well well well well well well well well um I mean like well never miss an episode premium users can can can can can can can can can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are well so um um um um um um um um um um so like I mean I mean easily share what you're listening to with your your your your your your your your your friends on Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure well um like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh uh to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on Spotify or so you know well like so um you know um browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me okay um so well well well well well well well well well okay okay uh so. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Albans Albans Albans Albans Albans Albans Albans Albans Steve firstly um um um you know like you know uh like with a point against against against against against against against against against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the um so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh like okay mood in the camp must be a a a a a a a a a good one. Yeah to yeah to yeah to yeah to yeah to yeah to yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah to yeah to yeah to be fair. It's been uh okay well um well well well well well well well well well well okay so good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew it uh so um you know so okay okay um was going to be be be be be be be be be a bit like that. But until we sort of you know you know I mean you you you you you you you you you know you know uh you know well broken down loss or often our second half half half half half half half half half Clayton delightful football and the goals okay you know well so uh so I I I I I I I I I mean um were very very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that that that that that that that that that. They plan they plan they plan they plan they plan they plan they plan they plan they they they they they they they they they plan I mean like well like um like I mean okay to you tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um well you know so like K JP will get better the the the the the the the the the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other the other the other the other the other the other the the the the the the the the the other the other the other night after the show, I was talking to some some some some some some some some some some girls that were friends um um uh like um so like like and they they they they they they they they they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how we so like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay uh you know do it how we get it out there how we we we we we we we we we record it. And you know, thankfully uh you know well uh like you know so so so so so so so so so so I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have had when when when when when when when when when uh well so um I mean um well so we first started out this would would would would would would would would would have been way way easier and it's much so okay I mean I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by by by by by by by by by far the easiest okay like um well like so uh like way to to to to to to to to to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In one place like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well uh well I mean like so you don't have to get Pro Tools or or or or or or or or or any fancy recording equipment or well like so I mean uh like like um anything and and and and and and and and and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your phone you know so so so so so so so so so okay like well like uh like right there free. It's free. It's free. So it it it it it it it it it gives you all the creation tools you know so okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um well. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you you you you you you you you you know, if okay okay um well uh um you know I mean we didn't have have have have have have have have have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean well well well like way to make a podcast. It's free free free free free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record well uh uh so uh okay like so and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for uh you know okay you know I mean I mean you know I I I I I I I I I mean you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can can can can can can can can can I mean well uh you know so so um I mean make money from your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to you know well um um um um um um um um um um like like you know you know make a podcast in one place download the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor like I mean you know okay well um um um um um um um um um well like dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson. Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back podcast back podcast back podcast back podcast back podcast back podcast back podcast back back back back back back back back back podcast back podcast it's the okay okay I mean okay um well well well well well well well well well well uh Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, you know that his his his his his his his his his magic well uh uh okay uh so uh like post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are are are are are are are are are how are how are how are how are how are how are how are how how how how how how how how how are you I mean you know um I mean like well well you know know know know know know know know know doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story story story story story story story story story and you know I mean okay I mean well so I mean uh I love love love love love love love love love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank yeah, thank yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, thank yeah, thank yeah, thank yeah, thank yeah, thank yeah, thank yeah, thank okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know okay I mean well I mean I mean you. I'm so so so so so so so so so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue and you so so so so so so so so so okay well well you know like I mean okay know, I love listening so far far far far far far far far far and I can't wait to continue to follow along okay so um like you know well well well well well well well well well you know I mean in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many many many many many many many many many times we have such great uh so well uh well well so so conversations and and and and and and and and and we talk in depth about how you got to where you are and and and and and and and and and what um uh so like well so like you know drives you and what motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates you and all those sorts of things. I think is well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay like like well so important to share and I've had great conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations with a lot of I mean well uh uh I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of Steel media media media media media media media media media um I mean so uh so you know uh I mean marks the boundary boundary boundary boundary boundary boundary boundary boundary boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect to die I mean um um um um um um um um um um you know you know um uh like out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish wish wish wish wish wish wish wish wish I'd asked for more money D20 uh so um like so you know well well well well well well well well well well radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys like like like like like like like like like okay like you know okay uh you know like and girls to Squad tactical tactical tactical tactical tactical tactical tactical tactical tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun well you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um um like episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by by by by by by by by by our well you know um like okay you know so okay app to help companies companies companies companies companies companies companies companies companies get control of their email for this episode really so I mean um like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean excited to have one of our one of the biggest names in in in in in in in in in construction Judith, please so so okay okay I mean like like so introduce yourself. Thank you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh I mean well so so. One of the biggest names in construction. I think think think think think think think think think my name is probably used a so so I mean so like so so um lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm um like like like like like like like like like um you know like okay um so Judith Hackett. I chaired the the the the the the the the the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety like so uh um um um um um um um um um okay so like I mean in the wake of the Granville fire disaster, but but but but but but but but but really looking at the way I mean I mean you know well well well well well well well well well uh I mean uh so that regulations themselves had allowed such poor practice to creep creep creep creep creep creep creep creep creep into the whole of I mean well you know you know okay well well I I I I I I I I I mean the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to to to to to to to to to well so so uh um I mean okay uh be doing this. I mean decent decent decent decent decent decent decent decent decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's uh um uh uh like uh okay um a a a a a a a a a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers subscribers subscribers subscribers subscribers subscribers subscribers subscribers subscribers like I mean okay uh like well well uh. So if you are a subscriber subscriber subscriber subscriber subscriber subscriber subscriber subscriber subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like um like uh so so uh so um um um um um um um um um you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to to to to to to to to to first and uh I mean I mean uh okay so uh um foremost say say say say say say say say say a big thank you to look for a line it to be I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um so well so uh you know possible if you haven't Started checking out out out out out out out out out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff you know uh okay um well well well well well well well well well um like like in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need to to to to to to to to to spell okay okay well like like well like I mean out to you why why why why why why why why why you need to start listening to that YouTube content come on now well I I I I I I I I I mean well so okay um um I mean but away from all of of of of of of of of of that as you look normal. I wouldn't say well you know you know um um um um um um um um um like okay okay uh a lots happened in football, but a lot has happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened. You've seen you've seen you've seen you've seen you've seen you've seen you've seen you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've seen you've seen key caucus like you know well like I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a fine. I believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I I I I I I I I I believe okay I mean um well um like well okay due to allegedly calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital HR leaders you know okay um um like so like like podcast. HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't hR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's um you you you you you you you you you know like um so I mean so well simply has to put another way way way way way way way way way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater business so okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay so I mean value. This episode is a break from our usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual format. It features it features it features it features it features it features it features it it it it it it it it it features it features a panel you know you know well so uh okay you you you you you you you you you know so discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of like like like like like like like like like like um like you know I mean well uh work conference in San Francisco. The The The The The The The The The discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the the the the the the the the the discussion the discussion was titled HR skills of the future and well you know so um um um um um um um um um so I mean well well how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on on on on on on on on on people analytics at UC Berkeley um you know so well okay I mean you you you you you you you you you know well having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy analytics learning and operations like you know well I mean like well um like of judicial RJ RJ RJ RJ RJ RJ RJ RJ RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like so I mean um so is a previous guest on the show show show show show show show show show Andy and Bailey managing director of my like okay okay well like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control control control control control control control control control. Per se so like well uh okay um you know like taking control of our emotions, emotions, emotions, emotions, emotions, emotions, emotions, emotions, emotions, but the big question is how do we take control okay uh like like like like like like like like like okay well I mean so okay of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that that that that that that that that that can kick like well I mean um well okay um I mean you down down down down down down down down down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right you know well well well well well well well well well I mean um so well you know uh now. And that's your physiology and and and and and and and and and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It um um okay uh um um um um um um um um um so I mean like is the branch of the biology that deals with the the the the the the the the the normal functions of well you know so well so well I mean so a living living living living living living living living living organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to well well you you you you you you you you you know um I mean like so well be talking about is how refers to your emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions and how it is an okay like okay so um well uh so extension of of of of of of of of of You feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We um so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um well so have happiness sadness anger and fear which and there are are are are are are are are are others of course, but those uh okay I mean I mean I mean like like so are are are are are are are are are kind of the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like like well well um mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the so the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the so the so the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we we we we we we we we we have our first so well uh well um okay you know so sponsor. Our first first first first first first first first first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I so I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I well you know um well so so okay um use stencil plus with my my my my my my my my my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst other custom like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know okay um I mean logos and different things for me as well. They They They They They They They They They have the lowest price guaranteed well okay like well well you know I I I I I I I I I mean so guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You You You You You You You You You can have a free company you know uh like you know like okay I I I I I I I I I mean you know logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Social Social Social Social Social Social Social Social Media stuff going on I mean okay so um so uh well okay there always always always always always always always always always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they can um okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh okay so create anything if they don't have it already. So if you you you you you you you you you have something very custom like so uh I mean well well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you want made they will work with you and they listen to so like like like like like like like like like I mean well I mean like I mean you know their customers needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the so so so so so so so so so the so the so the so the so the so the so the so the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 coming your okay okay okay you know so you know um you know way. And And And And And And And And And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat so okay uh uh um um um um um um um um um so um like and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all all all all all all all all all did too and uh so so okay uh okay uh well usurping, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but you you you you you you you you you know like um uh I mean I mean okay so we're we're good good good good good good good good good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do this because uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well so so so you know uh I love the band. Of talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking to the bonds and having a chat with them uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean so um um okay and seeing how to do see if if if if if if if if if we are kind of similar in any like uh uh so uh uh so so so so so so so so so well way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome um um um um um um um um um like so so you know I mean you know so. So thanks so thanks so thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks for that. So So So So So So So So So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have we have we have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking okay well I mean so um I mean you know I mean about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about I I I I I I I I I mean um well so so well like well anchor is the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let me let me let me explain it's free I mean well you know like like like like like like like like like I mean like okay I mean their creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from so um uh well you know I mean you you you you you you you you you know well your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you you you you you you you you you can be you know I mean um uh you know um well so heard on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your um uh so so so so so so so so so okay like you know okay like podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one I mean uh okay so you you you you you you you you you know I mean um well place. So download the free acre app or go to to to to to to to to to Anchored ifm to get I mean okay I mean I mean well like like like like like like like like like um so started. Hey, do you want to join in on the excitement Live join join join join join join join join join me every Tuesday like like well like okay I mean you know like night night night night night night night night night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it like well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know um well uh check out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This like okay like uh uh uh um um um um um um um um um you know is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying buying buying buying buying buying buying buying buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before but before but before but before but before but before but before before before before before before before before before but before but before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to to to to to to to to to our like I mean well uh um um I mean like sponsors the ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor I mean um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh okay anchor is basically this free podcasting app that allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to edit upload and create like like I mean so well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know your own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor basically anchor basically anchor basically anchor basically anchor basically anchor basically anchor basically anchor basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically handles all the distribution. So well um well so okay okay um okay basically once once once once once once once once once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to so you know um I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay well like a playlist to Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly instantly instantly instantly instantly instantly instantly instantly instantly be everywhere at once you upload you know so I mean okay like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um it to Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I I I I I I I I I have like uh I mean like so I mean okay okay to say, which which which which which which which which which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so uh um like um okay ever say, so there's a surprise but but but but but but but but but I'm glad that everyone is on well I mean okay well so you you you you you you you you you know well well board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey Journey that we um well you know I mean uh well so uh are going going going going going going going going going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and you know know know know know know know know know I mean uh like okay well okay I mean like note books and stationery stationery stationery stationery stationery stationery stationery stationery stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of you know uh um you know know know know know know know know know well uh like I mean how I want it to pan out whether or or or or or or or or or not it pans out like that okay okay so so so I mean you know know know know know know know know know you know is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So So So So So So So So So we shall see uh uh so so okay so uh well but I want want want want want want want want want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know so I mean I mean okay. If you're driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge okay um um um um um um um um um okay I mean so okay um like Ford in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, um like um like um okay uh um March March March March March March March March March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little um I I I I I I I I I mean like okay well um like uh pregame combo for you Michael. We We We We We We We We We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs I mean so okay so like like like like like like like like like well I mean okay loss in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had had had had had had had had had won three in a row I mean so you know you know well uh I I I I I I I I I mean well prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does does does does does does does does does but you have to sort I mean um okay um okay you know well well well well well well well well well okay of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that you you you you you you you you you know um you know okay well I mean you know okay we're key games against against against against against against against against against teams that were at least on par with them Florida I mean um um um um um um um um um well like so um um like a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of of of of of of of of of them in the Atlantic division and so so okay okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in in in in in in in in in the Western Conference. They come well like you know uh like okay uh well up against the the the the the the the the the team and they play three teams on this west okay so like so like like like like like like like like like um uh you know coast swing that are out of it that are are are are are are are are are basically, you know, playing out okay you know like you know you know okay well well well well well well well well well uh the string and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and and and and and and and you know like like I mean um so you know like the topic of today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh you know like uh like Men. In other words. What are the things? What What What What What What What What What are the triggers? What are what are what are what are what are what what what what what what what what what are what are what are what are the things that I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know well like women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior is it that uh so like you know okay um okay okay they like like like like like like like like like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean like you know you know like well first things first that that that that that that that that that we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional beings okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like uh okay you know and their Even by their emotions and women want want want want want want want want want to be in a love okay okay um uh uh I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay story. They want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um you know okay okay so so grocery store and make eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a like so so like well well well well well well well well well I mean like like way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um well okay I mean um uh introduce our name? Not your name the name name name name name name name name name of our podcast. It's called speaking so uh so I mean I mean uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay for the bag. And the and the and the and the and the the the the the the the the the and the and the and the and the reason why we picked that name, I I I I I I I I I mean, it's you know well um you know so okay so okay pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we we we we we we we we we in our bag we in the bag we got uh um uh like okay um um um um um um um um um I mean uh the bags of cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the the the the the the the the the end goal is to make I mean like I mean so I mean well well well well well well well well well well I mean money off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm doing I'm doing uh like so I mean like okay okay like this for my my my my my my my my my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy uh so like like like like like like like like like um like okay well like with my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over over over over over over over over over here well okay well uh so I mean I mean you know is in in in in in in in in in it for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced so so so so so so so so so like well um I mean um so you know in this business. Honestly, I I I I I I I I I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I I I I I I I I I honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice of someone so okay so um well so I mean I mean stealing bed bed bed bed bed bed bed bed bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes or like I I I I I I I I I mean okay so so like well well no after my nap. What do you you you you you you you you you mean if you're an app you just woke uh uh uh you know so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean like up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to to to to to to to to to get her ready and that's it uh uh okay um so so like like. Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but we don't um okay I I I I I I I I I mean you know well um um um use the position where you're going. Wait the the the the the the the the the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, but most you know like okay I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on my head head head head head head head head head. Here we so um okay like okay like um I mean go. We all we all all all all all all all all all we all we all we all we all we all we all we all all all all all all all all all live I welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast um so so so so so so so so so well like so uh like okay. This is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your your your your your your your your your host the um okay like like so like well okay man taking your health health health health health health health health health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're so well well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well uh going to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold shower. This is you know uh okay okay I mean um I mean well well well well well well well well well really about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a well well well well well well well well well you know I mean you know uh uh uh uh crowd chamber for just a a a a a a a a a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold um okay like so so so so so so so so so uh like well like to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this this this this this this this this this concept is really um you know so I mean uh um so well based on this this this this this this this this this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation you know like like like like like like like like like you know well okay well well so where you're adding a low dose dress or or or or or or or or or a moderate amount of stress to like okay I mean I mean um like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh create a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create like so so so so so so so so so okay uh you know you know um like this effect. This is called hormetic effect, effect, effect, effect, effect, effect, effect, effect, effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's well like I mean I mean so you you you you you you you you you know well I mean been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how look how look how look how look how look how look how look look look look look look look look look how look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan okay um well you know you know I mean like I mean analysis podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities like well well well well well well well well well well so like you know like like. Please remember to support the release of of of of of of of of of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free you know okay um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know you know to read along with us. If you have have have have have have have have have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or well um I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like um disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have have have have have have have have have free audio transcriptions for you know um you know you know well uh you you you you you you you you you know well this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read Read Read Read Read Read Read Read Read instead of you know you know so um like so uh well listen both Elizabeth's Elizabeth's Elizabeth's Elizabeth's Elizabeth's Elizabeth's Elizabeth's Elizabeth's Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to so okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean you know I mean have some opinions about the construction of of of of of of of of of the story. These opinions these opinions these opinions these opinions these opinions these opinions these these these these these these these these these opinions these opinions these opinions may be different from uh okay you know well I I I I I I I I I mean um okay I mean yours, but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This This This This This This This This This show is well you know you know you know I mean so you know know know know know know know know know so not safe for work. And if and if and if and if and if if if if if if if if if and if and if and if and if you're a minor we ask that you I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean um like uh um okay wait to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen until you were old enough to be shipped off of so you know okay well well well well well well well well well uh you know like so alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um okay uh well you know podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking well like you know you you you you you you you you you know um you know okay okay about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club club club club club club club club club. She don't know me um I mean like okay so um um um um um um um um um um um. You don't know me as your own cloud. She might say this for uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay like okay uh you know so the cloud money days we could could could could could could could could could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we um so okay okay um like um um um um um um um um um so have done for sure. He is he is he is he is he he he he he he he he he is he is he is he is he is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know um like you know you know uh start brushing on the the the the the the the the the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside well um like like like like like like like like like uh like well I mean you know the outside image showing sides of each tube, tube, tube, tube, tube, tube, tube, tube, tube, please. It's heroines week where every day well okay I mean well okay well well well well well well well well well so uh we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about I mean you know well uh um I mean I mean okay an an an an an an an an an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but but but but but but but but but we're uh uh you know so like you know uh okay actually talking about about about about about about about about about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon you know um well I mean okay uh uh um was a runner from a a a a a a a a a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a super talented athlete um um um um you you you you you you you you you know um okay um and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned well well well well um I mean so uh on the news the voice of anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most um I mean well like well I I I I I I I I I mean um you know legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on on on on on on on on on the surface of the Moon the Apollo well so like well um well you know know know know know know know know know um 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had had had had had had had had had a built-in I mean like uh uh I mean you know you know well Custom-made camera transferring transferring transferring transferring transferring transferring transferring transferring transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three you know you you you you you you you you you know like I mean I mean um you know well different Studios one in California California California California California California California California California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over uh like well uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up up up up up up up up up the okay I mean like so I mean okay okay so tapes for safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are are are you are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to to to to to to to to to so um uh so so okay uh well you by anchor anchor is a One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing like um like I mean um uh um so your your your your your your your your your podcast. Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously it's ridiculously it's ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously it's ridiculously it's ridiculously it's ridiculously it's ridiculously it's ridiculously it's ridiculously easy to use well well well well well well well well well like okay uh you know you know you know okay now anger can can can can can can can can can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so okay well I mean on your podcast. That means you can can can can can can can can can get paid to podcasts right away I mean um um so well uh like um. In fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, that's what I'm doing right now by reading sad I said it like like like like like like like like like um well so like okay you know well before but you know, we love love love love love love love love love using incre you can hit record start talking you know um so well you you you you you you you you you know you know you know like. It stopped save the audio. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's very easy to you know, Trim the starting and like well I mean so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean like end points if you want to cut out some, you you you you you you you you you know dead are very easy to do well so you know so like well you you you you you you you you you know well that as well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start start start start start start start start start a podcast and like uh I mean um well um like uh make money doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well um okay um like I mean start Let's Roll whole ruin the the the the the the the the the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to to to to to to to to to all year. So in so in so in so in so in so in so in so in so in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all all all all all all all all all right, all right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And And And And And And And And And guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess what we I mean like I mean so so like okay um host our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking to host your so so so so so so so so so so okay you know I mean uh well uh own podcast. This is the easiest free free free free free free free free free way to get started this got a you know you know so um well well well well well well well well well like um so Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right right right right right right right right right from a phone you know I mean uh uh I mean you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there there there there there there there there there too okay like um like I mean you know like you know. They'll also help help help help help help help help help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you well so so so so so so so so so like you know like like like well know want to mess with with with with with with with with with that. They got they got they got they got they got they got got got got got got got got got they got they got they got you covered and get it right on like like like like like like like like like you know I mean okay um um like um a Spotify and apple podcast as well well well well well well well well well as any other place podcast or founds I mean okay um so um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash for for for for for for for for for uh uh like well you know um so um sharing your great content with with with with with with with with with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all in like well like like like like like like like like like so you know uh um like one individual place. So, you know what head over over over over over over over over over to your app store download the I mean so like uh um uh I I I I I I I I I mean well anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're ready to launch I mean well like like uh like so so your podcast and and and and and and and and and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek. This is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is um well you know you know well like like like wien amazing amount. You're listening to to to to to to to to to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan donphan donphan donphan donphan donphan donphan donphan donphan so I mean okay uh so well well um or smooth AKA Tanner green green green green green green green green green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said well I mean so well um I I I I I I I I I mean like so is your actual name. Do you remember what the actual name name name name name name name name name of that? um like um like um like um like um like um like um um um um um um um um um like um like um like like uh I mean like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Pokemon is ho ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut Supercut Supercut Supercut Supercut Supercut Supercut Supercut Supercut so uh like I mean so uh like okay of how many different names you called called called called called called called called called ho over the course of the season because um you know um I mean well well well well well well well well well uh so okay there's been at least ho ho ho Joe. I think I think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think you you you you you you you you you had JoJo maybe at uh uh you know uh so I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh one point now, I'll remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that like like like like like like like like like like well I mean uh you know okay uh will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening you're listening you're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of of of of of of of of of podcast Network. Join um join um join um join um join um join um um um um um um um um um join um join um join um okay uh so uh like uh well Rabbi Ami as as as as as as as as as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice and well you know like like like like like like like like like like um so you know um guides us on a path of healing transformation an an an an an an an an an Awakening to experiencing the divine you know well like I mean uh um well well well well well well well well well well. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's um well uh okay well like well I mean very close to my heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart. It's based it's based it's based it's based it's based it's based it's based it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's based it's based on a mission of that says that like so okay um um um um um um um um um um you know you know okay if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo yo-yo t9m means you were kind uh um you know like um uh I mean like of of of of of of of of of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second second second second second second second second second to talk about um uh well like you know well so I mean anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make so um um um um um um um um um so um um you know you know uh a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free free free free free free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to like well um well uh so so so so so so so so so so uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will will will will will will will will will distribute your uh so well you know I mean well you know so so so so so so so so so podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and um um um um um um um um um so uh well I mean okay okay well many more you can make money from from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's so um like okay well okay you you you you you you you you you know so everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the the the the the the the the the free anchor you know you know uh I mean you know I mean so so so so so so so so so you know app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started started started started started started started started started. First act first act first act first act first act first act first act first act first act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on today on today on today on today on today on today today today today today today today today today on today on today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories to so you know you know okay well so you know I mean take care care care care care care care care care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay okay you know I mean you know some She-Hulk rumors some Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're so you know okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's just call it a um okay um so you know like like you know rumor rumor rumor rumor rumor rumor rumor rumor rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring movie well uh like so so well so well discussion news and interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview. We talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we we we we we we we we we talk we talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel like I mean okay well well well well well well well well well okay like well so movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios Studios. Welcome our welcome our welcome our welcome our welcome our welcome our welcome our our our our our our our our our welcome our welcome our I mean so um I mean so so like so movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one one one one one one one one one like well uh um you know like um um later. Yeah, we yeah, we we we we we we we we we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we we we we we we we we we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all all all all all all all all all about spiritual and psychic like uh I mean I mean okay uh you know know know know know know know know know uh Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D divide divide divide divide divide divide divide divide divide D Consciousness the well well uh I mean you know I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the akashic records um um um um um um um um um well well I mean you know like you know so all. All the things I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so glad that you're here with me today. I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I I I I I I I I I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so so okay you so very much. All right, let's get get get get get get get get get into it. Hey beautiful being welcome back okay well so well okay you know okay um um um um um um um um um to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much for being um um um um um um um um um I mean so well okay I mean okay I mean here with me today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really excited to have you before we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh I mean um okay so influential wedding brand. Hello and welcome to to to to to to to to to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but so I mean well like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean today it's me back is run out of ways to to to to to to to to to introduce we can just like well um so um okay uh you know talk to yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well okay um well uh so welcome. Honestly, we are spoiling you you you you you you you you you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had like you know like like like like like like like like like like um um so well a break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're talking about how to plan uh I mean okay you know uh you know like like like like like like like like like well a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover so I mean you know well like so like okay off planning a wedding when when when when when when when when when you've got small children and a some elements of so so like like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are are are are are are are are are recording I mean well like well well uh I mean uh from the Bethke home home home home home home home home home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we will you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay uh you know well like share on this podcast intro song says that that that that that that that that that that that you're good. It's the intro well uh um like well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um song inches on the addressing. It's the it's the it's the it's the the the the the the the the the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the intro song intro song We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're not in like okay you know I mean uh um like uh our our our our our our our our our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome you know uh uh I mean uh like you know I mean. Thank you you you you you you you you you for listening. So thankful so thankful so thankful so thankful so thankful so so so so so so so so so thankful so thankful so thankful so thankful that you make us a part of of of of of of of of of your I mean so you know uh um so I mean so week. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so so I I I I I I I I I mean well so like like I mean uh but me because my heart is is is is is is is is is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's like well well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean uh gonna be a little different. I might I might I might might might might might might might might might I might I might I might I might I might I might sound a little little little little little little little little little different Brooks coffin I mean you know uh um you know well well so into into into into into into into into into the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to to to to to to to to to man Booth so um okay I mean you know uh okay um today on on on on on on on on on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th or reminder like well well well well well well well well well um okay uh I mean you know like to everybody. We will be having another another another another another another another another another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And as we uh well well like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean go through the spring, there's going to be a break again again again again again again again again again after that first okay um okay you know like you know well you know know know know know know know know know practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit as well well well well well well well well well so like uh you know like okay you know many podcasts as we can. Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take a relief following practices that are open to uh I mean I mean uh um um um um um um um um um uh I mean okay the media how many we have Tim we we we we we we we we we have five open by Focus and uh like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um uh the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's yeah, there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's and and and and and and and and and in the new like I mean okay uh you know you know um okay facility, facility, facility, facility, facility, facility, facility, facility, facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think I think I I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think I think we we we we we we we we we well like like like um so um you know mentioned that last podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like uh so okay um to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can can can can can can can can can do a little okay I mean so so I mean like uh well bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football football football football football football football football football fans. Favorite I mean um you know well uh uh I mean uh pastime will will will will will will will will will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end there there there there there there there there there okay okay uh um uh uh like you know invincibles hope and revealing our team's team's team's team's team's team's team's team's team's the game week 29 joining us this I mean okay uh okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like week for the second time. This season this season this season this season season season season season season season season season this season this season this season this season this season is gold head of news news news news news news news news news and I mean I mean uh um okay okay you know uh features Peter Staunton. Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last Last time you came on your above Dave despite not you know I mean like uh you you you you you you you you you know like so uh touching your team since game week one. Yeah, how yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, how you faring now? Not well well like uh okay you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh very good. I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm about I'm about I'm about 3.7 million. In the world, which is still about about about about about about about about about half I mean well okay you know uh so um you know way. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Well, I think out of you know, all the people that so so so so so so so so so so so uh so you know um like are still interested. I used I used I I I I I I I I I used I used I used I used I used I used I used to interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not like well well like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well from from the fact you have a lot of players on your team you you you you you you you you you are like um so so well uh okay um playing. Well the problem there was was was was was was was was was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you you you you you you you you you guys. So you know well um um I mean like like well we just got got got got got got got got got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk about um you know um so so so so so so so so so um okay so you know a few things that we've been stumbling upon over over over over over over over over over the last few days since I mean uh um uh okay um well well well well well well well well well you know the finale and couple things we want to talk about about about about about about about about about before the reunions show you know well um uh uh okay uh okay just in case case case case case case case case case that It gets wild and we don't want to you like well so um like like like like like like like like like you know I mean you know know, take up too much time in the the the the the the the the the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is well you know I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so um swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I I I I I I I I I think now that they can I mean I mean you know so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain couples out there on the interview circuit well like so uh well I mean okay well well well well well well well well well and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about what we found out out out out out out out out out since the show so okay so so you know so like so and how how how how how how how how how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new the all-new the the the the the the the the the all-new the all-new the all-new the all-new the all-new the all-new the all-new Fierce Fierce Fierce Fierce Fierce Fierce Fierce Fierce Fierce family of fragrances uh you know I mean okay you know like you know like like like like like like like like like gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to to to to to to to to to Abercrombie.com and um okay like well uh well so you know click Fierce to to to to to to to to to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you I mean like okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well you know had they were they all came from church, you know, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and church was you I mean like uh so I mean you know you know I I I I I I I I I mean know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you you you you you you you you you know, the the okay I mean um you know uh uh well so death of of of of of of of of of the black church in the black community. E in the role that played so so so so so so so so so okay um like you know I mean um uh in the type of singers that that that that that that that that that you hear, you know, you don't really hear so I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well okay like like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but but but but but but but but but every now I mean like you know um uh so uh like and again probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely I mean like you you you you you you you you you know like uh well well well fantastic. It's like - that's the last sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but like okay okay you know well well well well well well well well well well um I mean just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those those those those those those those those those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom firecom. Where um well uh well uh I mean well you know we explore faith faith faith faith faith faith faith faith faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another so uh well well well well well well well well well uh uh so uh um installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks picks picks picks picks picks picks picks picks up or truth and fire the well so so like like like like like like like like like like like like so block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the ER ER ER ER ER ER ER ER ER ite uh uh you know I mean uh well well okay etfe you on on on on on on on on on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on uh you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know so you know your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness um um uh uh you know like like like like like like like like like you know um and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get get get get get get get get get back on I mean uh uh so I mean like okay well track or to to to to to to to to to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we you know I mean I I I I I I I I I mean well okay uh um I mean return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before hey before hey before hey before hey before hey before hey before hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey before hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um you know um so the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that that that that that that that that that we need the wisdom of a mentor to well I mean like okay so so so so so so so so so um well so help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, yet, yet, yet, yet, yet, yet, yet, yet, too often finding like so so okay well uh okay I mean that person. We We We We We We We We We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like um like like find them then on the other side of of of of of of of of of the world or is too expensive or um you know um I mean um um um um um um um um um well I mean I mean they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people people people people people people people people people now for over 30 years in you know uh um well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year year year year year year year year year. I've been thinking a lot about um you know you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um how I can mentor more people how I can can can can can can can can can help more people. So I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I like so uh you know uh like well well well well well well well well well you know have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be be be be be be be be be able to like uh okay uh um I mean you know um join me live for for for for for for for for for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can ask me questions anything you I I I I I I I I I mean so well you know uh uh like uh like whatever you are in the world world world world world world world world world for a fraction of the cost that okay like uh um well like uh well well well well well well well well well this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh uh so so you know um and on behalf of everyone here at the the the the the the the the the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading uh like you know well you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh and listening to our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free free free free free free free free free to well well well um I mean okay like I mean rate and review the the the the the the the the the podcast. Woo Pig woo Pig woo Pig woo Pig woo Pig woo Pig woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo Pig woo Pig woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? well well well well well well well well well you know well well like okay um okay Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband so so so so so so so so so well so I mean well so uh like here with my friend and clever clever clever clever clever clever clever clever clever te and Gordon today. We will be um so uh so uh you you you you you you you you you know uh so discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before 10:59 before 10:59 before 10:59 before 10:59 10:59 10:59 10:59 10:59 10:59 10:59 10:59 10:59 before 10:59 before 10:59 before 10:59 before 10:59 before we get started on today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's death. I just want to okay okay so well um um um I mean share share share share share share share share share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked so um um um um um um um um um like like you know so well so at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone who's been learning along with okay you know um well you know you you you you you you you you you know like uh us over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are are are are are are are are are interested in uh uh well you know I mean like so I mean sharing a a a a a a a a a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that that that that that that that that that um like you know you know I mean you know well um we've learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group I mean okay you you you you you you you you you know you know um okay I mean okay our email. You can you can you can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your well well um um well um so I mean host Simon and in today's episode. This This This This This This This This This is the audio version of video that like so like so so like like like like like like like like like like okay we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you you you you you you you you you like this show, I mean well okay okay like so so so please do consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would be awesome you you you you you you you you you know you know like um I mean um like so and let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 internet. And And And And And And And And And in um I mean I mean you know okay well okay um the video video video video video video video video video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy bungles on the 21st well you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean so uh I mean uh of July 1973 1973 1973 1973 1973 1973 1973 1973 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking well okay like like like like like like like like like like well well I mean like revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli Israeli athletes. The hapless the hapless the hapless the hapless the hapless the hapless the hapless hapless hapless hapless hapless hapless hapless hapless hapless the hapless the hapless victim was like uh um okay you know like okay so so so so so so so so so innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And the murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder murder was just you know uh okay well um you know okay um another blunder by a a a a a a a a a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there I I I I I I I I I mean so okay so okay so so I mean have been some egregious Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like I mean like like of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get get get get get get get get get into the list. I will say that like like um well uh like okay like like like like like like like like like this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go go go go go go go go go so go so go so go so go so go so go so go so go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role which role which role which role which role which role which which which which which which which which which role which role which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He He He He He He He He He also hosts the long-running super okay okay you know uh you know like like like like like like like like like you know well interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension extension extension extension extension extension extension extension extension crises, alcoholism and ambition uh like like well so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is is is is is is is is is thanks so much so okay okay so like well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached out out out out out out out out out to me Heidi uh so you know like you know um okay I I I I I I I I I mean. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years. So I've been looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking like you know I mean I mean uh um um like forward to this for for for for for for for for for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child um um um um um um um um um you know well you know so so okay like sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal uh like uh uh uh okay well well well well well well well well well like of a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if if if if if if if if if I mean uh like well like well okay I mean they married their victims in response response response response response response response response response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in so um so so so so so so so so so you know well uh well okay January 2020 the government announced plans for a a a a a a a a a similar new bill to be like uh you know like so uh like okay introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls for the so um well I mean um so like um government to address the enduring enduring enduring enduring enduring enduring enduring enduring enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges other challenges other challenges other other other other other other other other other challenges other challenges other challenges other challenges other challenges other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and uh um well uh okay you know I mean so I want to to to to to to to to to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far and well so uh um um um um um um um um um um so okay um want to touch another thing that I did last week week week week week week week week week. I made a mistake on the okay you know um well um like okay well well well well well well well well well Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put out and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh you know I mean well you know uh about be kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind and I notice when I listen back to it that I so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like like okay like so said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's not a big difference, but okay uh well you know um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set it it it it it it it it it right I mean like uh um uh like uh okay to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so okay I mean well you know so do do do do do do do do do the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know well like like for Hazel's birthday will do it for a a a a a a a a a week as birthday and we'll do you know so okay like uh you know know know know know know know know know I mean uh it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce Rica introduce Rica introduce Rica introduce Rica introduce Rica introduce Rica introduce Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica introduce Rica to a new listener dun like you know so well so um so so so so so so so so so okay dun dun. Let's say somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What What What What What What What What What if what if what if what if what if what if what if what what what what what what what what what if what if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big big big big big big big big big fat uh um so well I mean okay uh okay snare drum drum drum drum drum drum drum drum drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where we we we we we we we we we uh I mean I mean I mean so like so um discuss five things things things things things things things things things to avoid when working on a session for an artist Dan is um you know um um um um um um um um um um okay like uh um a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father Father Father Father Father Father Father Father Father John Misty first aid kit like uh like I mean well I mean um I I I I I I I I I mean rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey method uh uh I mean I mean okay so um you know Parts one and two two two two two two two two two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange County in okay you know um um um um um um um um um like well so like I mean part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up up up up up up up up up tuning and ultimately recording a drum um I mean okay like like so like like like like like like like like like okay kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So you like well so like like like like like like like like like um like like I mean see exactly how he does it with no brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes brakes. It's amazing it's amazing it's amazing it's amazing it's amazing it's amazing it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's amazing it's amazing it's amazing part two Dives little well um I mean well so so so so so so so so so uh um um deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You You You You You You You You You can check those out I mean so I mean well you know um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check them I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh okay you know like uh okay out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is is is is is is is is is Terry deal I mean well um um so well like like. My name is is is is is is is is is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, uh well you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay well I mean well Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in in in in in in in in in if you don't know what vinho Verde I mean like um you know um um um um um um um um um like so um is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's worth. It's you know um you know I mean well um um okay always always always always always always always always always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well like like like you know But it's delicious. Yeah, and if if if if if if if if if there's no section for it, it's not like you can you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well um you know okay be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections sections sections sections sections sections sections sections sections like one bottle if you know well so you know um I mean like so um Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho that vinho that vinho that vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho that vinho that vinho that vinho that vinho that vinho Verde is green. Is it it it it it it it it it the greed wide section okay I mean uh um so like so like which is is is is is is is is is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which is why they you know know know know know know know know know you know um you know um I mean like okay don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend afriend you were listening to episode number number number number number number number number number three of dear past. Thank you okay you know I mean so um well I I I I I I I I I mean uh. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She She She She She She She She She joins me you know like um so like okay okay so to share her her her her her her her her her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so I mean you you you you you you you you you know so uh well uh I mean okay grateful for this opportunity to spend time time time time time time time time time with her and talk about her story and you know okay uh you know um um um um um um um um um um like so forty three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This This This This This This This This This girl was always like uh um well you know um I mean well smiling. She She She She She She She She She had the best sense of humor and was just so fun to be like so so so so so so so so so well um okay so um uh around even to this day. She is she is is is is is is is is is she is she is she is she is she is she is she she she she she she she she she is still full of life and so are um uh I mean uh you you you you you you you you you know uh um like her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for for for for for for for for for people and her love for Life so you know so so so so so so so so so so well I mean so well. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining joining episode 3 of um you know uh so um like uh so dear past. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know like um uh I mean I mean sitting down with actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor on my heart for a long time. You like you like you like you like you you you you you you you you you like you like you like you like you like um um well well well well well well well well well well well okay well know him from these various parts. Probably the first part part part part part part part part part you would um I mean like uh um I mean so you know Norm Norm Norm Norm Norm Norm Norm Norm Norm for is the power of methadone Mac on still game since then, okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay like um you know um he's been in a lots of things like like like like like like like like like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They um like okay um so um so so so so so so so so so okay dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And And And And And And And And And he's and he's and he's and he's and he's and he's and he's and he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's and he's uh okay well um like I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean a really good actor. He's a he's a he's a he's a he's a a a a a a a a a he's a he's a he's a he's a really good guy and he's got an an an an an an an an an immense talent. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey okay hey okay hey okay hey okay hey okay hey okay hey okay hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey okay hey okay okay well so so uh so like was that you're looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking at and y'all love this so much we had to okay I mean well well well well well well well well well so I mean so okay so you know, bring it back and do it again again again again again again again again again twice. That's what I'm you know well so you know you know you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine how entertaining will like um okay um um okay so like be when you are are are are are are are are are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with uh uh um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean okay uh Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark a Altman every okay uh so um so so well okay day on electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric. Now. How do how do how do how do how do how do do do do do do do do do how do how do how do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV um um um um um um um um um uh I mean okay well you know you know well Zumo TV and soon the the the the the the the the the electric now app and you just have to pick one well um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well um you know. You don't have to have all your not them all all all all all all all all all of them, but you know so okay so I mean well like I mean it it it it it it it it it helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like um well like um miss us as we bring you the the the the the the the the the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, I mean like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so um so this is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in in in in in in in in in the 4:30 movie uh so um you know well well okay like. And And And And And And And And And if you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um uh so you know you know book Nobody Does it it it it it it it it it Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania okay like so so so so so so so so so okay I mean so okay you know. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike you know well uh okay um well like you know Rankin. I will be your your your your your your your your your host this time around and boy. Do we have a you know uh I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean well I mean I mean special guest for you you you you you you you you you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can I mean um like like like like like like like like like so uh uh well okay follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's going on? I appreciate you jumping okay okay okay okay uh okay uh so in in in in in in in in in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox Sox so like uh okay so so so uh podcast. This is going to be weird for for for for for for for for for me because I don't normally do interviews. I so you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know like you know uh I mean normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw screw screw screw screw screw screw screw screw this up Mike. Appreciate so well um I mean I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the the the the the the the the the um well I mean uh so okay like okay basement right now where we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've been doing this now for almost two years and um well I mean well um um um um um um um um um um um you know it really is like a Grassroots thing that I I I I I I I I I didn't expect to get like I mean like well um I mean you know so so so so so so so so so as big as it's turned into and now we're you know, we got this live live live live live live live live live I mean uh I mean I mean okay you know you know so event event event event event event event event event of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be be be be be be be be be trying like like well I mean um uh like well out a live broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going to uh I mean well well well well well well well well well um so I mean um um be going to two shows a week instead of one and and and and and and and and and it just I mean I mean okay okay I mean so well okay it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss both okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well well okay um um uh the Hobby and business sides of collecting collecting collecting collecting collecting collecting collecting collecting collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and I well um I mean okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection collection you'll love I mean I mean um I mean well uh uh like. Hello everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay you know uh um like uh to ask you a question question question question question question question question question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really no really no really no really no really really really really really really really really really no really no really no really no really if the whole okay you know know know know know know know know know um well um okay you know like card industry went away. Do you think your your your your your your your your your life would be better or okay well well um uh okay um like like like like like like like like like worse? I think I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think if you really stop and think about it and and and and and and and and and honest answer for I mean I mean uh um I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know like some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it it it it it it it it it all went away and so okay like so okay well uh like for others you. Fathom a a a a a a a a a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything with everything with everything with everything with everything with everything with everything with with with with with with with with with everything with everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try try try try try try try try try I mean uh okay um like like you know okay make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's uh like like so um um um um um um um um um you know so uh free, which is great. And as creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you to record and okay well I mean okay I mean well uh well edit your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so you know I mean well like um distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So okay uh well you know know know know know know know know know like um I mean I mean download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go to Anchored off. I'm to get so I mean well I mean you know know know know know know know know know uh like I mean Ready? Hey, so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Rigby you know um you know okay uh so okay okay then biggest tiger joins joins joins joins joins joins joins joins joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is episode 52 um um um um um um um um um um uh okay well I mean like um of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby league podcast. Fans who well uh I mean so um um um um um um um um um okay you know um are passionate about saying the game played in more places places places places places places places places places. All right, ladies and I mean well um well like well I mean so gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a very special guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest with us um you know uh okay you know you know okay uh all the the the the the the the the the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you you are you are you are now listening to the life and football podcast check check check check check check check check check out the um uh okay you know uh like uh I mean new website life life life life life life life life life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and footballcom uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like I mean like I mean. Thanks for listening Williams. Plus it is Heath Heath Heath Heath Heath Heath Heath Heath Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was okay I mean you know okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um eight and are behind with a big catch right there for for for for for for for for for Wyoming that was uh I mean like well you know so you know like in a bowl bowl bowl bowl bowl bowl bowl bowl bowl game against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has he has he has he has has has has has has has has has he has he has he has he has he has a like uh um well well well well well well well well well well you know um well great story. I'm telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one one one one one one one one one of the top programs in uh um okay you know so I mean so so so so so so so so so okay the country. I love what they have going on over there. I love love love love love love love love love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me me uh like uh um like so okay uh explain it's free. There's a creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your um you know well like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for you. So uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so uh so so so so so so so so so uh so uh so uh so like uh um okay so so it can be heard on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make um like well I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so you know okay money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make well uh um uh so uh I mean okay podcasts in in in in in in in in in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get well well well well well well well well well uh okay so um well you know okay started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This This This This This This This This This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking well like like so uh like like like like like like like like like you know like to you about money, but not just money wealth means means means means means means means means means wisdom expansion well like um so so I mean I mean uh assets. Love Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know uh I mean you know so much money you have in your your your your your your your your your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your okay well okay so okay so so so so so so so so so so uh personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all all all all all all all all all that good stuff. I get I get I get I get I get I get I get I get I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North North North North North North North North North America's uh well I mean okay I mean okay okay I mean largest mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism so well so so so so so so so so so uh uh well okay well and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user user user user user user user user user experience and have a great okay well like okay I mean um like I I I I I I I I I mean selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable notable notable notable notable notable notable notable notable altcoins okay well okay you know okay so like you know to Big Daddy Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh well I mean so um be sure to go and check them out out out out out out out out out. We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we are we are incredibly grateful that Luxor uh so um well um like so so so so so so so so so like is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if if if if if if if if if you like uh uh well I mean uh uh um as listeners would support the show show show show show show show show show by Ting them you can find them online at um okay uh you know like like like like like like like like like like um um Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Team. Hey, everyone like I mean so well uh well well so Thanks for for for for for for for for for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so so like uh in the history of the world on today's episode mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean hash and I are joined by like um so um uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of of of of of of of of of work projects. We uh we uh we uh we uh we uh we uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh we uh we uh we uh you know uh like uh like uh I I I I I I I I I mean talk about masternodes. We talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we we we we we we we we we talk we talk we talk we talk a little bit about Prague pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal pal and mean hash has I mean well um um okay um you know well an an an an an an an an an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I so I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you if you if you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well so uh I mean okay the time of prayer at 3:00 3:00 3:00 3:00 3:00 3:00 3:00 3:00 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was so well so well like like like like like like like like like so um uh lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where so so so so so so so so so so like I mean uh you know uh like he was put every day day day day day day day day day to beg from those going into the temple courts I mean like so well um um um um um um um um um um like so when he saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them them them them them them them them them for money so you know I mean uh okay so you know well Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter looks That him as did John then Peter said look at us. So the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh so um uh uh you know man gave them his attention expecting to to to to to to to to to get something from them. Then Peter then Peter then Peter then Peter then Peter then Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter then Peter then Peter then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City in in in in in in in in in like uh well so like like well I mean the aughts centering around a protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat fight after well um you you you you you you you you you know okay uh so so I mean the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was was was was was was was was was a sharp decline in wall Street's interest okay well well you know well well well well well well well well well like well uh in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless. Japan was mired well like well um okay um okay so in Endless deflation every every every every every every every every every news piece on South Korea showed row upon row of empty so like you you you you you you you you you know uh you know uh like like Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just just just just just just just just just a bunch of rice eating well um okay uh you know I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit I mean I mean you know like you know well I mean like like like like like like like like like of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no one like like like like like like like like like like you know so you know so so you know else was looking so an internal internal internal internal internal internal internal internal internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my I mean I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know well um fund we already had FX in the region but but but but but but but but but back in those days. It uh uh uh okay um like well I mean was almost like like like like like like like like like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to free to free to free to free to free to free to free free free free free free free free free to free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph Steph Steph Steph Steph Steph Steph Steph Steph podcast back for okay you know so like I mean well well like another week week week week week week week week week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so I mean like uh weekend? It was it was it was it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was pretty good. Yeah pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep in well um uh so uh um um um um um um um um um I mean you know which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it it it it it it it it it is rough being back here you know like so well you know okay um um um um um um um um um you know in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you know know know know know know know know know on well okay okay uh well okay you know like Friday. We had had had had had had had had had we had we had we had we had we had we had we had had had had had had had had had we had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed uh so so so so so so so so so well um you know I mean so you know her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase suitcase suitcase suitcase suitcase suitcase suitcase suitcase suitcase. Yes. I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing hide and seek so I mean um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you you you you you you you you you should go back well I mean okay okay well okay so you know to to to to to to to to to Florida. It is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it is it is it is full of really really weird people but it also also also also also also also also also okay you know well uh so um um so has Disney and sunshine and your your your your your your your your your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh no oh no oh no oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in so in so in so in so in so in so in so so so so so so so so so in so in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth so so so so so so so so so like so um uh so okay um. First of all going to look at at at at at at at at at a summary of what happens in you know you know like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like um seems one and two of act three scene one begins just just just just just just just just just after Macbeth has been so um um okay um like like um crowned King King King King King King King King King Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad I mean okay so so well um like so to get the crown. He says says says says says says says says says I fear that place the most foully for it uh uh well uh uh uh I I I I I I I I I mean you know. I quote still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Kings Macbeth enters you know so you know you know okay so like okay. He calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his like um um um um um um um um um okay like uh uh like so best friend. Of course that's out on on on on on on on on on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and macbeth and macbeth and macbeth and macbeth macbeth macbeth macbeth macbeth macbeth macbeth macbeth macbeth and macbeth and macbeth and macbeth and macbeth and speaks uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like I mean I mean in another city liquid. He says says says says says says says says says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel okay you know well like like like like like like like like like like um um okay secure as king to be thus nothing but to be be be be be be be be be safely. Thus Beth is I mean um like I mean okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there there there there there there there there there is none well so okay okay okay um okay like but he whose being being being being being being being being being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the like uh okay you you you you you you you you you know um well like you know backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't like I mean well I mean okay well okay I mean have sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you you you you you you you you you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you don't want to be like I um so so so so so so so so so okay okay uh well I mean um don't be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we we we we we we we we we go. Welcome back to question the self you've reached so okay you know well well well well well well well well well well I mean like I mean episode to my conversation with my my my my my my my my my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping self, um like well well well well well well well well well uh I mean um you know uh you know that my mom is a main main main main main main main main main character and a beloved one, but also like so well well uh you you you you you you you you you know uh um the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my my my my my my my my my heart in my I mean like uh like well like well I mean soul not not not not not not not not not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she has like you know well well well well well well well well well so you know okay you know okay very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped shaped shaped shaped shaped shaped shaped shaped shaped her life and saved her life and so I mean uh you know you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of of of of of of of of of so okay you know I mean so you know you know well living with terminal cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived problems okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay I mean so I mean and worries going on in our heads could could could could could could could could could be changed by embracing. The simple fact so um like uh uh so well well well well well well well well well you know that we all only have one life and that none of us us us us us us us us us are so like you know like so um you know okay promised another day day day day day day day day day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current health status after after after after after after after after after so so uh so you know okay like okay all would you seriously stay in in in in in in in in in the job you hate or the relationship that like um um like you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean like makes you miserable. If you truly felt your your your your your your your your your life could end next year. Hell I mean I mean so um uh well well well well well well well well well I mean so no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you you you you you you you you you certainly wouldn't you know I mean you know uh uh uh okay I mean be worrying worrying worrying worrying worrying worrying worrying worrying worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview people who are well well well well well well well well well like you know um um like you know so living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have have you have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views views views views views views views views views and um you know so well like um you know uh opinions and and and and and and and and and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well like well you know uh the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all all all all all all all all all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all all all all all all all all all making this podcast. Anchor well I mean well um okay well well well gives you you you you you you you you you everything you need in one place for free and you can easily easily easily easily easily easily easily easily easily so uh I mean okay well well okay um download it onto your mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile device or computer. They have they have they have they have they have they they they they they they they they they have they have they have they have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh so um like I mean record and edit so your podcast sounds great great great great great great great great great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify like um so like I mean you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay. Apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and and and and and and and and and the best part you can easily I mean like um um well well like okay make make make make make make make make make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor or uh um like uh well I mean like you know go to ANC ANC ANC ANC ANC ANC ANC ANC ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan I mean uh so I I I I I I I I I mean well well okay like Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute two-minute two-minute two-minute two-minute two-minute two-minute two-minute two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm going to share well I mean so like um like so so so so so so so so so okay with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is is is is is is is is is so okay okay okay well uh like so Kelly Scheib. For those for those those those those those those those those those for those for those for those for those for those for those for those of of of of of of of of of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by like like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well uh you know my co-host Steve now we are so we had had had had had had had had had a plan for today and uh so uh okay like uh uh well as as as as as as as as as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little little little little little little little little little known um so uh you know so like I mean well virus out there there there there there there there there there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it I mean so like so so so so so so so so so I mean okay well like was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that that that that that that that that that topic today if it weren't like I mean uh okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um I mean you just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't that where the clock like um you know um well you know well well well well well well well well well uh is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have you like like like like like like like like like so I mean so um okay um uh been watching United States? I think think think think think think think think think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked um well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like so at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right right right right right right right right right. Well, I'm glad we've okay okay like so like um like um got the experts experts experts experts experts experts experts experts experts we have here today to talk to us. So today um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so okay uh I mean we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes from yes from yes from yes from yes from yes from yes from yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this and this and this and and and and and and and and and this and this and this and this and this and this is my video coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching newsletter and the uh okay uh I mean well well so you know topic of of of of of of of of of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of so so so so so so so so so so okay like um uh uh I mean interesting email here from a guy who who who who who who who who who writes in thanking me for my work well uh you know um um like like like like like like like like like uh okay and telling me how just in a short period of time time time time time time time time time. He's in a so so uh okay um like uh you know situation where I I I I I I I I I guess his he's been married. And he's and he's and he's and he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's and he's and he's and he's and he's and he's in the process you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay so uh uh well of getting a divorce with his wife and apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found like I mean well um I mean you know know know know know know know know know okay so out she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the the the the the the the the the um okay um well I mean I mean you know well interesting thing is he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, so okay I I I I I I I I I mean so you know you know you know so but the interesting thing is he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his you know uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like um okay so wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh well okay okay so podcast with only for The Scorch KO Yung and and and and and and and and and 95 are David's Alibi was you know so I mean uh um okay um um um um um um um um um I mean engaged those things, but if man were here episode the first episode really really really really really really really really really looking you know you know um okay like like so like forward to getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process you know well you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean so okay um a few when we first said said said said said said said said said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just like okay you know well well well well well well well well well you know I mean like okay start a podcast and four weeks later. We We We We We We We We We expect we expect we expect we expect we expect we expect we expect we expect we we we we we we we we we expect that one is following okay so okay so um so you know well a a a a a a a a a few months now and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually you know well uh well um well you know you know got go to my my my my my my my my my I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here okay uh well like like like like like like like like like so well okay like is a kind of weird one were both jumping jumping jumping jumping jumping jumping jumping jumping jumping on the train and without a okay um you know like um okay I I I I I I I I I mean so couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep it keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world world world world world world world world world okay so um okay um uh so so ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very very very very very very very very very mean and nasty place and I don't um so so you know okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and well I I I I I I I I I mean so so you know um like you know keep you there permanently. If you you you you you you you you you let it you me or nobody is gonna um okay um um you know know know know know know know know know okay um like hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how how how how how how how how how hard you hit it's I mean I mean okay I mean so like well well well well well well well well well well about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much much much much much much much much much you can take well okay like um like um well okay and keep moving forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward. That's how that's how that's how that's how that's how that's how that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's how that's how that's how winning is done. Well, if you know what I I I I I I I I I mean okay like so uh okay okay I mean you're worth then go out and and and and and and and and and get what you're worth. But you gotta be so like so um okay you know know know know know know know know know well you know willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you you you you you you you you you ain't where you wanna okay uh like okay I mean so so like be because of him him him him him him him him him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you know so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh well uh you you better than that. It's about how hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard you can get hit and keep moving forward uh well so uh well um uh I I I I I I I I I mean. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We We We We We We We We We know it's Ryan um so um um like you know well you know crach crach crach crach crach crach crach crach crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's so let's so let's so let's get into it. And we're I think think think think think think think think think timed so like uh okay well you know I mean you know it perfectly. All All All All All All All All All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three days. Yeah so I mean I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean I mean okay well four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah for the viewers that we will be releasing things so um you know you know know know know know know know know know you know so uh I mean I so for them. It's a week but maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe Monday here week Monday well um like um so okay um so here. Yeah or or or or or or or or or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week mixed up like like like like like like like like like like I mean like okay you know um so Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know what that means. It's something political well uh okay okay I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do do do do do do do do do. All right like I mean okay I mean like you know I mean I I I I I I I I I mean. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is the fifth episode. I I I I I I I I I like you know um well um okay like um believe unfortunately Christian the the the the the the the the the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this week so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well well okay um because he is on spring break. He's living living living living living living living living living he's living he's living he's living he's living he's living he's living he's living he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's living it up in Spain. What up so so okay I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know I mean well Christian are you doing? But this week we have three three three three three three three three three very special guests from Lehigh um so well uh like uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean University. Number one, number one, number one, number one, number one, number one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, number one, number one, number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude dude dude dude dude dude dude dude dude and Nicole and well um okay so I mean so I mean you you you you you you you you you know Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown you know well you know you know so so um like from the unsolved murders murders murders murders murders murders murders murders murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky uh well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like like like. She was she was she was she was she was she was she she she she she she she she she was she was she was found on her college campus strangled to death with her her her her her her her her her own um um you know I mean so I mean um I mean bra one man man man man man man man man man confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened uh you know know know know know know know know know so um um like okay so to Betty Gale Brown that night to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free okay okay I mean uh like well well well well well well well well well like so on Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature of so well um well like um okay like this murder case listener discretion is is is is is is is is is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder well you know you know know know know know know know know know so uh um uh um and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children you know uh okay okay okay um I mean I mean under under under under under under under under under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer layer Aid I mean you know um so well okay you know so conference which which which which which which which which which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in you know know know know know know know know know okay uh okay so you know um um Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is is is is is is is is is the first one to solely focus on I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I mean um you know so like so social engineering and open source intelligence or osint osint osint osint osint osint osint osint osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators well okay okay uh okay so like uh always always always always always always always always always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those like I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know um well um so stories through their presentations at at at at at at at at at the conference, but not every story can fill a uh so uh okay um um um um um um um um um well so like whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which which which which which which which which which brings us I mean I mean okay I mean so you know um well well well well well well well well well here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know like like um well you know interviews. No slides just just just just just just just just just stories some might be a short as five minutes you know um uh so um um um um um um um um um well uh I mean some may even go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or or or or or or or or or reflect like so um okay um well I mean I mean those of the company company company company company company company company company and its management for their more the views and opinions so you know well you know know know know know know know know know okay well you know I mean of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice from Vice from Vice from Vice from Vice from Vice from Vice Vice Vice Vice Vice Vice Vice Vice Vice from Vice from Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me me me me me me me me me Julian like well like I mean so I mean um like Morgan's. This is the the the the the the the the the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today well so like like like like like like like like like I mean okay um like like we're looking at one of the weirdest most most most most most most most most most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century okay okay you know uh so I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know. It's a story about for men and for women who are are are are are are are are are locked inside this enormous glass um um well I mean well uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine okay uh you know like um um well like it all went a a a a a a a a a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like um um uh to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the the the the the the the the the four to six month Mark. I think um um you know well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I I I I I I I I I want okay like you know like well I mean um so to be your your your your your your your your your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are coming to you from multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple uh I mean you know you know well um like like States. Got it it it it it it it it it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time time time time time time time time time okay well so you know you know um okay uh. I love cast Edition. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound like well like uh well well well well well well well well well okay you know you know so you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like like like like like like like like like welcome back to another like you know well okay I mean you know like okay episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new you you you you you you you you you know um so uh you know I mean you know like studio yet because we we we we we we we we we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch well like um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know so the Vlog that we posted at by the time you you you you you you you you you listen to this a like well so okay you know uh okay okay few weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks ago we found Mice in our basement. So we so we so we we we we we we we we we so we so we so we so we so we so we had to put put put put put put put put put our project um okay I mean like you know well so like on on on on on on on on on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in the okay you know know know know know know know know know I mean like um I mean okay so meantime now, we're sitting in our living living living living living living living living living room. So we've now recorded a podcast okay like well like um like like like like like like like like like like uh in three different places. This is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is definitely the most comfortable out of of of of of of of of of all of them okay well you know um so I mean well so so so so so so so so so so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a so so so so so so so so so so um okay like so so uh week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and and and and and and and and and this episode like okay okay well okay um so I mean is recapping reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 um so um I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know well like episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys so like so okay uh uh I mean uh stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick around for the any because we are going to go through our recap roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups um uh uh you know like so okay I mean. Our best moments are are are are are are are are are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick around well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay uh so uh for that. We also have our contest going on on on on on on on on on right now for a chance to well I mean like well okay um well okay win win win win win win win win win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just written comments okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like like uh I mean so I mean on our iTunes page and and and and and and and and and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending this contest okay you know um um um um um um um um um um like you know like um to the end of Riverdale season for so we we we we we we we we we have lots of time as always to so like um um um so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for joining us. Don't forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget I mean you know well okay okay like so okay to like comment and subscribe to to to to to to to to to the channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's yo, let's yo, let's yo, let's yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, let's yo, let's yo, let's yo, let's yo, let's get into it so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean I mean so I mean I mean I mean the the the the the the the the the season finale. What do you think? It was it was it was it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was it was good? good good good good good good good good It was really uh I mean so like okay so so um good. They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're a couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, but but but but but but but but but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and and and and and and and and and so well well I mean like I mean um like Sarah Franklin bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on well so I mean so you you you you you you you you you know well I mean you know their own Journey with Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell all women tell all but first so um you know like I mean well well well well well well well well well um like women get eliminated and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its its its its its its its its its like uh okay um uh you know well you know women tell all all all all all all all all all week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode you you you you you you you you you know well like well so like like um includes discussions of drug use and violence that that that that that that that that that some people may find offensive. We uh okay so uh okay okay so um advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass okay I mean I mean so um I mean I mean you know Lake the California California California California California California California California California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so like so okay leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the the the the the the the the the quiet Campground as president of well well so so you know you know so so so so so so so so so um the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at at at at at at at at at least well I mean I mean like so you know um like. That's what what what what what what what what what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what what what what what what what what what that's what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Hells Hells Hells Hells Hells Hells Hells Hells Angels okay so uh you know uh so uh like flag. It featured a a a a a a a a a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know okay uh I mean the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and he'll and he'll and he'll and he'll and he'll and he'll and and and and and and and and and he'll and he'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the the the the the the the the the Bible Christianity and you know I mean well well like I mean so you you you you you you you you you know other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so uh you know okay you know so order to reinvent religion for myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a you know okay well um uh well like like like like like like like like like I mean friend while listening to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by by by by by by by by by shamash, okay you know like like so well well like which I highly recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out um well so I mean so so so so so so so so so well you know like one of the speakers in my car. My current workload workload workload workload workload workload workload workload workload prevents me from um um you know um well I mean I mean so getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting it replaced. So instead of Music I've had to listen to stuff um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know um so like you know that is still enjoyable when it's only coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming out of one of the two stereo channels you know well um like well well well well well well well well well okay like okay so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to well well well well well well well well well I mean like uh well like so okay Anchor dot. F m-- to get started started started started started started started started started guys. This is by far anchors the well like uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so um best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there there there there there there there there there. You can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can you can you can put it like um you know um so well like um um um um um um um um um out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use use use use use use use use use okay uh I mean um so uh um okay it. It's by far the best best best best best best best best best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, okay you know I mean okay well so so so so so so so so so um so and I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign sign sign sign sign sign sign sign sign up uh well uh uh so you know um I mean with anchor if if if if if if if if if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as like like like like like like like like like okay uh okay okay okay you know uh well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that that that that that that that that that partner okay okay well so well uh like okay has another partner that person by by by by by by by by by the way, for those of you don't know uh okay uh so you know know know know know know know know know okay um you know has a special term. It's called metamour. That is the the the the the the the the the special word for I mean you know I mean I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know okay um your partner's partner. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with with with with with with with with with someone you're in well uh uh so uh I mean you know like a relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you I mean so so so so so so so so so well you know uh um okay uh want to know this person. Maybe you want want want want want want want want want to To be friends with them uh I mean well well okay so so well. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can can can can can can can can can be like you know well um you know okay I mean I mean on on on on on on on on on such good terms with your metamour that the two of you could could could could could could could could could okay uh so okay well so like so sit down in someone's kitchen either yours or or or or or or or or or theirs and have a cup of coffee uh um so uh um so uh I I I I I I I I I mean and hang out. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang gang gang gang gang gang gang gang gang up so you know you know like uh so I mean uh on on on on on on on on on your partner from time to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's in you know okay so like um like like so conversation episode with creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing well like well like like like like like like like like like like so you know I mean an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's Zach's Zach's Zach's Zach's Zach's Zach's Zach's Zach's unique lifestyle and to you know you know so uh you know you know like like like like like like like like like uh find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have have have have have have have have have you know like I mean uh well um you know um previously known Zach is is is is is is is is is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group of uh um okay like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing to me. Welcome to like uh um okay like well so um um um um um um um um um the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually well well well I mean um uh um so met at Sanda coffee. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these uh I mean okay um um um um um um um um um well so um well days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops laptops laptops laptops laptops laptops laptops laptops laptops and a lot of people come you know uh okay okay like you know know know know know know know know know uh um through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure out. You got a uh so like like well so like well well well well well well well well well few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show well well well well well well well well well I mean uh you know well you know I mean well notes in a hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened so so well well well well well well well well well uh I mean well well uh it. I was reading it through and it said said said said said said said said said if anyone ever comes to you um okay I mean I mean so I I I I I I I I I mean well uh saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of have okay um I mean so I mean I mean like okay that habit habit habit habit habit habit habit habit habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay well so uh uh. And so okay. So what I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um uh uh like I mean angels and we want to remind you that that that that that that that that that that there is a stream uh I mean I mean you know you know I mean I I I I I I I I I mean you know of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've noticed about any who I mean I mean um I mean I mean like so like like like like like like like like like for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not not not not not not not not not allowing their alignment I mean like well like well um so um with that that that that that that that that that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being I mean well you you you you you you you you you know like so uh um well that is so you is so painful from that painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful place. That's always okay well well um okay you know um um where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta lotta gibberish okay uh um like I mean I mean like I mean. I'll be your host host host host host host host host host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to so you know um well so well you you you you you you you you you know uh be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing introducing introducing introducing introducing introducing introducing introducing introducing so you know well so uh like I mean well waking youth. How did did did did did did did did did I come up with this idea? And what waking well like uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um okay youth is all about so over the summer I I I I I I I I I was listening to a lot of you know um um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh well podcasts and I was thinking that I really wanted to work and and and and and and and and and focus on my um like well well um uh like um creativity and when I started started started started started started started started started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I you know um uh um um um um um um um um um uh I mean well well was also looking for an initiative and I was feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling very stressed and I mean okay uh okay well um um you know very anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious and I realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling okay um um um um um um um um um okay okay well uh so I mean like this because we're obviously we're very young young young young young young young young young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well you know like like you know exciting announcement. I wanted to let you you you you you you you you you all know that we have joined the you know you know well you you you you you you you you you know uh okay um you know Frolic podcast Network front leg is a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast community of everything romance and romance related as um uh like I mean uh so so so so so so so so so uh so you know, I am both a reader of and author of romance romance romance romance romance romance romance romance romance fiction and Amelia. Well um well um well um well um well um well well well well well well well well well um well um well um well um you know uh okay you you you you you you you you you know um uh well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super super super super super super super super super fan of many kinds of like like um um so uh so so genre. Fiction Fiction Fiction Fiction Fiction Fiction Fiction Fiction Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of um okay well well well well well well well well well um um like like you know self-care. So we're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're really excited to be a a a a a a a a a part of this community. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're if you're into um you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so well you know romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on on on on on on on on on the Frolic Network. It includes well so I mean like you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Wendell's podcast about okay so um well um okay um I mean romance. She's super super super super super super super super super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about so I I I I I I I I I mean so you know okay well uh well the world of True Crime letting you dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive even deeper into some of the most I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well uh I mean like notorious subjects every week in addition to your your your your your your your your your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring uh well like well um so uh I I I I I I I I I mean the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected short okay like like you know I mean you know uh um clips clips clips clips clips clips clips clips clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well you know you know okay like like. Ideas, like ideas, like like like like like like like like like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like motivation method method method method method method method method method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world so so you know know know know know know know know know I mean well well okay um really is you can find these original episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes for free on Spotify or wherever well well like like so I mean okay you you you you you you you you you know you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will will will will will will will will will be posted in the description uh I mean well uh like uh uh um um um um um um um um um today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me you you you you you you you you you know like you know like okay so well I mean and you here here here here here here here here here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So uh so um you know know know know know know know know know okay um I mean I mean we hope you guys have enjoyed those but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just us today. We are here you know like I mean uh well um so so so so so so so so so well at 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally uh like so okay so well I mean I mean literally make the the the the the the the the the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is like well like like like like like like like like like like so so you know um some sight. It was six was it safe and and and and and and and and and James woke up at 4:00 and we well uh well like like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do we do do do do do do do do do we do we do we do we do we do we do we do it everyday though though though though though though though though though. Sometimes eat well um uh like like I mean well uh we cannot something happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to to to to to to to to to have you with us so um um so you know uh well okay again again again again again again again again again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves in okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um I mean um uh so a minute, but guys, I realized just just just just just just just just just the other day that we've been at okay okay like like so so uh well well well well well well well well well this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or uh you know know know know know know know know know well I mean uh like I mean uh something. Maybe it maybe it maybe it it it it it it it it it maybe it maybe it maybe it maybe it maybe it maybe it maybe that's wrong. We We We We We We We We We need the fact Checkers out there to correct I mean you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh um I mean us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are are are are are are are are are not correct often well well okay so um um well okay speak for yourself. Awesome, we we we we we we we we we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, we awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, well so you know know know know know know know know know well so okay well so but that just has because we do is almost zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero prep. We just kind of come so uh you know so so okay well like from from from from from from from from from wherever we are and we sit down and and I think most of the I I I I I I I I I mean so like okay um uh I mean you know time we do catch each each each each each each each each each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace you know um like okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened to Glenn. I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I I I I I I I I I'm I I'm I I'm I mean well you know well okay uh okay well well well well well well well well well glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I was was was was was was was was was supposed um I mean well you know um well uh okay to be so fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking consistent but last week I came to New Orleans my like I mean okay you you you you you you you you you know you know you know uh um hometown and it was mighty grind. It was was was was was was was was was just a lot of stuff going on I mean okay like you know so you you you you you you you you you know so like and I could have recorded like the days after but I had so so so so so so so so so you know you know so okay well um well like much shit like a a a a a a a a a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear I I mean like like like like like like like like like so you know uh so okay I mean have errands to run I I I I I I I I I was linking with people that I see in a while you know uh um um um um um um um um um uh um I mean so I mean. Basically, I basically, I basically, I basically, I basically, I I I I I I I I I basically, I basically, I basically, I basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying staying staying staying staying staying staying staying staying in New Orleans and my like like I mean so well like uh um um um um um um um um um mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and it be loud like like like like like like like like like like okay okay well like I mean so okay I'm finally recording because now I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm finally in my house and no one's here I mean you know like like so I I I I I I I I I mean uh well right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record before before before before before before before before before somebody uh I mean um uh like uh you know so try to to to to to to to to to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name my name my name my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name is Donna Donna Donna Donna Donna Donna Donna Donna Donna and my so so you know so well well you know well well well well well well well well well name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw and and and and and and and and and okay well okay okay like like I mean well real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, Christianity, Christianity, Christianity, Christianity, Christianity, Christianity, Christianity, Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific like um uh okay like um well well well well well well well well well well topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this this this this this this this this this episode on like uh well like you know so you know well speakers. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I said being a okay you know so so so so so so so so so like like so um well mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi Massaquoi Massaquoi Massaquoi Massaquoi Massaquoi Massaquoi Massaquoi Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed by so I mean well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh our guests. Should there should there should there should there should there should there there there there there there there there there should there should there should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay now okay you know uh okay you know um you know I mean that's weird. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like like okay like you know well dips episode 86, I believe I can can can can can can can can can never keep track its right broker. I I mean I mean well like I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know I mean was right. Yeah. Boom one for one. Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in so like okay like well so uh um um um um um um um um um there wait for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro like like like like like like like like like like you know okay uh uh well so next time. That's extremely that's extremely that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's extremely that's extremely that's extremely that's extremely that's extremely that's extremely that's extremely room room room room room room room room room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us well like I mean I I I I I I I I I mean well okay well well via Skype in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's going great. It's like I mean uh you know you know you know like like like like like like like like like uh starting to warm up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so okay you know like uh like um like like almost always cloudy, but you you you you you you you you you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish okay you know okay um um um um um um um um um well like like you know that weather that we're used to being known for for for for for for for for for out here. It's weird. It's like it's you know um um well so you know know know know know know know know know I mean uh like it's been positive degree temperature every day for the last I I I I I I I I I think like okay okay like so okay like well week something like that. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know you know you know okay a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised. This episode like you know um okay you know so um okay includes depictions depictions depictions depictions depictions depictions depictions depictions depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise we advise we advise we we we we we we we we we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children like like like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean okay okay under 13. There's something magical about a a a a a a a a a college campus where everyone's gone home for the so I mean okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well well holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air air air air air air air air air and the snow-covered World feels you know well you know I mean so well so so so so so so so so so okay like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic architecture. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's um so I mean you know okay uh well I mean fun to have a a a a a a a a a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your like so like I mean well well well well well well well well well well you know so Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that that that that that that that that that the idea of a you know um okay I mean okay okay um well walk to to to to to to to to to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like a bad well so so so so so so so so so well like I mean I mean so so choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we after we after we after we after we after we after we after we we we we we we we we we after we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight line I mean well um like well uh um like. I was so dizzy. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs well well okay um um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day day day day day day day day day at the space I mean well like so well so okay well amusement park is one one one one one one one one one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee like you know I I I I I I I I I mean you know so I mean okay okay was like hurry Franklin. You might might might might might might might might might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all well I mean um so so so so so so so so so so you know well uh know are you get what you have to watch funnel funnel funnel funnel funnel funnel funnel funnel funnel cake typically. Yeah, I definitely like like like uh like I mean okay I I I I I I I I I mean remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay so well um like more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down down down down down down down down down the okay okay like well so I mean well like top 31 Sports scandals of of of of of of of of of the past 31 years in today's episode we um I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay uh go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ OJ OJ OJ OJ OJ OJ OJ OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial um like okay I mean so I mean like um um um um um um um um um where he was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another you you you you you you you you you know you know you know I mean like so like okay trial two two two two two two two two two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow so so so so so so so so so uh so you know I mean um you know uh for more shocking sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always um like well well well well well well well well well well like uh well um you can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get get get get get get get get get your podcasts. Millions of like well so okay uh okay well well viewers had had had had had had had had had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself so you you you you you you you you you know like uh I mean um um well to brew ducky. Trey badass badass badass badass badass badass badass badass badass South African as slum it's just it's just made so so um you know know know know know know know know know like so I mean like me itchy. My name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so uh well so minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it it it it it it it it it blares again and again when uh so okay like you know so um well you can can can can can can can can can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep you well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh okay um um like drag your aching body out of bed bed bed bed bed bed bed bed bed as you ready yourself you scroll through uh um so uh um so you know know know know know know know know know so ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as as as as as as as as as um so so okay you know okay like I mean you dress you ask your your your your your your your your your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed voice okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay okay well I mean responds with the exact percentage chance it it it it it it it it it will rain and the precise temperature you so uh I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well okay okay um don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it it it it it it it it it was cold okay okay like I mean so like you know I mean yesterday and dress dress dress dress dress dress dress dress dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean so like so. And today we have a very very very very very very very very very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis carve carve carve carve carve carve carve carve carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis and I sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat okay okay I mean uh I mean like so well down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo Vallejo Vallejo Vallejo Vallejo Vallejo Vallejo Vallejo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain uh um so like like like like like like like like like so um well so and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are not not not not not not not not not aware of dr. Ricardo like you know well I mean uh uh you know so Vallejo he he he he he he he he he Is the man the myth the legend behind stem Genex he is the okay uh like like like like like like like like like okay so I mean like so founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for the um so um I mean um I mean um um um um um um um um um like record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo and and and and and and and and and um uh I mean I mean you know um you know okay his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday happy Monday and welcome to episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode number 30 of the doubt okay okay okay uh you know um I I I I I I I I I mean you know Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator operator operator operator operator operator operator operator operator of dialed so so okay like well I mean like okay Health, which is is is is is is is is is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about so you know you you you you you you you you you know so um okay I mean you know why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists. This topic was sent in by you know so uh so uh well you you you you you you you you you know I mean an underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because because because because because because because because because he like uh so okay okay so uh I mean noticed that most of my my my my my my my my my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put so like like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well out our mixed in some form of a circuit. So you you you you you you you you you want to know why that so I mean okay um well I mean okay okay is is is is is is is is is. Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? style style style style style style style style What well I mean like well so so like okay is that? So we're going going going going going going going going going to break down the science and we're also going like you know well like I I I I I I I I I mean uh um I mean to break down some reality because you know, all all all all all all all all all the science in the world. Sometimes so well like uh okay uh um so can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then then then then then then then then then really like uh I mean I mean I mean well well like why I I I I I I I I I choose to do them and why I do believe that it is uh uh so so so so so so so so so well okay I mean so so optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as as as as as as as as as and as and as and as and as and as and as and as and and and and and and and and and as you well you know well uh okay um well okay can see, my energy is is is is is is is is is on such a different level than it was for episode 1. I'm like like like like like like like like like uh like uh like you know uh you know so happy to be here here here here here here here here here. I had got so many great compliments on episode 1 okay okay okay okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio this audio this audio this audio this audio this audio this audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio this audio this audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our well well well well well well well well well um I mean so you know well you know like app today and get access access access access access access access access access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on okay well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well well like personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out out out out out out out out out or commuting I mean um I mean I mean well you know um um to to to to to to to to to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go like like well well well well well well well well well okay okay okay I mean um to Quick read.com app and download our app app app app app app app app app for free today. Summary of the okay uh um well I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie and quick read okay so uh okay well okay like I mean narrated by Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was okay um so okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know overweight shy and often sat in visible in the back of of of of of of of of of the class okay uh well you know well I mean you know well. It It It It It It It It It was when her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party so so so so so so so so so well so uh like um okay like that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your your your your your your your your your okay well uh you know uh I mean okay like own podcast, but you're not really sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure how to get started. We'll anchor is so you know well you know so well well well well well well well well well um I mean the way to do it. That's actually what we use to to to to to to to to to host this podcast um I mean like I mean well I mean um you you you you you you you you you know. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just just just just just just just just just download our so well you know you know you know okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit go and and and and and and and and and anchor so like like I mean so I mean so I mean publishes it to to to to to to to to to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all those okay so like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean uh uh um places of people download podcasts and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's easy and best of All it's free uh uh you know uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app on on on on on on on on on your phone so uh uh like um okay I mean well today. Thanks for tuning back back back back back back back back back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every one of well okay well well um um um um um um um um um like uh like you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this without you you you you you you you you you. So be sure at okay so like I mean I mean uh uh like the the the the the the the the the end of the show to leave a review join the Facebook group follow us us us us us us us us us uh like so I mean I mean uh like like on social media. I'll have have have have have have have have have all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode is uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um um okay okay like so all about the coronavirus. But before but before before before before before before before before before but before but before but before but before but before but before but before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast you know like you know okay I mean like okay like. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and well well well well well well well well well um I mean um um okay I mean uh edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you well I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know uh so so you know. So it can be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make I mean like you you you you you you you you you know so okay well like I mean money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need so okay okay okay okay well um like to make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to you know know know know know know know know know um like you know like so okay okay Anchor FM to get arted Penis, Penis, Penis, Penis, Penis, Penis, Penis, Penis, Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the uh um okay you know you know know know know know know know know know uh like um bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's called speaking for the well you know I mean you know you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't I can't I I I I I I I I I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some some some some some some some some some workouts at um well so so you know so okay you know home, if you you you you you you you you you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle to okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so uh um I mean find the time or if you travel a a a a a a a a a lot then you need this plan so uh um like so like okay okay. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well like uh again. Been Ogden dot code at UK a a a a a a a a a home hit plan is you know um um well you know well well well well well well well well well well well a four-week plan which consists of three workouts every single week all different different different different different different different different different workouts. You so uh I mean uh well like um well also get get get get get get get get get access to the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how you you you you you you you you you know like well so uh uh uh so to do every single exercise on on on on on on on on on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need um uh um well okay okay I I I I I I I I I mean you know a sofa you might get a chair up some point, but very very very very very very very very very very very okay you know so I mean you know well well so minimal equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment equipment and stuff that you can find around the house. And so if you you you you you you you you you well um you know okay okay like okay um answered yes to any of them them them them them them them them them questions at the start go and get um you know okay well so well well well well well well well well well uh okay the planet is also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't know if you're ready for this one, but but but but but but but but but here okay you know I mean okay I mean so so okay we go. So today today today today today today today today today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this well okay um I I I I I I I I I mean well so so you know one on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable uncurable uncurable uncurable uncurable uncurable uncurable uncurable uncurable. So this last week I decided you like um okay like um well um um um um um um um um um I mean know, hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of Netflix, you like okay well like well um I mean like know. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, here we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new I mean you you you you you you you you you know I mean um so um like like movie out. Hell, yeah, you know know know know know know know know know The Rock was always been my favorite well well uh uh okay I mean um um um um um um um um um well wrestler since a young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the the the the the the the the the living and while um um uh so like I mean I mean uh we watch WWE, WWE, WWE, WWE, WWE, WWE, WWE, WWE, WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want want want want want want want want want like I mean like you know uh well uh okay to share something that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think um you know well well well well well well well well well so like you know you know uh it's kind of funny actually to to to to to to to to to be honest with you, but I'm one like so okay like um um um um um um um um um um okay you know of my last Whatever you want to call it one one one one one one one one one of my last pump okay so well uh you know you know uh uh and and and and and and and and and dumps that I dealt with before I went Monk. And a and a and and and and and and and and and a and a and a and a and a and a and a father father father father father father father father father to okay well um I mean uh you know uh you know a a a a a a a a a woman about my age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking okay like like like like like like like like like um well okay okay um I mean one of the dumbass fucking dating sites sites sites sites sites sites sites sites sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, okay I mean um I mean I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean well that was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio. We're up to so um you know um you know like um um episode 17 which which which which which which which which which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting through these okay like like like like like like like like like okay um well um so you know episodes but we get to meet and interact interact interact interact interact interact interact interact interact with a lot of different people. And um you know you know I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay I mean well today I have another very special guest who who who who who who who who who goes by the Instagram handle of uh I mean well like I mean um well you you you you you you you you you know grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for having having having having having having having having having me. No um like you know well well so like uh worries at at at at at at at at at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, Sorry, Sorry, Sorry, Sorry, Sorry, Sorry, Sorry, Sorry, but sorry, but sorry, but sorry, but sorry, but sorry, but sorry, but sorry, but sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the the the the the the the the the end. Oh, um you know okay like uh you know I mean um um um um um um um um um no. Oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no no no no no no no no no oh no oh no oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation nation nation nation nation nation nation nation nation find your Saving Grace uh like you know like you know I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so uh like like you know you know it's about the coronavirus and and and and and and and and and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning uh like you know well well well well well well well well well so I mean okay you know of Doc season. So we're going to to to to to to to to to say that after today's episode. There will there will there will there will there will will will will will will will will will there will there will there will there will be no well you know well well well well well well well well well you know well I mean okay um more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a in a in a in a in a in a in in in in in in in in in a in a in a world where OG milk gets new work and I I I I I I I I I am I really um uh I mean so uh uh uh well following that that that that that that that that that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, I I I I I I I I I mean like well like okay like uh like you know where else far far away where where where where where where where where where it takes us months to create new merch but it's well I mean you know know know know know know know know know um like I mean uh uh finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's popping / stores / bogomil new uh well well so uh uh you know know know know know know know know know you know March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are super cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap ring.com doors okay okay so I mean uh like well uh /og Mill agah, agah, agah, agah, agah, agah, agah, agah, agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together. We got that shit okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well like you know okay together with the help of Jackie for for for for for for for for for Designing it. Thank you. So fucking much. We love you know like like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well um you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so there's so so so so so so so so so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so many many many many many many many many many different types of you know uh like okay well I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love it there there there there there there there there there sticker like um okay well you know well uh so hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this this this episode this episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess vigeland the uh you know I mean I mean um um okay like host of of of of of of of of of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going well um I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know uh um okay to explore the future of marketing. So you and and and and and and and and and your marketing team can stay I mean uh uh you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like you know ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with with with with with with with with with Google podcast drops uh like so so uh so well you know on March 5th. You can can can can can can can can can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to like so like like you know um um um um um um um um um you know you know podcasts. From Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman Goldman Goldman Goldman Goldman Goldman Goldman Goldman Goldman. Socks you socks you socks you socks you socks you socks you socks you socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks socks you socks you know well like well okay like you know like mmm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to tell you a story that I think you sort of uh you you you you you you you you you know so you know um okay I mean so remember but maybe don't know the the the the the the the the the details of okay, so last spring I went to well I mean okay like like like like like like like like like um I mean I mean so a therapist because I was having hard time time time time time time time time time with a bunch of stuff and I was well um um so so you know well well well well well well well well well you know complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff Episode you know uh so uh um like like uh 22 of Darren my fees fees fees fees fees fees fees fees fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to people okay like you you you you you you you you you know you know uh okay so um much more interesting than myself. I'm joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance I mean well so you know um um um um um um um um um so okay uh. Yes. I'll listen. So how so how so how so how so so so so so so so so so how so how so how so how so how this one she's got a mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage. I'm on the first I mean uh okay um like okay um okay amount of of of of of of of of of often the focus. Thank you very much for having me alone you know uh so well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay so. We were just discussing how this is a test of of of of of of of of of your own medicine because well um uh okay you know um so um you run run run run run run run run run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go well um okay so so so so so so so so so so uh like you know on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, it's weird for me to be you know so okay well like so you you you you you you you you you know okay somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give give give give give give give give give um okay so uh well uh um like it my best real lovely. I I I I I I I I I also feel bad as well because obviously this like I mean you know I I I I I I I I I mean um uh um um morning you were on the road. It was on on on on on on on on on a phone in or do you have um so um um you know um you you you you you you you you you know um to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from from from from from from from from from uh I mean like you know uh I mean uh I mean the house. So So So So So So So So So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day uh you know know know know know know know know know you know I mean well so I mean well events, and I was on on on on on on on on on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and and and and and and and and and I'm um like like like um like okay like here to tell you about about about about about about about about about our family what you guys the reason why you are listening um like like like like like like like like like like you know well like well well to the guys next door. Anchor. This is is is is is is is is is a an amazing platform for anybody well so uh you know uh uh well well well well well well well well well um out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your your your your your your your your your like um well you know like like you know okay voice heard out out out out out out out out out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the so so like like like like like like like like like like I mean like well uh easiest way to make a podcast. So let let let let let let let let let me explain it's free. There's Creation there's Creation there's Creation there's Creation there's Creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's Creation there's Creation there's Creation there's Creation you know you know um I I I I I I I I I mean um um okay like tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your podcast from your phone or like you know uh you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard um okay well um um like you know okay on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not you know I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so um I mean even pushing you could really make money from your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's um well um well um you know so well well well well well well well well well everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch ranch ranch ranch ranch ranch ranch ranch ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch yeah, watch yeah, watch yeah, watch yeah, watch yeah, watch yeah, watch yeah, watch yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from from from from from from from from from today's guests like you know like uh you know so I mean uh are love love love love love love love love love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the gradient a creative okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like uh you know okay recruiting platform before that that that that that that that that that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the brand side at so uh like like like like like like like like like you know like um you know like companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working working working working working working working working working on a masters at Harvard okay well well well okay so like you know Bennett Bennett Bennett Bennett Bennett Bennett Bennett Bennett Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well like uh well so then worked as a journalist in the marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing trade World. They joined forces a few like you know like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well so months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the the the the the the the the the coming weeks. Here are okay okay well like so uh I mean uh a couple highlights highlights highlights highlights highlights highlights highlights highlights highlights from our conversation. Love told love told love told love told love told love told told told told told told told told told love told love told love told us why she wanted to start okay you you you you you you you you you know so I mean I mean well I mean I mean the gradient. And And And And And And And And And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just hey just hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just you know know know know know know know know know like like um um well so um jokes listeners before we get into into into into into into into into into this episode. I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd like I'd like I'd like to take a moment to thank you know know know know know know know know know so so okay well so okay well our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a like okay okay you you you you you you you you you know uh okay so um podcast. It's free. It's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't cost any money. That's why why why why why why why why why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why why why why why why why why why that's why we use it so like so well so you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right well well well well well well well well well well like well um uh um so from your phone and computer makes it very simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple and color distributes your pockets for uh um uh so I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can can can can can can can can can make money so well uh like so well um uh from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast I mean um you know know know know know know know know know I mean well uh I mean okay right in one place download the free free free free free free free free free a tinker app or go to Anchor uh I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um well uh dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that works. That was good cool. I well I mean you know well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean I mean um started I started I don't give a fuck. I I I I I I I I I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory victory um okay um so um um you know I mean victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan Obi-Wan Obi-Wan Obi-Wan Obi-Wan Obi-Wan Obi-Wan Obi-Wan Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side you know okay so like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to to to to to to to to to the last okay I mean so I mean I mean um I mean so so so so so so so so so missions. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is this is this is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast series chronicling um you know like um uh uh I mean uh the final season season season season season season season season season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay okay okay you know like uh Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very very very very very very very very very excited. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like like like like it's like it's like it's like so well uh um so okay so 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 Towers weekend. And we've and we've and we've and we've and we've and we've and we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've and we've and we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in you know know know know know know know know know okay like I mean you know so well um the world here in the suppressor suppressor suppressor suppressor suppressor suppressor suppressor suppressor suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu well uh like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay um grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world world world world world world world world world. He does a bit um um okay okay like so um you know of everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is not just so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean okay well I mean because he's a champion off the water, but but but but but but but but but he's done some amazing things off the um um um you know um uh you you you you you you you you you know uh water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate. Yeah, like like uh well like well like um good. Thanks for having having having having having having having having having me. So I'm going to get here. So you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd In the you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well um well um uh Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready for the bit of of of of of of of of of wind coming on the weekend 12 towers you know okay so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean I mean are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking not so good about seven days ago um well okay um like you know know know know know know know know know like I mean and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going to be fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun. I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I uh I uh I uh you know you know I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name name name name name name name name name is well you know well you know you know you know like you know AC AC AC AC AC AC AC AC AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We like okay I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean you know um I mean have Rebecca. We have have have have have have have have have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an like like like like like like like like like okay um well like I mean um you know interesting podcast because this is going going going going going going going going going to be take two because we so I was I mean so so you you you you you you you you you know so like um I mean sick two weeks ago. I was I was I I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was I was sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick sick two weeks ago. So it so it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it so it so it so it didn't do one then I mean well well like like like like like like like like like I mean um well okay and last week we did a podcast and you always have to to to to to to to to to have that one podcast where you know I mean I mean you know you know like like like like like like like like like uh like you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were were were were were were were were were doing so like well I mean so like so I mean it in a Dugout Dugout Dugout Dugout Dugout Dugout Dugout Dugout Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of like so so so so so so so so so like I mean well you know so so Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery Discovery Discovery Discovery Discovery Discovery Discovery Discovery Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of um okay so okay okay um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling the like you know well you know um like so so sleeping men were so exhausted exhausted exhausted exhausted exhausted exhausted exhausted exhausted exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under I mean um um um um um um um um um well okay uh so so so the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into into into into into into into into into Camp lured by bison meat so you know like okay so um uh you know know know know know know know know know that had been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean well well uh uh like snack on some humans humans humans humans humans humans humans humans humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the uh you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um so looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, one however, one however, one however, one however, one however, one however, one however, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know know know know know know know know know that our I mean okay um you know like okay well well podcast is supported supported supported supported supported supported supported supported supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's okay uh like like like like like like like like like um okay so you know you know the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh you know that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right from your okay I mean um well you know well well um phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins so okay you know know know know know know know know know like well uh well so will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple uh you know so well uh uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean uh so you know well like minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't talk. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make podcast in so like you you you you you you you you you know uh so well like so one place download the free anchor app or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to uh uh okay like okay like like like like like like like like like uh you know get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons Walk-Ons Walk-Ons Walk-Ons Walk-Ons Walk-Ons Walk-Ons Walk-Ons Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at um uh you know well okay so you know um you. We're hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys you know uh I I I I I I I I I mean well you know I mean um uh the Hawks of this year did did did did did did did did did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we you know well uh you know uh I mean like um talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business in this week week week week week week week week week uh well well um like so well so. We are we are we are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are going to to to to to to to to to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day this week so like okay so so so so so so so so so you know like okay you know. You are likely going to get an episode based based based based based based based based based on the topic of marketing um I mean so well so like so uh. So So So So So So So So So we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've so we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting with like okay okay so well you know uh like today's episode is Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Morrison. Mark is mark is mark is mark is mark is mark is mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark mark is mark is mark is actually a longtime friend of so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh I mean so I mean mine. He works for Intrigue media and and and and and and and and and he's here to talk with us about okay so well like you know you know so I I I I I I I I I mean acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but so so so so so so so so so okay like okay like I mean I mean okay the best clients into your business business business business business business business business business. How do I identify them and how um you know you know well well well well well well well well well so uh uh okay to get them into your business as leads and where to to to to to to to to to take it um um okay um okay uh okay like from there? So an awesome interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview coming up with Mark Morris and here uh um uh I mean like well so well well well well well well well well well. So without so without so without so without so without so without so so so so so so so so so without so without so without further Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison Morrison Morrison Morrison Morrison Morrison Morrison Morrison Morrison today. I'm joined like so I mean uh well you know um okay by Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Morrison. He is he is he is he is he is he is he he he he he he he he he is he is he is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital marketing you know I mean uh okay well you know um like services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make so I mean um you know like so well I mean a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record like well well well well well well well well well um well so you know uh so and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will will will will will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay okay I mean well uh like you. So it can be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms so like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um you know so. You can you can you can you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can make money from your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum and our listenership is okay you know I mean like um um um um um um um um um well like like everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download download download download download download download download download the free anchor um okay okay so well well like um app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to the well so so so so so so so so so okay uh well I mean I mean so node or a podcast is your host host host host host host host host host young row row the mayor holler at you know uh you know you know know know know know know know know know uh uh like uh a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is this what is this? like so I mean um um well you know uh I I I I I I I I I don't have really have a topic. I just I just I just I just just just just just just just just just I just I just I just I just I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean well uh well so okay podcast. So a big question that that that that that that that that that I get either via email or over on well um um okay so so so so so so so so so you know okay okay our YouTube channel is from people that are just getting started started started started started started started started started with their um I mean okay I mean um uh so well online store and and and and and and and and and they want to know what they actually have to get done um okay you you you you you you you you you know you know okay uh so well prior to launch. So kind of the technicality technicality technicality technicality technicality technicality technicality technicality technicality is right and this is um okay I mean okay okay okay so you you you you you you you you you know outside of how to pick a niche how to get suppliers how to to to to to to to to to get well I mean well well I mean well um so traffic all that that that that that that that that that stuff. You can learn more about on my free training over at okay like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh you know like Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link to to to to to to to to to that in the the description by the way Dropship I mean um you know know know know know know know know know okay so I mean okay so webinar.com, but once you know all that that that that that that that that that stuff and you kind of understand how to um okay you know so I mean like you you you you you you you you you know I mean build the business then the question is, well, what do you you you you you you you you you actually have to okay well um well so like uh uh get done before you you you you you you you you you make that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier well um like well well well well well well well well well like you know so you know before you get your first sale? So I want want want want want want want want want to cover a business checklist in this like you know you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh um podcast go over a couple different options you have and then let let let let let let let let let you know what I well so uh um okay uh um so do and what what what what what what what what what I recommend so with that being said, let's go okay well um I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know um you know ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad well so so so so so so so so so I mean so well you know so uh human being. I hope you enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two okay okay you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um I mean very much so good. Yes good. I was a a a a a a a a a safari I wasn't so hi everyone. We you know I mean like so like I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. Hi Johnny. How are how are how are how are how are how are are are are are are are are are how are how are how are uh okay uh okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break break break break break break break break break. Yep. Yeah you know uh I mean okay you know okay like um um um um um um um um um currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you had had had had had had had had had quite a uh like so you know uh like so uh sizable 2D. Yeah. It It It It It It It It It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during I I I I I I I I I mean uh well okay like you know uh like our lesson on English to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor um so like um I I I I I I I I I mean well okay um is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So if well like well you know well well like you know you you you you you you you you you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is what is what what what what what what what what what is what is what is what is what is what is what is um well I I I I I I I I I mean like well um well uh anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that that that that that that that that that you can use to create so um well well I mean um um okay and and and and and and and and and record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer uh okay um um um um um um um um um well you know okay okay okay anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I don't have to track down apple you know I mean well you know you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean um and Spotify and Google anything it does that that that that that that that that that all automatically for me. I just like you know uh um I mean like like like like like like like like like um well kind of click the button and it goes all by itself. You You You You You You You You You can uh um okay okay you know well um you know make money money money money money money money money money from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is I I I I I I I I I mean well okay well um so uh so an ad that I've written for for for for for for for for for them so that I can make a little bit uh uh okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay of money off of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? right right right right right right right right I can give like okay uh I mean um um like uh you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last the last the last the last the last the last the last the the the the the the the the the last the last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the the the the the the the the the 88th um um I mean um well uh like I mean episode of the the the the the the the the the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview you know um I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um I mean uh well show. We are going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going you know you know I I I I I I I I I mean like uh you know um uh to talk Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Towson, Towson, Towson, Towson, Towson, Towson, Towson, Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at I mean I mean um well um um so so so so so so so so so so Bryant Denver at Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Princeton Princeton Princeton Princeton Princeton Princeton Princeton Princeton Albany at Maryland well well you know I mean you know like so so so so so so so so so you know. Yell at yell at yell at yell at yell at yell at yell yell yell yell yell yell yell yell yell at yell at yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of Lacrosse to sneak uh so uh you know you know um well um um um um um um um um um into this show here before I get into it as always be sure to like like like like like like like like like subscribe well like okay so I mean I mean so okay hit the notification Bell Bell Bell Bell Bell Bell Bell Bell Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself some swag uh I I I I I I I I I mean uh like so like well well t-shirts. We have all sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that every single day and well well um um um um um um um um um um well well so you know then a little bit from our sponsor sideline sideline sideline sideline sideline sideline sideline sideline sideline swap best place by like I mean okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the the the the the the the the the yeah, the yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no no no no no no no no no more like hahaha. They so uh okay I mean okay like uh you you you you you you you you you know literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us us us us us us us us us. Yeah. Hey everybody uh like um okay so um so um. Welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my my my my my my my my my words uh so like okay I mean okay you know I mean because because because because because because because because because Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to like you know know know know know know know know know okay I mean so I mean I mean um the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a a a a a a a a a this I mean uh I mean so I mean okay um okay is my little kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um uh uh I mean would say if there is anyone listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening thank you for tuning in. We just need tuning I mean okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay uh like in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is is is is is is is is is this podcast about well, let you know well uh well you know like uh uh me me me me me me me me me tell you as you can. See the see the see the see the see see see see see see see see see the see the see the see the see the name is conspiracy a and and and and and and and and and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the quickie. This This This This This This This This This is Luke and I'm like you know uh okay okay um well um going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from okay well um um um um um um um um um uh so um you know okay Brandi Love about her and her her husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship I mean okay um um like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay tuned. Welcome to the so I mean so so so um uh so quickie and and and and and and and and and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard I mean uh well so so so so so so so so so so well um um about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a uh um you know uh uh well um you know podcast and and and and and and and and and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun it's fun it's fun it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free you know I mean so like so uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um you know so uh have conversations. Anyway, why not record it and make money money money money money money money money money while you're doing it well uh so okay I mean I mean uh okay. There There There There There There There There There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well so you know okay right from your phone or your computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica well well well well well well well well well well like so like so you know you know and Shay. I have just some some some some some some some some some random stuff. I want us to talk about well um like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um before we talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about about about about about about about about about how like um you know so like okay uh I mean we were reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers you know know know know know know know know know well um you know so uh like uh. We don't have to say anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it uh so well I mean like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean um Shea tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey Lachey Lachey Lachey Lachey Lachey Lachey Lachey Lachey or John Mayer after you know okay so okay okay I mean well uh reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean so okay uh um well a rock right now. I even even even even even even even even even went to his Instagram account. I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't follow him you know well well well well well well well well well so like uh well like I mean just to see if people were commenting. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's like the rabbit hole. I went down um well I mean like like like like like like like like like like you know like okay when I read this but that bad it's not that bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad. I went to his well I mean um uh so okay you know um Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here with Hannah burner well like uh I mean you know so so I I I I I I I I I mean from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I think think think think think think think think think okay like so so you know well so well you guys will think so, too too too too too too too too too. We're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording we're recording we're recording here from the Beverly Center and uh so okay well well well well well well well well well okay okay well um I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy guys. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here here here here here I'm here I'm here with well okay I mean so okay so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having having having having having having having having having well so well you know okay okay like okay me feels like comfortable in in in in in in in in in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was you know well uh well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so weird. I'm sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you like I mean well I mean I mean like um you you you you you you you you you know so much for coming. I like I like I like I like like like like like like like like like I like I like I like I like I like being here for many reasons, but but but but but but but but but first of all because uh like I mean so like I mean I mean okay I I I I I I I I I feel like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an an an an an an an an an uh like I mean okay okay so I mean like east coast and I'm seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic and so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like well okay uh cursing out everyone in my son. I see I I I I I I I I I see I see I see I see I see I see I see I I I I I I I I I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode This well I mean uh like so like um uh is actually going going going going going going going going going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once um well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay uh so a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So So So So So So So So So I'm just about to um I mean um you know well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like go live with him right now. And this and this and this and this and and and and and and and and and this and this and this and this and this is what you're going to to to to to to to to to be um well like uh you know um so uh hearing. So if you missed missed missed missed missed missed missed missed missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back um okay okay uh well well well well well well well well well you know well like on it. So here we go. There he is now in in in in in in in in in so we're going okay um well so uh you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to be able to get started in just a few seconds invited them to to to to to to to to to you know uh uh okay I mean okay so you know I not connecting and and and and and and and and and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up up up up up up up up up um um okay um uh well um well an embargo episode today. This This This This This This This This This has this has this has this has this has this has this has this has has has has has has has has has this has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So yeah, um uh I I I I I I I I I mean uh well like you know you know March Madness nothing going basketball fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look okay um well like you you you you you you you you you know um okay well similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the the the the the the the the the discussion at all I mean you know so okay so I mean so um previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure um um um um um um um um um so so well okay uh like like corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil oil oil oil oil oil oil oil oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian um like like like like like like like like like um you know um okay uh okay McDonough. Here's where here's where here's where where where where where where where where where here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where we are are are are are are are are are at this very moment. We know that in the United you know well I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean well like uh States the death toll has climbed to 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 in addition. We know that those cases um uh I mean so well well well well well well well well well I mean you know well are based in Washington state at a nursing home in in in in in in in in in Seattle. Most have occurred. The well well like well um so I mean uh number number number number number number number number number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean okay okay well like uh scattered across 15. It's with it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's with it's with it's with it's with it's with it's with it's with it's with with with with with with with with with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I well well you know so well well well well well well well well well uh well um mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the the the the the the the the the only one you know well well I mean um okay um like the nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County County County County County County County County County resident uh like I mean well uh you know uh okay who had visited visited visited visited visited visited visited visited visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Yeah so I mean so so you know so so uh. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, I mean you you you you you you you you you know like I mean I mean I mean well um no rush. Here we go. Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some uh well okay you know uh uh I I I I I I I I I mean so things today we go get into it. And basically we go talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the like uh okay I mean so you know um so system the system that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why that's why that's why why why why why why why why why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why that's why you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh like you know okay uh like have a Mac bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get into it um well so well well well well well well well well well uh you know okay uh because a lot of people said, oh my God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God, you break down this boy. You okay uh okay like uh okay um I I I I I I I I I mean don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but I um um um um um um um um um okay I mean well you know uh I mean like get into into into into into into into into into what I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna okay so okay like like like like like like like like like uh okay so like talk about that. Also, it's also, it's also, it's also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, it's also, it's also, it's also, it's also, it's also, it's stuff that I get get get get get get get get get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club well well well well well well well well well uh uh well you know I mean I mean I mean with Hunter all conus conus conus conus conus conus conus conus conus. And today and today and today and today and today and today and and and and and and and and and today and today and today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually like you know know know know know know know know know you know you know so so you know okay talk about but let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he he he he he he he he he came I mean you know um I mean um I mean you know uh up with that that that that that that that that that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very you you you you you you you you you know I mean well so okay okay so you know proud of that. Okay. Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know uh and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am am am am am am am am am studying I'm studying you know um I mean uh uh um so well Information Information Information Information Information Information Information Information Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you are you are you are are are are are are are are are you are you are you are you are you are you from I'm from from from from from from from from from okay um um um um I mean I mean so Bountiful Utah the the the the the the the the the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served I served I served I I I I I I I I I served I served I served I served I served I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport Airport with an you know I mean uh like well okay um like air of confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as he uh well uh I I I I I I I I I mean so like you know like passed and strolled through security with a a a a a a a a a brief flash of his well so you know um uh I mean like uh security security security security security security security security security badge. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all um um um um um um um um um I mean uh you know so um like um the flight Personnel. He encountered Williams Williams Williams Williams Williams Williams Williams Williams Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested um you know so okay well well well well well well well well well okay okay well a flight to Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it was a common courtesy for Airlines to so well so so you know know know know know know know know know uh so you know offer free tickets to all Pilots regardless of what company they they they they they they they they they worked for after a I mean you know uh you know well uh like like like like like like like like like like quick look at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He He He He He He He He He was like you know so you know okay like you know um quickly assured aboard the the the the the the the the the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located well okay like like like like like like like like like um you know I mean so so next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and and and and and and and and and welcome so well uh um well I mean okay well to the passing shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to um well you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know well I mean the top in in in in in in in in in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone well I mean um um um um um um um um um you know so like well so and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by by by by by by by by by fans for fans with your okay you know like uh okay okay like um um um um um um um um um host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well well okay be digesting the last couple of weeks on the the the the the the the the the ATP and WTA tours and having so um okay like uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under okay so so so so so so so so so so um you know well I mean so Professor Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the the the the the the the the the owner and head instructor of CJ of you know you know you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so Texas in Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie um um um um um um um um um like like um uh well okay I mean Junior and Professor Cambodia and eventually down down down down down down down down down to me in the deep is my like I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well okay uh weekly podcast that I named to pay homage to the the the the the the the the the my God. Choice, but I mean so I mean okay okay um uh well also also also also also also also also also to cover some topics rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in in in in in in in in in the uh okay so um well I mean you know so academy. They're great great great great great great great great great they're great they're great they're great they're great they're great they're great they're great they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're great techniques, but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition you know so so so so so so so so so you know uh uh well you know I mean and respect just to name name name name name name name name name a few join me each week as I dive into these okay well okay like like like like like like like like like like okay uh okay topics and much more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business I I I I I I I I I mean like uh so so like um like needs Beauty. It's not just lipstick lipstick lipstick lipstick lipstick lipstick lipstick lipstick lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with so uh you know like like like like like like like like like you know okay well so business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to to to to to to to to to empower motivate and inspire you to take your well so um well um um um um um um um um um well like uh business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am I am I am super so uh well like well like like well excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa Deepa Deepa Deepa Deepa Deepa Deepa Deepa Deepa okay uh so okay so uh okay um teesta. Angie is a professional makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and you know you know okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um I mean she works on a variety of clients and projects and and and and and and and and and Beauty campaign to commercials well so I mean like so well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um like you know okay things. She's a full-time makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her well well well well okay you you you you you you you you you know well well about what it takes to be. Real professional real professional real real real real real real real real real professional real professional real professional real professional real professional real professional real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been it's been it's been it's been a while. I miss I miss I miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss I miss I miss I miss I miss I miss I miss you you you you you you you you you guys. Hope you hope you hope you hope you hope you hope you hope you you you you you you you you you hope you hope you uh well uh okay um uh you know okay guys are all all all all all all all all all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode like you know like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean you know you know so starts. I just want to give a quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick announcement. So the title of this I mean um well you know um um um um um um um um um uh I mean like podcast is called catch open me at the time that I I I I I I I I I started I mean okay I mean um like I mean you know okay this this this this this this this this this podcast. I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just well well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean uh uh talking about random stuff, you know catch up with with with with with with with with with me sounds like a good title. But uh um like you know okay okay you you you you you you you you you know so then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to to to to to to to to to figure you know I mean uh I mean you know okay well well out what what what what what what what what what the theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of okay well uh I mean like I mean you know well the things things things things things things things things things that we covered from the past few episode is about mental well like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay you know health growing up and things we deal with as a a a a a a a a a teenager or as um uh uh um you know you know uh I mean a a a a a a a a a young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast I mean uh um um um um um um um um um uh uh um uh uh will be basically growing up. I finally figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure out what the theme of this podcast should uh um uh so I I I I I I I I I mean uh well um be. So basically growing up is going to be be be be be be be be be having guess hopping onto so you know uh I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh the podcast and basically having them share what they think is is is is is is is is is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean I mean well uh so you know upper decker decker decker decker decker decker decker decker decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your um you know well well well well well well well well well um okay like so so boy Brett and the boys are back in town town town town town town town town town baby episode 4. So you know you know okay I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay we've got a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going going going going going going going going going to get I mean well so uh okay well uh so into our AL AL AL AL AL AL AL AL AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that uh so so you know know know know know know know know know you know uh okay you know stuff. So the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the so the so the so the so the so the only real big news that that that that that that that that that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little little little little little little little little little like um you know well okay you know so um Daniel. Let me let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me lay lay lay lay lay lay lay lay lay him down. So he's so he's so he's so he's so he's so he's so so so so so so so so so he's so he's so he's I'm staring at him. He's there on you know know know know know know know know know you know like I mean well okay you know I mean the floor and and and and and and and and and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to okay um like like like like like like like like like I mean you know I mean so uh let me do this because he doesn't usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually we'll see but in this episode like um um I mean like so well well well well well well well well well like I am going to talk about why we decided to buy an old house house house house house house house house house some of I mean okay so you know uh okay well okay the questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions that I get about buying an old house and some of the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh well uh uh well so safety concerns and what to look look look look look look look look look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old well okay okay you know like like like like like like like like like I mean uh like house and then make sure to stay all the way way way way way way way way way to the end because um um okay uh like so so um I just just just just just just just just just started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it well well well well well well well well well uh well I mean well uh like I mean where I answer a random random random random random random random random random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six and so you know know know know know know know know know like like so I mean uh okay creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on on on on on on on on on Boone join me as I share uh well uh so so so well well well well well well well well well like with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, I'm hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter and the topic I mean well um you know you know know know know know know know know know so uh uh of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in in in in in in in in in life. This is well uh you know okay so okay I mean well well well well well well well well well something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is is is is is is is is is you're okay I mean okay you know uh so like you know not going going going going going going going going going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to feel like okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well okay uh so things are going to work out in your favor. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're not always going to feel I mean I mean okay uh so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really great uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh well like you know like uh and you're going to be be be be be be be be be full of passion and feel inspired. And other days it's okay like um like like like like like like like like like I mean well um like going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working working working working working working working working working out and you're just a ridiculous I mean well uh well you know so like like like like like like like like like uh hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and your your your your your your your your your life telling so um uh you know okay I mean okay like you what a a a a a a a a a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that business you want to uh I mean you you you you you you you you you know like well you know you know uh build or that career you want to have have have have have have have have have is just unrealistic for you. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so um so well um so so so I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This is just just just just just just just just just I mean I mean so you know um you know like okay March. This is is is is is is is is is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have described in like um um um um um um um um um I mean like okay um okay uh the last couple of episodes. We have a a a a a a a a a very high bar on the show well uh so okay um um um um. And this this this this this this this this this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest I mean um um um um um um um um um um okay um uh um like month that we have on the calendar and as I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've always stated it well like okay you know so um like you know is is is is is is is is is the goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the the the the the the the the the best okay I mean so okay I mean so um so coverage that he or she she she she she she she she she can get on a regular basis and you think about the I mean I I I I I I I I I mean so like well I mean well I mean idea of transcending a space and you think think think think think think think think think about the great speeches that we well I mean you know okay well um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay have had in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the the the the the the the the the well I mean um I mean well uh so uh great words of dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought me well okay okay so so so so so so so so so um you know you know um on the ride over to the the the the the the the the the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to to to to to to to to to you know so so um like well you know I mean a motto and and and and and and and and and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess so okay like um um um um um um um um um um okay so well Addison also known as her a team and I wonder with with with with with with with with with all those a names do I mean well I mean okay I mean like so so so so so so so so so like you get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in like like like like like like like like like um uh like uh like uh I mean criminal justice. She is a certified certified certified certified certified certified certified certified certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee you know you know like well well well well well well well well well like well you know well with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family family family family family family family family family currently, she and her husband uh okay um you know um okay so so so so so so so so so uh served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California California California California California California California California California. However, okay however, okay however, okay however, okay however, okay however, okay however, okay however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, however, okay however, okay well okay well like um so okay she feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am not dead. This is Bryson Bryson Bryson Bryson Bryson Bryson Bryson Bryson Bryson and I'm okay you know I mean you know well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How How How How How How How How How is everything? so like well like like um you know like How are you you you you you you you you you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just like okay um um um um um um um um um um okay so I mean well chilling in your room or you really sad about about about about about about about about about it or what's going on? Your uh uh okay so well well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay first love is always like you never forget your first right? I feel so so so so so so so so so well uh well I mean okay um so I mean I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the the the the the the the the the medium and uh okay uh like um you know uh you know together. We are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are the the the the the the the the the witch and the medium. Life's full life's full life's full life's full life's full life's life's life's life's life's life's life's life's life's full life's full life's full life's full of tough choices in it. Oh so well well well well well well well well well I mean you know okay I mean so uh and there's one more thing. We We We We We We We We We haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we we we we we we we we we haven't we haven't discussed the subject of payment, but I like so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh you know so don't have I'm not asking much just a token token token token token token token token token really a trifle what I want okay like you know like well um um uh from from from from from from from from from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I have your your your your your your your your your looks you know you know uh I mean I mean okay well um your pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your it's your it's your it's your your your your your your your your your it's your it's your it's your it's your it's your girl Gina and and and and and and and and and Rachel. We are friends so uh you know well um so okay um um um um um um um um um from way back speaking Our Truth. We are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are so glad you are so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean okay um I mean like so here with us today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and you know uh uh you you you you you you you you you know like so okay um we're coming from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we we we we we we we we we are together today um you know like uh um um well well and feeling so excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories you know so okay so so so so so so so so so um uh you know um so welcome to true too true. So to me, that's right right right right right right right right right. The two of us speaking um like so I mean you know you you you you you you you you you know um like are true too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk um you know okay like uh um you know well about our story for a a a a a a a a a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How you how you how you you you you you you you you you how you how you how you how you how you how you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know okay I mean um I mean do we express this? this this this this this this this this How do we what do we think of what we title this? this this this this this this this this like okay okay uh um um you know um And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage um like you know well um well I mean uh all of you to download the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM I mean so uh um um um um um um um um um uh uh so okay to get started on this. It has made it. So easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy guys, I did not um okay uh okay um okay um so know, you you you you you you you you you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I if I if I if if if if if if if if if I if I if I if I if I if I had only only only only only only only only only known it okay you know like okay uh you know um uh like like like like like like like like like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay I mean you know well um I mean anchor. I have record record record record record record record record record my voice in it and just click post and anchor like uh um um um um um um um um um uh so um uh um will do all the job for me. It will publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish it in all you know um um so uh I mean okay well the the the the the the the the the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need need need need need need need need need okay uh so um I mean okay so okay to do anything else else else else else else else else else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know I mean so you know um make use of it. If you you you you you you you you you have a message if you have some come well well well so so uh you know know know know know know know know know you know content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or or or or or or or or or simply you know um um okay so okay so like want to post something make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to so uh so um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know you know buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have I have restarted my uncle more than a I mean well uh um well well well well well well well well well uh okay okay practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you you you you you you you you you so um so I mean you know um okay like enjoy this one. If If If If If If If If If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if you if you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on so so so so so so so so so well like um you know well like um social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, um well you know well you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on on on on on on on on on iTunes, I would love you I mean well um uh um okay well I mean to to to to to to to to to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you think of it um um um um um um um um um I mean so so like well like you know. Welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with the lovely uh you know know know know know know know know know so uh so okay I mean well Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or or or or or or or or or I mean you know like you know like you know like uh reflect those of of of of of of of of of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the uh I I I I I I I I I mean like okay you know so you know uh guests and the colors do not reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the so uh well you know so you you you you you you you you you know uh okay management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and and and and and and and and and strict on so um I mean uh um um um uh but no by at go go go go go go go go go by in a module on barring my muscle cell so like uh I I I I I I I I I mean you know like um uh and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo Drogo Drogo Drogo Drogo Drogo Drogo Drogo Drogo. I know I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know know I know I know I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what what what what what what what what what keeps Runners you know I mean I mean okay so okay so um running running running running running running running running running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been running for a a a a a a a a a few you know uh I mean okay I mean so well okay years now and and and and and and and and and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my travels uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh so okay all across the country. This podcast this podcast this this this this this this this this this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast is is is is is is is is is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome back. I um I mean well you know know know know know know know know know so so um I mean am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, thanks yo, thanks yo, thanks yo, thanks yo, thanks yo, thanks yo, thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks yo, thanks so much for joining today well I mean so okay so I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's start with let's start okay so well like um uh you know well with an an an an an an an an an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What What What What What What What What What so you know well okay okay well okay I mean you know, you can't explain. But But But But But But But But But you feel it. You felt it your entire life so uh so so uh you you you you you you you you you know I mean um. That there's that there's that there's that there's that there's that that that that that that that that that there's that there's that there's that there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have our uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like um I mean you know well um manager manager manager now now now now now now now now now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my um so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so uh so best friend good friends of ours and both of them them them them them them them them them - yeah, so um like so I mean uh like well like we want to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to them because they are the key ingredients to okay uh you know know know know know know know know know um like well like you know this major event coming up in April April April April April April April April April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th I mean okay um well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know 2020 the bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's official title. Basically you know uh okay uh well um um like like like like like like like like like like a whole weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, what's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe so so so so so so so so so well you know like so okay like uh 20 along with D4. And today and and and and and and and and and today and today and today and today and today and today and today and and and and and and and and and today we brought in a special guest from you know so you know know know know know know know know know I mean um you know well you know way back in the day. So stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay tuned with us and find out who okay well um I mean like you know know know know know know know know know like um it is. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss heart attack like I mean I mean like um um um like. So what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like well okay well okay so well um long time no see yeah, it's been been been been been been been been been it's been a minute, right? It has been you know I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um so so a hot minute like nine years. I know it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's crazy. Like I get to um like like you know well um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh check up on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, I I I I I I I I I mean well well okay I mean like well uh we talked randomly and and and and and and and and and stuff like that. So not as much I guess for you you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like I mean uh you know um and I but as far far far far far far far far far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about that's about about about about about about about about about that's about that's about that's about that's about that's about that's about that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's about OverWatch I mean um like well so so okay so. I'm always amazed with with with with with with with with with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always always always always always always always always always I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always amazed with your hosting you you you you you you you you you know I mean well okay okay uh uh um skills. I mean, I wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't really listening to you. I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was tuning you out um well like I mean so like like like like like like like like like I mean uh. I've already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome. We have okay I mean you know okay so okay well okay a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um uh I mean I mean okay uh same teams play for the last last last last last last last last last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like you know know know know know know know know know you know like like so um you know. Thanks both thanks both thanks both thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks both thanks both thanks both thanks both thanks both thanks both of you you you you you you you you you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening so I mean well um so so so so so so so so so um so um back to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that that that that that that that that that bad like you know uh well like like okay I mean right on on on on on on on on on this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I so uh so so so so so so so so so like like okay you know um saw you live say I did not that bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad. But what I'm doing is I'm like like I mean I mean uh I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so I'm so happy about uh you know okay uh like I mean um well it it it it it it it it it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't like um you know well you know well uh okay think of to like, I woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together on on on on on on on on on this you know okay well well well okay well well leading-edge experience by saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying to you that you really are the creator of your own like you know um um um um um um um um um uh well um um uh reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans beans beans beans beans beans beans beans beans that you uh okay uh okay you know I mean uh like are are are are are are are are are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast contrast okay okay uh I mean I mean I mean so well is causing you to expand expand expand expand expand expand expand expand expand and add to the reality of the greater Source I mean like okay so so so so so so so so so uh um you know I mean. In other words. You are you are you are you you you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you are you are creating the reality of of of of of of of of of who you are as the eternal well well uh uh well so so so so so so so so so so you know. Well being that you are and you are also in the process of creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating the so okay you know um um I mean um like reality of how you feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel right now this red hot minute and we want uh uh you know I I I I I I I I I mean okay like you know okay those realities to merge and the only only only only only only only only only way that those realities can merge I mean okay I mean um I mean you you you you you you you you you know like well is for you to come with us in other words because because because because because because because because because we're not going with you. We so you know uh um like like uh you you you you you you you you you know are not going to complain with you about the injustices of your world because because because because because because because because because um well so uh um uh so okay we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode includes discussions you know like uh well like well like I mean of violence and and and and and and and and and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise I mean well well well well well well well well well so well so okay so like Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 17 year old Alia ta was okay well okay um okay uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when when when when when when when when when she I mean um you know I mean you know like well I mean heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle you know uh uh well uh you know I mean uh Carter asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very well so I I I I I I I I I mean well uh like I mean so uh. They had just started volunteering together together together together together together together together together at a children summer camp a few weeks okay um uh like um you you you you you you you you you know I mean um earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So So So So So So So So So she replied to Michelle's okay um um you know like so you know like like like like like like like like like message telling her she was about to head out to a party Ali thought that that that that that that that that that would so you know uh um okay well I mean so be the end of of of of of of of of of it. But Michelle but Michelle but Michelle but Michelle but Michelle but Michelle but Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle but Michelle but Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously and obviously and obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously and obviously and obviously and obviously and obviously and obviously and obviously I'm Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Lachey. Welcome to the Love okay like well you know okay um you know well well well well well well well well well is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were we were we were were were were were were were were were we were we were we were we were we were we were Union Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes reuniting here. Here well here well here well here well here well here well here well well well well well well well well well here well here well okay okay like uh uh uh uh. We are we are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has. Hi guys you know know know know know know know know know so you know well um um uh like. So good to see you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with blind. I um um uh so you you you you you you you you you know you know like like Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya Ya Ya Ya Ya Ya Ya Ya Ya betta is that I don't you know um like so okay so so you know know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, but it did. It did it did it did it did it did it it it it it it it it it did it did it did it did feel good to have the family all back together together together together together together together together together well uh um I mean you know like um I mean. So good good good good good good good good good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually talk with the contestants like like like like like like like like like like so I mean uh uh like uh and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past past past past past past past past past and like like well well well I mean you know okay is intended to communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner uh uh um like like like like like like like like like uh I mean like uh any reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race race race race race race race race race religion is factual in I mean so uh uh like um so you know know know know know know know know know nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is like like like like like like like like like so you know like so like so I mean based on the the the the the the the the the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like well well um an opinion statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or or or or or or or or or any of their employees. Ploys like uh well okay I mean you know so um newscaster newscaster newscaster newscaster newscaster newscaster newscaster newscaster newscaster bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh um uh you know like name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um like okay well like like. Its heroines week and every day we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're telling you the story of a heroine start well well you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside the outside in well okay so like okay um well um the chewing chewing chewing chewing chewing chewing chewing chewing chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know okay like you know well um from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Sybil Sybil Sybil Sybil Sybil Sybil Sybil Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have you know okay like uh okay you know know know know know know know know know well I mean helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is is is is is is is is is the story that so I mean well you know okay so so um people have have have have have have have have have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called called called called called called called called called you know uh okay like like okay well I mean the United States the British and and and and and and and and and Americans were War. It was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this this this episode this episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with with with with with with with with you know like okay um well okay okay uh Ford copilot 360 a suite suite suite suite suite suite suite suite suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to uh I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay like like help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on on on on on on on on on the road. They're smart well um um I mean I mean so okay you know and and and and and and and and and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through through through through through through through through through the you know I mean okay okay you know like well like Streets of of of of of of of of of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in the shingles so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay I mean I mean like rattled outside. It was nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a so um uh you know uh you you you you you you you you you know okay uh small dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna South Kant was well I mean uh so I mean you know know know know know know know know know like you know locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt felt felt felt felt felt felt felt felt an evil so um I mean well well you know you know uh presence presence presence presence presence presence presence presence presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions of life I mean I mean you know you know so like um um um um um um um um um so through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your your your your your your your your your host like like like uh uh like so okay Dustin Kensrue and my hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and Divergent well I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean like you know well like backgrounds and beliefs. We We We We We We We We We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique perspectives like um um um um um um um um um um you know okay uh um I mean. And there and there and there there there there there there there there there and there and there and there and there and there and there is no possibility of of of of of of of of of certainty you can have a yes they did to you know well I mean like like like like like like like like like like uh uh uh do to live and to act but certainty the things most of us us us us us us us us us believe well you know okay well so um um like 40 years ago. However certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain however certain however certain however certain however certain however certain however certain however certain however however however however however however however however however certain we were about them. We don't we don't we don't we don't we don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't we don't we don't we don't we don't we're not well I mean so so so so so so so so so I mean okay um uh well certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to to to to to to to to to uh uh you know okay um I mean I mean uh you from the Arizona cactus cactus cactus cactus cactus cactus cactus cactus cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you I mean um okay so I I I I I I I I I mean like like um doing? Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just thinking about these fucking pervs so uh you know okay like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay. I know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to two like I mean you know okay you know uh well like girls and and and and and and and and and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's G-rated G-rated G-rated G-rated G-rated G-rated G-rated G-rated G-rated you know well you know so uh I mean um okay. Well, maybe well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why so um so so so so so so so so so well uh um um um or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna catch up on some Netflix you know uh I mean so well okay you know know know know know know know know know I mean. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has been been been been been been been been been divided um so uh um I mean like so well into two parts. This is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is part 2 in which we talk about Tim Cohen's so um so so so so so so so so so uh like you know um um book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and and and and and and and and and which Tim not only um uh I mean so like so you know you you you you you you you you you know claims. The Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are are are are are are are are are fascinating discussions. So, um I mean well I mean uh I mean uh uh please enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night the night the night the the the the the the the the the night the night the night the night the night the night may be long and so so so so so so so so so uh you know um uh okay okay so the dark maybe deep but the the the the the the the the the answers are there to be found whether um um like okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place place place place place place place place place. Let's go beyond like like like I mean I mean um like um reality Our Guest Guest Guest Guest Guest Guest Guest Guest Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup of um like like like like like like like like like like like you know so okay okay tea. We're going to be talking about that next next next next next next next next next. But before we do just a quick reminder like um okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet and subscribe just you know um well you know I mean you know um um um um um um um um um you know search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no no no no no no no no no well so you know well like you know so you know Gation no fee. It's all all all all all all all all all it's all it's all it's all it's all it's all it's all it's all all all all all all all all all it's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your your your your your your your your your day. This um I mean I mean I mean okay uh you know um is is is is is is is is is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on the the the the the the the the the call well uh like uh so um um you know. Whenever you find time time time time time time time time time that we can come together and pray this one on so uh well like like like like like like like like like okay well like like this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just going to uh I mean um so you know like um I mean pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray pray for you on this morning and leave my South out of it I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm staying like okay you know I mean you know so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay home from from from from from from from from from work, you know I mean um I mean well like like like but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted to make sure like like like like like like like like like like well I mean uh uh you know like that I got on the prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer call before I went back uh well so well okay um you know well to to to to to to to to to bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for for for for for for for for for your week. Let us let us let us let us let us let us let us let us let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate of um um um uh okay uh um okay Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature uh well so like uh so okay so films films films films films films films films films Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh so okay you know um I mean. If you enjoy these episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast well um um um um um um um um um uh so uh I mean I mean well every Wednesday. We tell we tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell we tell we tell we tell we tell we tell we tell we tell the the the the the the the the the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and well you know well you know well well well well well well well well well so like um possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you you you you you you you you you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds I mean so so uh uh well like uh flash flash flash flash flash flash flash flash flash past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute well well well well well well well well well uh like you know um so well I mean Ebola with Brigade is sushil sushil sushil sushil sushil sushil sushil sushil sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear you know I mean I I I I I I I I I mean you know like so okay like separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my hoodie okay okay um you know okay okay okay so so so so so so so so so. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well I mean okay you know I mean Karu to yeah, he he he he he he he he he shares this court is about basically making self. So okay okay well so you you you you you you you you you know you know well um skilled kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card card card card card card card card card. You can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are are are are are are are are are okay okay so so okay I mean well um there to be found whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're okay uh okay okay uh like like like like like like like like like okay um in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show you know know know know know know know know know so um you know so okay um so tonight. I'm really excited to have Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also like so like uh okay you you you you you you you you you know uh so a renowned psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this this this this this this this this this level you know so um uh like well like um of awareness if if if if if if if if if they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's I mean okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh like I mean mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands in in in in in in in in in their way of I mean okay um uh uh well so okay achieving this Kelly. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to be on reality great to have you here like well uh like like well um um um um um um um um um um tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter of mine. You sound okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh uh okay well you know um like you might be getting over something something something something something something something something something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in like like like um I mean I I I I I I I I I mean um like Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain at about 11:00. Deed and deed and deed and deed and deed and deed and and and and and and and and and deed and deed and deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if if if if if if if if if well um okay well you know I mean I mean okay you want to stay spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported so well um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um well that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with with with with with with with with with a production crew Link in the okay so like like like I mean well I I I I I I I I I mean description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was was was was was was was was was certainly going okay like I mean you know um so well um to be 2020s Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette. Well that well that well that well that well that well that well that that that that that that that that that well that well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced announced announced announced announced announced announced announced announced uh um I mean like you know well so well as next season's leading leading leading leading leading leading leading leading leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming okay okay um like I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean uh something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so so so so so so so so so she has to well okay I mean so well uh you know I I I I I I I I I mean be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have have have have have have have have have I mean so um okay um uh like like been filming this is unconfirmed. But But But But But But But But But as but as but as but as but as but as but as but but but but but but but but but as but as of right now I see no other uh um um I I I I I I I I I mean so uh so okay explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me me me me me me me me me know your thoughts down in the comments below okay like like um so well um okay. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if but if but but but but but but but but but if but if but if but if but if but if but if you're new new new new new new new new new okay you know um like so uh I mean um to Clare Crawley, I just just just just just just just just just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So you know so well um I I I I I I I I I mean well you know well check that out on this channel and make make make make make make make make make sure you check out so so well um okay um so well our Bachelor after after after after after after after after after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are we are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we are getting ready okay well like you know um I mean well well for the word word word word word word word word word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker okay um um um um um um um um um um uh so like so okay sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland. She I mean I mean so you know you you you you you you you you you know um okay well works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor pastor pastor pastor pastor pastor pastor pastor pastor in suburban Chicago she I mean um you know well like you know so so so so so so so so so uh serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves serves serves serves serves serves serves serves serves on I mean okay so okay I mean uh well you know the committee. That That That That That That That That That would that would that would that would that would that would that would that would would would would would would would would would that would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and so so so so so so so so so okay um uh well well uh well events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's a um um well well uh so well well CO chair person of the Irish Irish Irish Irish Irish Irish Irish Irish Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had like I mean okay uh like like like like like like like like like I mean well uh some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before curricula before curricula before before before before before before before before before curricula before curricula before curricula before curricula before curricula before curricula before most notably notably notably notably notably notably notably notably notably the Australian curriculum with uh so well okay well you know well okay Laura Alfre. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also uh I mean you you you you you you you you you know um okay uh I mean um talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 66 and Dan with the you know well you know so well um so um um um um um um um um um Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the so so so so so so so so so the so the so the so the so the so the so the so so so so so so so so so the people who okay so well uh um so um so listen to our our our our our our our our our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas uh um you know know know know know know know know know um I mean okay uh uh of the world. So we're going to keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep finding people who know them well to like okay uh you know like like like like like like like like like uh um um explain them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and and and and and and and and and Dragons so you know well like so uh I mean so. I'm one of of of of of of of of of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie - you know um um um um um um um um um I mean like I mean um okay uh man. That's right. And this week week week week week week week week week we are going to be talking about creating like well well um so like so so so so so so so so so you know character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering answering answering answering answering answering answering answering answering lesser questions like uh so I mean uh like you know I mean again because because because because because because because because because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of like um um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know you know them. So send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it it it it it it it it it next time so uh um so um well okay like but before all that Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since I mean so so so so so so so so so like well so okay like well we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D D&D D&D D&D D&D D&D D&D D&D D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah I mean uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um like uh. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played played played played played played played played played a lot uh like I mean okay like like so okay of of of of of of of of of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make um okay I I I I I I I I I mean like so you know you know okay a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well uh so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will will will will will will will will will distribute your podcast like like well you know you know uh well you know for for for for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more more more you can okay well well you know so um um you know make money from from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make you know I I I I I I I I I mean you know um okay so um so a podcast in one place. Download the the the the the the the the the download the download the download the download the download the download the download the the the the the the the the the download the free anchor app or go to incurred like you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so I mean so on FM to get started. Welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to the wish well podcast a woman's so uh you know I mean like well well well well well well well well well you know uh integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by by by by by by by by by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified I mean so you know um well um um well well well well well well well well well anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This This This This This This This This This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape escape escape escape escape escape escape escape escape with Ford so so so well you know well so so copilot 360 a a a a a a a a a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you you know know know know know know know know know like you know okay uh like you know um outsmart some of the the the the the the the the the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart they're smart they're smart they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're smart they're smart they're smart they're smart they're smart they're smart and then there's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay I mean uh I mean so I mean Street Smart the completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is today is today is today is today is today today today today today today today today today is today is today is today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this well like um um um um um um um um um uh I mean okay um I mean day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a allen a a a a a a a a a allen a allen a allen a allen a allen a allen a a a a a a a a a allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh well okay well strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late late late late late late late late late. One night. Kim was the first so so um okay so you know like like like like like like like like like like victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the Santa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, hi late, hi late, hi late, hi late, hi late, hi late, late, late, late, late, late, late, late, late, hi late, hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working working working working working working working working working on my Saturday night like um uh I mean like so uh so talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow ending uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um well well you know okay with other work and Purim stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know you know um okay and now I always try to put together together together together together together together together together something as I mentioned the okay okay you know uh you know so um okay other other other other other other other other other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there something going going going going going going going going going to like you know uh so okay okay so uh shop a super work work work work work work work work work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or like well well I I I I I I I I I mean so um okay okay not? Because they always write a five or six six six six six six six six six or seven page Arturo whatever you know so um so like you know you you you you you you you you you know well couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, you you you you you you you you you know know, um like I mean uh um well okay you know you you you you you you you you you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front front front front front front front front front well you know so like you know you know I mean well of me. So hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote uh okay uh uh okay you you you you you you you you you know um uh me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean so so uh I mean you know bit of how we we we we we we we we we started with here on anchor and one of the best things uh well uh so so I I I I I I I I I mean um okay about anchor it's free. This is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast uh okay I mean like uh like well okay. There's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a lot of creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well like so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean podcast right from your phone or the computer. It's as it's as as as as as as as as as it's as it's as it's as it's as it's as it's as it's as easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy as that. So uh uh okay like well okay okay uh download download download download download download download download download the free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to I I I I I I I I I mean um uh okay I mean I mean I mean like get started check it it it it it it it it it out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing so I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well so I mean the title of this podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast. It It It It It It It It It means it means it means it means it means it means it means it it it it it it it it it means it means greatness from you know well so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh um Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's to talk about their their their their their their their their their story and I mean like so like um you know uh um their successes successes successes successes successes successes successes successes successes. It doesn't mean you have to be a CEO doesn't mean you have okay um um um um um um um um um well like okay I mean like so to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit you know um like like like like like like like like like uh okay um so I mean our website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed today's talk. Let me just well like so okay like um okay like ask you you you you you you you you you how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member um you know know know know know know know know know like I mean um like you know um. Can I see your hands? Wow, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh um I mean you know know know know know know know know know you know so I mean okay you know good. You how about those who who who who who who who who who do not want to admit their age 30 like like so like um um um um um um um um um um like well above so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, emotion, emotion, emotion, emotion, emotion, emotion, emotion, emotion, like don't allow um you know you know uh you know like like well well well well well well well well well it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are are are you are you are you going to do stuff you want me to well so so so so so so so so so well uh uh like well uh introduce you? Okay, what's okay, what's okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's up guys? guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You well I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like uh I mean you know I mean already know who who who who who who who who who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So like so so uh you know know know know know know know know know I mean like I mean guys, how's it going? Okay, so Logan's my little little little little little little little little little from McMurray, but we're uh you know um you know so well okay I I I I I I I I I mean not going to mention McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went went went went went went went went went to tank you know so well uh uh you know you know like. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's all about the only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back okay you know like well well so like I mean to Abilene for alumni weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really I mean so you you you you you you you you you know well okay uh uh well don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't know know know know know know know know know why we going. All right so like you know so I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so guys before we jump into this episode. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to tell you real like um um um um um um um um um you know uh uh uh uh uh quick about anchor if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like you know like okay a podcast because everything you need is in one place. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you here here here here here here here here here so uh I mean okay I mean like I mean like today. I am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind of so well well well well well well well well well um well uh like well okay like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really uh I mean so I I I I I I I I I mean um so I mean uh know what to say about myself, but but but but but but but but but I guess I go to school well um um well um you know I mean like like like like like like like like like with a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay okay so uh um uh a polyamorous person or identify as as as as as as as as as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle like I mean um well okay um so so so so so so so so so like. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is is is is is is is is is the ability you know um well uh so okay well uh to love more more more more more more more more more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune so tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune so tune so tune so tune so tune so tune so tune so tune out if well well well well well well well well well you know I mean I mean okay um you know so you want to to to to to to to to to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that you know well like like like like like like like like like um so um okay um Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with with with with with with with with with a production crew Link in the I mean like um you know okay like like like like like like like like like you know okay description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that that that that that that that that that Maddie was certainly going to uh okay like um you know okay like like be be be be be be be be be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was was was was was was was was was announced as next uh like like okay well okay uh uh season's leading woman. So So So So So So So So So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh like you know um like okay after production wrapped, but she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the well like like so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie would have like uh um like uh uh I mean uh been filming this is is is is is is is is is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other like you know well well well well well well well well well you know I mean I mean well okay explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me me me me me me me me me know your thoughts down in the comments like uh well so I mean uh you you you you you you you you you know okay below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if if if if if if if if if you're new I mean I mean you know okay I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check check check check check check check check check that so okay okay well okay I mean okay uh out on this channel and and and and and and and and and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live so I mean you know know know know know know know know know um um uh like okay tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like you know um uh okay um so uh just like I I I I I I I I I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a uh um so so so so so so so so so so um um well I mean real real thing. You know, who loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met uh you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh um okay a lot of the three babies we have he is is is is is is is is is the one he so you know I mean you know well uh okay so so so so so so so so so is the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what what what what what what what what what um uh like well like uh um well is that and home pod? And And And And And And And And And he will point to it. I'll pick well like I mean you know know know know know know know know know I mean uh I mean um him up. He'll touch it. It'll play play play play play play play play play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He like so so I I I I I I I I I mean um uh okay so loved music so much to the point where if if if if if if if if if he can't touch it I mean um uh I mean um okay uh like like like like like like like like like like he will start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about so so so so so so so so so like um like um you know uh you know this as like, I was kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're I mean you know um you you you you you you you you you know like so you know so going to how we're going to record this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, okay um um you know well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well he's like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the okay like like like like like like like like like uh you know um well okay so one eye open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh for those who are listening we I mean like okay so um uh like like like like like like like like like like are once again calling in because we will not we can't see each other at at at at at at at at at uh like I mean well uh uh well um the moment. Yeah, we have a a a a a a a a a restraining order each of us have ever starting order I mean well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay well so against the other. Yeah, she yeah, she yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, she yeah, she yeah, she yeah, she yeah, she yeah, she yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male male male male male male male male male you know um well I mean I mean okay uh uh. Hello. We're here. We're here here here here here here here here here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like okay okay so top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and and and and and and and and and baseball and I not soccer um uh I mean um okay so like like like like like like like like like uh he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball and well okay uh so okay okay so so hockey I play soccer. Do you you you you you you you you you want some sausage want me to start off? well uh okay so so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my so so so so so so so so so my so my so my so my so my so my so my so so so so so so so so so my okay so I mean you know I mean uh uh um first injury injury injury injury injury injury injury injury injury from way back when I was in eighth grade. It's written it's written it's written written written written written written written written written it's written it's written it's written it's written it's written it's written soccer and uh okay so so so so so so so so so you know I mean you know like so this one. This wife this wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife this wife this wife this wife this wife this wife this wife this wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and and and and and and and and and I'm I mean like okay so like you know you know okay Beth Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just like like like like like like like like like you know I mean like well like um so keep doing what you're doing pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull pull up a chair in your heart come chat with you know um uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um like us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Jenna. Hi Beth so you know well you know uh well uh uh. So So So So So So So So So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about it since since since since since since since since since like like um like so so okay like last week when we recorded together together together together together together together together together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to introduce sister on um so you know like um um um um um um um um um so well you know used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth. It's a delight to be you know like like you know uh you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just thrilled to okay uh you know um like okay you know so see see see see see see see see see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She just she just she she she she she she she she she just she just she just she just she just she just she just raving about about about about about about about about about you I mean uh well okay you know like like I mean. I almost thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category. Probably really probably really probably really really really really really really really really really probably really probably really probably really probably really probably really probably really did nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading like you know so I mean well uh you know like faster than than than than than than than than than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and uh um like like like like like like like like like uh okay um okay so Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation because believe it I mean okay so well like like uh uh or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let me know if uh I mean okay um I mean you know like like like like like like like like like I mean it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We We We We We We We We We just discovered that in the like okay like uh like okay uh okay last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality spirituality with you know uh well well um uh well well your host me Ali lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover so like uh so so so so so so so so so okay so okay uh more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship mediumship mediumship mediumship mediumship mediumship mediumship mediumship mediumship psychics I mean okay um you know well like like like aliens religion New Age Age Age Age Age Age Age Age Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean you know like I mean well of the shows will be be be be be be be be be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new you know okay I mean well well well well well well well well well you know you know so so discoveries. In other shows will have guests to open open open open open open open open open up New Perspectives and Views you know uh I mean okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know. I hope you'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open up about about about about about about about about about you know well uh um um uh I mean you know what spirituality in today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so so like like you know healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you you you you you you you you you don't uh like well well I mean um like well have a business but with with with with with with with with with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you so uh uh you know um um um um um um um um um like um like don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have have have have have have have have have to close up shop. Here's so like so I mean you know um uh so so so so so so so so so what to do. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your well well well well well well well well well you know um okay um uh you know so listing make your offer more more more more more more more more more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning um so I mean like you know know know know know know know know know um um so you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking you from the red so okay uh uh uh you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with with with with with with with with with Airbnb automated and uh um so well like well uh so let's talk about how how how how how how how how how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are being well I mean like you know know know know know know know know know okay uh I mean well the family these eight strategies will get you more more more more more more more more more bookings and I'm going to order okay um okay well uh well you know know know know know know know know know uh them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence. Some of these these these these these these these these these so uh uh like okay well well um are going to be super simple to to to to to to to to to implement. They're just going to be a okay uh um uh like you know know know know know know know know know so so couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep thought some I mean so well um um uh you know okay might even even even even even even even even even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode well uh so you know uh well like okay contains strong language and descriptions descriptions descriptions descriptions descriptions descriptions descriptions descriptions descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may find like like so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um like offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Connolly was okay I mean well you know like um okay I mean irritated. She She She She She She She She She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped um well like you know know know know know know know know know um I mean so well office. The whole the whole the whole the whole the whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole the whole the whole the whole the whole thing was a major drag Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff uh okay so like okay like you know so so so so so so so so so. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said said said said said said said said said Lisa you're like um well so so well well well involved in in in in in in in in in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage so so um you you you you you you you you you know well well um okay client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not not not not not not not not not just I mean well so I mean well uh um like what we get get get get get get get get get to Define. Its how its how its how its how its how its how how how how how how how how how its how its how its how God calls us to himself. He is he is is is is is is is is is he is he is he is he is he is he is he is okay I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean uh like okay like the more to do a a a a a a a a a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't well so I mean well well well well well well well well well um well you know okay know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a a a a a a a a a little too hot. Sorry be more okay um um okay well well well so so so so so so so so so that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of a a a a a a a a a okay uh okay like okay well you know you know special extended edition episode on liturgical liturgical liturgical liturgical liturgical liturgical liturgical liturgical liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic uh so like okay so okay uh um um um um um um um um um at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This This This This This This This This This is uh you know so so um I mean so okay not a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's begin I mean you know you know so like you know um um in the the the the the the the the the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen um I I I I I I I I I mean like uh so well so so. It's called it's called it's called it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's called it's called it's called it's called it's called it's called a mind all all all all all all all all all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological okay I mean so like well well well well well well well well well um uh okay virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal eternal life as our happiness I mean I mean so uh like okay okay like like like like like like like like like placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on on on on on on on on on our own strength, well so like so so you know okay I mean but on on on on on on on on on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we okay you you you you you you you you you know okay well well well you know uh strive for Holiness we strive strive strive strive strive strive strive strive strive to become a saint as something which is possible but uh you know I mean you you you you you you you you you know well okay so okay not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for for for for for for for for for the virtue of uh you know you know well um uh well well Hope first and and and and and and and and and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you haven't um like okay well you know um okay um heard about anchor it's actually the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. So let uh so um so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's completely free to do there's I mean so uh uh like well like uh creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so well like like you know or computer. So it's really really easy to to to to to to to to to do. Do anchor will distribute your I mean um uh uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts. And so okay um I mean okay well like well so many more you you you you you you you you you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership uh so like you know know know know know know know know know so I mean okay like. It's everything you need to make a podcast and and and and and and and and and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, this hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church church church church church church church church church. And this um so uh um okay okay like uh is our podcast. I I I I I I I I I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed this word well well well well well well well well well okay well you know uh like so well increases your faith and inspires you you you you you you you you you to go closer in your relationship with God through like well uh okay you know know know know know know know know know you know you know like Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go go go go go go go go go I can't go with this one. Can okay can okay can okay can can can can can can can can can okay can okay can okay can okay can okay can okay so uh well well well well well well well well well well so well I mean you is it possible? I know I know I I I I I I I I I know I know I know I know I know I know I know maybe stretching it it it it it it it it it here. Is it possible for you I mean so um I mean uh okay you you you you you you you you you know uh to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles 7 and 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14 14. We're like um like uh so so okay um going to finish this series series series series series series series series series the series next time next Sunday. I want to I um uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know okay want to do this. I got to teach this this this this this this this this this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience. Welcome, like you know you know um uh you know you know uh welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really so um um um um um um um um um um like uh you know you know I mean really loved doing a training doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing a live doing a podcast on the first of the like well like like like like like like like like like so you know so you know I mean month because I think it's a a a a a a a a a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you are here uh you know like so you you you you you you you you you know well uh um. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and and and and and and and and and you've got well you know um like well uh you know um to be be be be be be be be be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to you you you you you you you you you know well so I mean I mean okay like like make some changes changes changes changes changes changes changes changes changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you can so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so I mean so um make a difference and I want you to see see see see see see see see see that as something Really uh well okay I mean okay like I mean um really really really really really really really really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take take take take take take take take take you know uh so I mean uh um um so things for granted. We stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I sometimes I I I I I I I I I sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find okay I I I I I I I I I mean well uh I mean um okay well out it's like well don't look at at at at at at at at at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good. Yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah you know so um um um um um um um um um I mean you know you know so okay. Yeah, very good now that we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're in a new setting which you'll Be announcing shortly okay like okay uh uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We have have have have have have have have have you know okay uh like you know I mean so like Holly and and and and and and and and and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the I mean well well well well well well well well well well well okay um I mean I mean good week. We've been we've been we've been been been been been been been been been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been we've been busy lots to to to to to to to to to talk about. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's yeah, it's yeah, it's and say, well I mean okay okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested protested protested protested protested protested protested protested protested peacefully Charles Manson and um so like uh you know uh like you know his followers followers followers followers followers followers followers followers followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer of of of of of of of of of 69 you know I mean well I mean I mean okay so okay is now now now now now now now now now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge a Our cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast I mean uh um uh like well uh um original I'm Carter Roy and and and and and and and and and it's time to learn some true crime history in this well uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like so you know trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic like the headline-making Zodiac murders you know okay um well um like uh so so so so so so so so so that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned their way to so so so so so so so so so well um um okay well like you know the top and serial killers like Ted Ted Ted Ted Ted Ted Ted Ted Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this week. We're okay um I mean I mean um um you know know know know know know know know know I mean looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well like so um well I mean. My name is Mahmoud Mahmoud Mahmoud Mahmoud Mahmoud Mahmoud Mahmoud Mahmoud Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the I mean so I I I I I I I I I mean uh um so um uh things that I wanted to do when I I I I I I I I I started this podcast is explore uh I mean so uh so like you know um topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics that I am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of of of of of of of of of I mean um so so uh well okay like those things is Ecommerce businesses. How do do do do do do do do do you start an e-commerce business? How do you um well well okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean get the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some some some some some some some some some of uh so uh uh okay I mean like um the things that that that that that that that that that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting well well well well well well well well well um so like so um um so their business which is why I've invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine okay um okay well so um so well seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven one agency created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus expert digital um you know so uh well you know uh well agency here here here here here here here here here in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like um so okay um the Middle East some of which include the the the the the the the the the names of shallow group you know well so like well like um um to our our our our our our our our our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will will will will will will will will will learn okay uh well okay um so so so from stories experience trials and and and and and and and and and errors to live a more measured life with less I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean you know you know cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um um uh okay okay like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay your host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like okay well uh okay uh friend Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad you have have have have have have have have have an old friend. It's true. They say they say they say they say they they they they they they they they they say they say they say they say they say wisdom okay okay well well well well well well well well well well you know you know okay like comes with age. Not always the case case case case case case case case case. Do you say that? I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't uh like you know okay um so so so so so so so so so okay um know who said that I heard it in the song one time. I think think think think think think think think think Bobby Joe well like okay um so well I mean uh and I have been been been been been been been been been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in in in in in in in in in the uh okay so so like I mean uh okay name of the father and and and and and and and and and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was amen was amen was amen was amen amen amen amen amen amen amen amen amen was amen was amen was amen was amen was called a so okay like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well you know mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the the the the the the the the the most exhilarating truth is that you know so so I mean okay I mean like I I I I I I I I I mean before the world was created God already had you and I in mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind each with um like like um so uh well okay our own particular particular particular particular particular particular particular particular particular place in the grand plan of history that no other person can or you you you you you you you you you know you know uh well you know well uh okay ever will take we were were were were were were were were were designed for this role and only we can um okay um well like well well well well well well well well well okay you know fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor and his so you know uh like I mean like so um spiritual conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw uh I mean I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know I mean like I mean a specialty in US eternally, eternally, eternally, eternally, eternally, eternally, eternally, eternally, eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to to to to to to to to to so well um uh well okay well so introduce to you the love love love love love love love love love below. This is our new podcast. It's an it's an it's an it's an it's an an an an an an an an an it's an it's an it's an it's an idea um so okay I I I I I I I I I mean you know like um I mean that we had talked about in the past past past past past past past past past and we're just wanting to make I mean so you know uh uh um um you know know know know know know know know know it a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world well you you you you you you you you you know so uh so okay okay I mean. So here so here so here here here here here here here here here so here so here so here so here so here so here we are are are are are are are are are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like uh um we kind of just want to talk give you an Insight of of of of of of of of of you know, what uh okay like you know like like well like made us start start start start start start start start start this podcast and how we know each other and who I mean so so uh like like like like like like like like like uh I mean um we are individually and kind of what we we we we we we we we we want this podcast to be about and so so well I mean um um I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh yeah, it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys liked getting to know well you know you know okay uh so like like us. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean I mean I mean well Andrew colvard. Elmer old is back back back back back back back back back Venice episode and we have a special guest you know um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like well like one. I think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Ranter Ranter Ranter Ranter Ranter Ranter Ranter Ranter Nick you know I mean well like well um well so Peterson is in the the the the the the the the the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing I mean so well well well well well well well well well okay okay like okay uh tonight? Exceptionally. Well really good. So I'll know you're back back back back back back back back back Florida was good for okay like okay um okay like okay so the good good good good good good good good good good good. Now you now you now you now you now you you you you you you you you you now you now you now you now you called me you have a little little little little little little little little little bit um you know well you know I mean you know I mean like of of of of of of of of of a gripe about the results of the presidential draft. So we're just going uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean so you know uh um to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake Jake Jake Jake Jake Jake Jake Jake Jake it's Jake it's Jake it's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival Festival selections going like you know okay okay okay uh well uh today free now, which is is is is is is is is is the first day starting off with grade 1 action in well uh um well uh so I I I I I I I I I mean so the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently got itchy so well you know so uh okay I mean okay feet at 9:00 to to to to to to to to to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home at 9:00 um well so well like like like like like like like like like okay so I mean to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still still still still still still still still still listed and seven okay uh okay um I mean like so okay to one but but but but but but but but but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one um well um like um um um um um um um um um like well okay for he later won. But I believe it's been been been been been been been been been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by you know okay you know so uh um I I I I I I I I I mean you know Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve tank for teens melons so uh you know okay well um like like like like like like like like like um 16 and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race race race race race race race race race. I've looked you know well you know uh you know so you know uh into into into into into into into into into much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but if um um um um um um um um um you know you know I mean I mean like you know I mean I I I I I I I I I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk uh I mean um you know uh um like uh now. We were off off off off off off off off off last week. Really do really do really do really do really do really do really really really really really really really really really do really do really do your technical difficulties? So I well I mean well um um um um um um um um um uh so you know well apologize. I know we had so many people hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit us up saying where is okay well I mean uh well so you know know know know know know know know know uh the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not we're not not not not not not not not not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not actually having having having having having having having having having an episode I mean well uh well so I mean okay you know. Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have okay have have have have have have have have have okay have okay have okay have okay have okay have okay have okay have have have have have have have have have okay uh you know okay okay um um um a good night. So what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's so what's so what's so what's so what's so what's so what's so so so so so so so so so what's so what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast of you you you you you you you you you know well um okay uh like so so the of the app speaking for the the the the the the the the the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie deleted all the I mean like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um um okay footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't know how to work anchor okay uh uh okay so like well like the the the the the the the the the app. It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it was it was an accident. I thought I was just editing the video you you you you you you you you you know so I mean uh you know okay I mean you know cuz cuz cuz cuz cuz cuz cuz cuz cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the trash can you know so so so so so so so so so like um so well I mean I mean which deletes everything that we just did did did did did did did did did and set up for the past. We Yeah, we so you know well you know um um um um um um um um um so you know you know actually did spend a fat two hours kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was that was that that that that that that that that that was that was that was that was that was that was that was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure I mean so okay I mean you know like so you know out out out out out out out out out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you a so so so so so so so so so you know you know you know you know uh I mean so proper introduction. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why um like like you you you you you you you you you know uh like you know like you never heard my name before it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's because you haven't because I in no okay you know so um you know well well well well well well well well well so uh way shape or form in any. Any circle any circle any circle any circle circle circle circle circle circle circle circle circle any circle any circle any circle any circle any circle of any group of of of of of of of of of people and popular so well like okay well uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I mean I mean you know you know so okay you know know know know know know know know know well run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out out out out out out out out out life so like well uh um um um okay. Yeah. This is a little little little little little little little little little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's um um you know okay well well well well well well well well well you know well like the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta tell okay like um like uh well you know okay that devil who you you you you you you you you you are today. I woke up and I told the uh well okay like like like like like like like like like I mean okay okay uh devil who I am in Christ. I am complete in in in in in in in in in him who is the okay like so so you know okay well uh head of of of of of of of of of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from from from from from from from from from the so I mean you know I mean I mean you know um like like like like like like like like like law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot come well you know you know okay I mean like you know uh near me me me me me me me me me. I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am I am I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch me okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um well like I mean okay. I Am Without Blame before him in in in in in in in in in love. Love I am in right standing with I mean well like um um um um um um um um um well uh well well the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have have have have have have have have have the peace of God that you know uh like uh so uh well um um um um um um um um um surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he that is in um um um um um um um um um I mean you know you know um I mean you know so the the the the the the the the the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I have put up okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um well uh um um the old and put on the new I I I I I I I I I have been given and it's been given to well um uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like so I mean me. I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have no lack for my God shall supply all my needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs. According to according to according to according to according to according to according to to to to to to to to to according to according to like like um um um so um you know his his his his his his his his his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying uh okay um uh well I mean um you know all the shorter episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This well I mean um um um um um um um um um like um okay okay um will not be one of those. This is going going going going going going going going going to be a nice long discussion because you know you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know okay okay we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which which which which which which which which which means it's probably To be more uh um well uh you know okay uh you you you you you you you you you know than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all all all all all all all all all this chemicals okay so so uh you know like well like. Like how you doing? doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh so I I I I I I I I I mean well like okay okay okay excited that. We got we got we got we got got got got got got got got got we got we got we got we got we got Michael join and ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask because he's going to make every Lamar Jackson um um I mean so you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know so and compare it to Joe Flacco go on on on on on on on on on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, you know so so um like um like like I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean um like um so to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and and and and and and and and and Julius. Rosenberg's okay well uh well I mean um you know okay Espionage trial began began began began began began began began began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial well well well well well well well well well um well uh uh uh I mean okay the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still still still still still still still still still a matter of debate. Welcome to today and well so you know well so like like like like like like like like like okay you know true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering covering covering covering covering covering covering covering covering the 1951 you know so okay okay you know I mean uh well well well well well well well well well Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were were were were were were were were were considered um so I mean so okay so uh so. So heinous FBI director director director director director director director director director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of uh you know well um um um um um um um um um uh okay uh so the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well like so I mean so so is about business Behavior. And the Brain Brain Brain Brain Brain Brain Brain Brain Brain on this show. I do I do I do I do I do I do I I I I I I I I I do I do I do uh I mean so okay um so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean a few things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your you know know know know know know know know know so well okay I mean um I mean I mean behavior. I interview authors of books books books books books books books books books. I enjoy and from time to time. I you know uh okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um um devote episodes to answering your questions. If you if you if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you if you want to to to to to to to to to ask me a question okay okay uh well I mean well um um um um um um um um um I mean visit the podcast page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and and and and and and and and and ask me a question you know you know so you know you know know know know know know know know know you know like you know by leaving a review. I promise to read read read read read read read read read it and Possibly include your question okay uh um um um so um um um um um um um um um uh a future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for for for for for for for for for more um so I mean you know um uh um uh you can always always always always always always always always always visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage so like I mean um um um um um um um um um you know I mean well I mean that sticks by Janet Choi for near near near near near near near near near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit so I mean okay um so well I I I I I I I I I mean well takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod. Maffin from okay well I mean um um um well so engage Q digital today today today today today today today today today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you think HootSuite you know um okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay like launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think I I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I I think they have YouTube launches a very I mean well like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know um new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting other okay I mean well well I mean you know okay uh people's ideas into their app app app app app app app app app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what here's what here's what what what what what what what what what here's what here's what here's what here's what here's what here's what well uh so so so so so so so so so um okay like okay so you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what what what what what what what what what a good digital marketer does and I mean so so so so like I I I I I I I I I mean well set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels pixels pixels pixels pixels pixels pixels pixels pixels like those all-important tracking uh like I mean like so you know you know know know know know know know know know you know pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your your your your your your your your your control. So so okay okay well okay so well you know imagine your surprise when Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack I mean well you know like like so you know okay everything from Hardware to to to to to to to to to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so um okay okay well well well well well well well well well like okay I mean you know that you can be more informed on all all all all all all all all all the latest updates changes and devices. This well this well this well this well well well well well well well well well this well this well this well this well this well um I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean you know episode is brought to you by anchor when we decided to to to to to to to to to create a um well um like uh so okay I mean podcast. We wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly so uh so well okay I mean um okay that they give you everything you you you you you you you you you need in one place for free and you like um well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean you know can use it from your computer or your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone. There are a couple things I mean uh uh well so I mean I I I I I I I I I mean um we really like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you to you know um so like I mean um um I mean record and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast. They'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute your podcast for you so that that that that that that that that that you'll be heard everywhere you know I mean you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like like and they have some ways for you to make money on your your your your your your your your your podcast well so um you know like okay so okay with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make so well so so so so so so so so so um uh so well like your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener Listener Listener Listener Listener Listener Listener Listener Listener uh I mean like so um so like okay discretion is advised especially for for for for for for for for for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about to like like uh like you you you you you you you you you know so um so hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth about leimia. Today's you today's you today's you today's you today's you today's you today's you today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's you today's you know like like you know okay like I mean you know episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give give give give give give give give give you the like you know like so uh uh I mean I mean most most most most most most most most most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves lapped upon so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know like uh you know I mean the smooth Rocky beach at the the the the the the the the the water's edge a child named many pests dried um well okay I mean uh you you you you you you you you you know you know well himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise squeezed in before well okay like okay I mean um like okay today's boring studies studies studies studies studies studies studies studies studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy so um um um um um um um um um okay you know uh well okay like on which means we are answering your questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank I mean well uh uh well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back back back back back back back back back was uh I mean I mean uh um you know so okay much better. But now now now now now now now now now it's really bad again might have been because I try to well um um well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean um train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I I I I I I I I I mean are you so so um um um you know you know you you you you you you you you you know I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see see see see see see see see see you're uh uh uh you know I mean you know like um one of these these these these these these these these these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh so so so. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that that that that that that that that that. I've definitely not as soon I mean I mean well I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like you know as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, thing, but I you know well okay um um okay well I mean am using using using using using using using using using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that like uh I I I I I I I I I mean like well you know so I mean it's going to improve things for me me me me me me me me me ideal ideal now if you don't be I mean um um so well you know know know know know know know know know uh you know a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our our our our our our our our our I'm my name okay like okay well I mean well so so is Future and and and and and and and and and baying are your host today? And we have a special guest so okay um um um um um um um um um I mean um so um so from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale kale kale kale kale kale kale kale kale. What's your what's your Vibe like uh uh okay like so so I I I I I I I I I mean right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm just I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just I mean you know well um you know okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had just had just had just had had had had had had had had had just had just had just had just had just had a long day at at at at at at at at at work. Now okay now okay now okay now okay now okay now okay now now now now now now now now now okay now okay now okay you know um okay like um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy future and Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay. Yeah like I mean I mean I mean I mean uh um so. So With With With With With With With With With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop like like like like like like like like like you know like so um um okay so star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting molesting molesting molesting molesting molesting molesting molesting molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today so so okay um like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener okay you know like I mean okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13. Today. We're covering I mean uh uh so okay you know um I I I I I I I I I mean the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty guilty guilty guilty guilty guilty guilty guilty guilty of initiating okay um um like I mean um you know um inappropriate sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go let's go let's go go go go go go go go go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean I mean so um like back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time I I I I I I I I I mean well well well uh I mean you know um what a time to be alive alive alive alive alive alive alive alive alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if uh uh like you know know know know know know know know know well so um I mean you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of of of of of of of of of us witches. Really do um I mean um so so you know you you you you you you you you you know um celebrate the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming up so so like um you know um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. Can you believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I I I I I I I I I was okay like I mean so like okay okay okay just writing this in my my my my my my my my my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation uh okay okay like um uh uh I I I I I I I I I mean for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host host host host host host host host host Jonathan okay uh um so uh well uh uh Brown and today I have a a a a a a a a a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's so I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean um um the president of the brothers and dubious AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA Bond here in South University of South Carolina you know I mean um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay well amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell us some of those other things too you know like um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean so when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay you know I mean um I mean um. I'm your host Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean okay you know so you know uh I want to go go go go go go go go go over today is a fortnight hype night and height okay um well okay um like like like like like like like like like like you know night plus in Chapter 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the the the the the the the the the uh so you know like so so like okay Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's hallelujah, it's hallelujah, it's hallelujah, it's hallelujah, it's hallelujah, it's hallelujah, it's hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, it's hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little little little little little little little little little bit about uh I mean so like well I mean um um anchor if if if if if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a you know know know know know know know know know well uh like okay like I mean um podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record uh so so you know you know I I I I I I I I I mean so okay and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your well like so you know okay okay uh okay podcast for for for for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more well like like like like like like like like like so you know uh okay you know I mean you can make money from from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know um uh everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place. Download the free anchor up or so uh like okay well I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is it is it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is it is it is episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode or of the game okay like I mean like like um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court Court Court Court Court Court Court Court Court you know okay um okay um you know well you know of the United States States States States States States States States States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City so so you know know know know know know know know know so so you know you know so bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a a a a a a a a a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme uh so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well I mean um Court's decision not to hear an appeals case for for for for for for for for for the Oklahoma City bomber like so I mean like uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um. Let's go back to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office office office office office office office office office of Attorney Richard okay uh uh I mean I mean um well uh Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution is I mean I mean so uh you know um um so advised for for for for for for for for for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know um you know uh I mean okay and a ragtag team team team team team team team team team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge so um so so I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay I mean above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It It It It It It It It It was a hot day but the well you know so um well well so um sun was was was was was was was was was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the uh um I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well I mean front lines of an effort to combat. Thousands of of of of of of of of of small wild fires blazing like so I mean uh uh I mean uh um along along along along along along along along along the northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades well um well well well well well well well well well so well um well um in the newly formed US Forest Service had had had had had had had had had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt okay I mean you know well so well well well well well well well well well um um the fires, they were overworked and understaffed. But many members of of of of of of of of of the service still believe so I mean so so okay um you know um the the the the the the the the the situation was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect you you you you you you you you you know uh so uh like like well well those of the company and its management management management management management management management management management for their more the views and opinions of well you know so like so so so so so so so so so like like um the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the the the the the the the the the DJ's the regular well I mean like like okay so um um program the management management management management management management management management management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on but okay um um um um um um um um um um so like I mean you know you know no by at go by in a module module module module module module module module module on my adding my messy, Salient Emma well like well like um so so so so so so so so so like okay. Lingua, Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra lingua, lingua, lingua, lingua, lingua, lingua, lingua, lingua, lingua, Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something you you you you you you you you you know you know like well so you know I mean well to say but but but but but but but but but don't have the audience. Well anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor is here for you. So So So So So So So So So break so break so break so break so break so break so break break break break break break break break break so break so break I mean I mean um well like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for for for for for for for for for free you know I mean you know like like uh like so anchor has simplified the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and you know uh I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so okay Publishing. They do all the work for you. It's the the the the the the the the the only opt out there that lets okay like well you know you know well well well well well well well well well okay you know you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So So So So So So So So So what so what so what so what so what so what so what so so so so so so so so so what so what um so okay I mean so okay you know well well well well well well well well well are you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing together growing together growing together growing together growing together growing together growing together growing growing growing growing growing growing growing growing growing together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how um I I I I I I I I I mean um um so I mean like I mean Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Peter how in the following day he like you know okay you know um um um um um um um um um you know well like gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to to to to to to to to to be with God like so okay okay so okay I mean um to be with with with with with with with with with the father in prayer. And when and when and when and when and when when when when when when when when when and when and when and when and when you had gone up to be well well well well well well well well well I mean so like you know okay like I mean with the father in in in in in in in in in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to so um well well well well well well well well well well like like um like him and he says to him we've been looking for for for for for for for for for you and Jesus says so you know um um I mean um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean while I needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well I mean like I mean you know else. They something absolutely interesting that I I I I I I I I I would like us to unpack. It is the well you know well well well well well well well well well well um so like you know attitude of Jesus in picking the day day day day day day day day day. He begins it by being with God the you know well I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well I mean so father in prayer. He begins it. By taking by taking by taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking by taking by taking by taking by taking by taking by taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would would would would would would would would would be well I mean um okay okay like you know well talking about programmatic advertising. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your um like like I mean um um um um um um um um um well okay like host for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You You You You You You You You You might have so well um okay like um I mean um heard this term. If not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like well you know I mean is in automated buying and selling of online online online online online online online online online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more effective I mean I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know um like streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts in one technology platform. That's as that's as that's as that's as that's as as as as as as as as as that's as that's as that's as that's as so um I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking tracking tracking tracking tracking tracking tracking tracking tracking Sasquatches for you know like I mean I mean like so well so 25 years years years years years years years years years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um well um okay intelligence American. Do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. Tree a steal. What's going uh so okay okay um I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh on? Everybody Dave everybody Dave everybody Dave everybody Dave everybody Dave everybody Dave everybody Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave everybody Dave everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on you know know know know know know know know know well like so um okay okay um buddy? It's going on everybody. Finally got got got got got got got got got this freaking OBS to work pain in the okay so okay like okay well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I okay you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know uh uh well so got on Instagram live last night night night night night night night night night. We have some issues got on their hopped on well um like okay I I I I I I I I I mean like like like had a couple of I don't know ten minute conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation. Got some got some uh okay like um well I mean like I I I I I I I I I mean people on their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your your your your your your your your your so you know so like I mean uh you know so Bohemian guide to to to to to to to to to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, I I I I I I I I I suppose, I suppose, I suppose, I suppose, I suppose, I suppose, I suppose, I I I I I I I I I suppose, well okay okay um okay uh um so you know critical thinking the word that that that that that that that that that you heard here. So many times mentioned in you know okay okay you know know know know know know know know know um I mean okay okay all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you you you you you you you you you should after reading like uh so um like well well so an article go. Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the you know uh so um um um um um um um um um like uh okay so source? I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to to to to to to to to to me. So actually thinking okay um well like like like like so not just critically about about about about about about about about about the things that you receive but critically about everything uh well so you know know know know know know know know know so like I mean I mean to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the the the the the the the the the history okay well uh like okay um um so of song titles. It is the the the the the the the the the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I mean um like I mean I I I I I I I I I mean um you know so like give me a better song title than that that that that that that that that that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey on okay um like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know so for 2000 album stories from the city stories from from from from from from from from from the sea. It's also I mean um you know okay um so you know well well well well well well well well well a number for 31. One out one out one out one out one out one out out out out out out out out out one out one out one out of five hundred on the Spotify like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know uh you know well. Orig the 500 with Josh Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well like okay you guys for joining me on the only podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that is going through Rolling well well so I mean I mean um so so so so so so so so so I mean Stone Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are are are are are are are are are like um well uh I mean okay so so times that I look over over over over over over over over over this list to see what's coming up and um like so uh uh well like you you you you you you you you you know I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real real real real real real real real real soon I mean okay you know you know okay okay like you know. I I I I I I I I I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA garbage I mean so um so um uh like so face AKA mice a gay tickle tickle tickle tickle tickle tickle tickle tickle tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls ak-12 Falls ak-12 Falls ak-12 Falls ak-12 Falls ak-12 Falls ak-12 ak-12 ak-12 ak-12 ak-12 ak-12 ak-12 ak-12 ak-12 Falls ak-12 Falls ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls AKA ATC AKA you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well like um so AKA. I apologize if I missed any please please please please please please please please please write me if I did um so well so uh you know uh like like like like like like like like like. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last week. Apparently the sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound like um like well you know well well well was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast with with with with with with with with with me I mean so like you know like well you know so David David David David David David David David David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly. And of of of of of of of of of course okay I mean I mean so you know uh so I mean Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them very well so so so so so so so so so so you know you know like like um like. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting I mean well well well well well well well well well so okay like you know um like down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past past past past past past past past past 31 years in 1996 week, so you know like like you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in in in in in in in in in Centennial Park well uh uh okay well I mean well well. The excitement of thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with um um you know know know know know know know know know okay okay so like well nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history history history history history history history history history tune in right here every day to like like you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean well our March Madness special listen. On Spotify on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you get your podcast. July um so okay uh like you know well so 27th 1996 Atlanta Atlanta Atlanta Atlanta Atlanta Atlanta Atlanta Atlanta Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the you know know know know know know know know know I mean um okay well um so um energy in the city was buzzing at at at at at at at at at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart I mean um uh you know so well well well well well well well well well well so attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the the the the the the the the the so like like you know I mean well like well division two, its Community News News News News News News News News News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do I mean okay okay you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean division stuff such as this podcast. I do I do I do I I I I I I I I I do I do I do I do I do I do a twitch stream at at at at at at at at at twitch.tv slash uh like um well like so well I mean on diesel and I I I I I I I I I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean okay like uh like okay of the day is is is is is is is is is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh you know I mean I mean um the eat despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this uh you you you you you you you you you know like well like uh so uh word. Even if you haven't heard it it it it it it it it it before that's because it sounds like so well I mean um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well and is related to a handful of other common words in English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, English, including habitual habituate uh so uh you know um okay so you know and and and and and and and and and have it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place place place place place place place place place okay you know like uh like uh well okay as in the aspiring painter painter painter painter painter painter painter painter painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used well so you know know know know know know know know know okay well so uh you know for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or or or or or or or or or Amusement such as pool rooms I mean okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so okay well bars or used bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in in in in in in in in in butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are are are are are are are are are discussing communism uh okay uh like like um okay okay in the family A really really really really really really really really really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to well uh um uh so so so so so so so so so um so so get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and and and and and and and and and do our names and I mean you know you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is is is is is is is is is. My name like uh like you know uh so so um is Connor I use use use use use use use use use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon from I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um you know like like you know uh the 60s. You know, the one where where where where where where where where where they've got the main employees like pointing like well so I mean um so I I I I I I I I I mean I mean at himself. It's really it's really it's really it's really it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's really it's really it's really it's really it's really it's really camp and really cheesy cheesy cheesy cheesy cheesy cheesy cheesy cheesy cheesy and a lot of um uh I mean okay like um uh uh fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun. My name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name my name my name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 uh um uh okay okay so well like at a cabbie. They choose and everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip at well like well uh you know know know know know know know know know you know I mean you know a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra Hydra Hydra Hydra Hydra Hydra Hydra Hydra Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify I mean well like so well okay you know like like like like like like like like like original peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the the the the the the the the the I mean okay you know you know well so um you know transgenders by the the the the the the the the the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from from from from from from from from from uh so well so uh I mean so you know Japan, but she is is is is is is is is is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but today's okay well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean uh so topic is going to be titled the poison poison poison poison poison poison poison poison poison in your pocket. As always this uh okay okay well well okay uh um information information information information information information information information information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition like like like like like like like like like um uh well um you know okay like. It's for information purposes only and and and and and and and and and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek please seek please seek please seek please please please please please please please please please seek please seek please seek please seek please seek I mean um well you know know know know know know know know know well okay um um advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes changes changes changes changes changes changes changes changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because um so I mean so okay you you you you you you you you you know like uh the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 1 Welcome to um like like I mean so um like so the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of of of of of of of tv top. Now, uh um uh um so so well well let them Buzz here here here here here here here here here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after um I mean you know um um um um um um um um um well like um well Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Bowers and okay uh so uh okay well okay uh I would like like like like like like like like like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we well um um um um um um um um um uh like uh uh like uh There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question for I mean you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know well uh us later on our special segment and Ashley. We We We We We We We We We just gone we're vibing providing has um like like so I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham Graham with uh like like I mean um like like I mean black with black with with with with with with with with with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here today I mean okay um you know know know know know know know know know you know so so um on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak speak speak speak speak speak speak speak speak today and have this conversation okay okay okay okay well like you know like like like like like like like like like and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid open open open open open open open open open conversation okay you know I mean I mean well so well I mean and to to to to to to to to to real you were talking a little bit with me about your body embodiment and I I I I I I I I I mean well well so well uh well like I thought This has been a a a a a a a a a really great topic for us to speak about and so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well I mean you know uh so my question for you just to get get get get get get get get get right into it because I want to well okay well you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is understandings is understandings understandings understandings understandings understandings understandings understandings understandings understandings is understandings is understandings is understandings is understandings is understandings is understandings is my question question question question question question question question question for you is well like well so uh well well well have have have have have have have have have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here so so so so so so so so so like so I mean so you know you know okay and let you know know know know know know know know know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our podcast I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean uh well you know okay. We love it for several several several several several several several several several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There well you know um uh like like like like like like like like like um um like are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from from from from from from from from from your phone or uh I mean okay so so like um well your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can be well well well well well well well well well well uh um you know okay so you know heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and and and and many other platforms number four you can you know well so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well well make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make uh like okay like I mean okay um you know know know know know know know know know a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm and I'm and I'm and and and and and and and and and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm yes V V V V V V V V V and we are bad and Bollywood okay uh um okay so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a crossover like like well okay well uh uh um episode. Yeah, it's a crossover crossover crossover crossover crossover crossover crossover crossover crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered well like you know so so so so so so so so so well I mean well uh here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to our podcast to you know so um well like I mean uh well well well well well well well well well no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're so so so so so so so so so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're um uh I mean um well so so you know here to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I so well uh so so so so so so so so so okay you know well uh get this out of the way a quick plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug or big plug we are um uh um like well okay um so so so so so so so so so now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like like like like like like like like like share you know uh well um okay okay you know okay subscribe follow retweet retweet retweet retweet retweet retweet retweet retweet retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, which so um I I I I I I I I I mean um okay like okay well is one of my personal favorites and we would would would would would would would would would like to hear from you guys so you know I mean well um okay I I I I I I I I I mean well. What do what do what do what do what do what do what what what what what what what what what do what do what do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay um you know uh I mean so rather than from a place place place place place place place place place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at so you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um okay uh the end of the day, we can't live on on on on on on on on on Amara for afraid of uh you know uh okay um you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh everything right. It just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know know know know know know know know know that I mean I mean okay well like so okay um you will be be be be be be be be be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to you know um um um um um um um um um you know okay um so uh uh be. Welcome to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability disability become so taboo? well like well okay I mean um like uh So I I I I I I I I I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer and um um um um um um um um um uh you know you know uh um I mean I mean also a wheelchair wheelchair wheelchair wheelchair wheelchair wheelchair wheelchair wheelchair wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um you know okay well like um or to have a a a a a a a a a disability. And also the way that the World perhaps disables us more so like like like like like like like like like so well well so um like than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born born born born born born born born born with may do which might seem like I mean I mean um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay uh a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism and and and and and and and and and how the like I mean okay you know so um uh so world world world world world world world world world is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to those of us okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh okay well um you know well who perhaps can't function in in in in in in in in in a very specific way. It was so inspiring to people like so so you you you you you you you you you know you know okay so I mean Sophia, and I think it's a really really really really really really really really really interesting conversation. I really hope you enjoy it I mean um you know know know know know know know know know like like so like well as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to to to to to to to to to a comedian like uh you know I mean you know you know uh like like like like like like like like like Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells vegan coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee drinker like you know I mean uh I mean okay so like. Podcaster currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the outskirts of Manchester you you you you you you you you you know you know okay so so like okay I mean star, which is obviously very very very very very very very very very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a a a a a a a a a small well so okay well uh like you know okay range Lucas is important for respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living cell uh so um I mean so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know. If there is not enough glucose an organism organism organism organism organism organism organism organism organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose okay I mean um uh I mean uh I I I I I I I I I mean like levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, which is the well um um so like okay so I mean movement of of of of of of of of of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows like okay um um well well well well well well well well well I mean um you know through the pancreas. The body the body the body body body body body body body body body the body the body the body the body the body the body can detect detect detect detect detect detect detect detect detect if there is a high concentration like okay I mean okay well okay uh I I I I I I I I I mean. Enough blood glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too too too too too too too too too high the pancreas I mean well so like like well um so releases the hormone insulin into into into into into into into into into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the you know like um okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like presence of insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as as as as as as as as as a okay I mean okay you know so you know uh I mean form form form form form form form form form of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process process process process process process process process process continues so I mean well okay okay okay well um until the pancreas detects a a a a a a a a a normal blood glucose concentration. If the if the if the if the if the if if if if if if if if if the if the if the if the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today so well like like like like like like like like like uh uh you know so uh. This is actually an interview that I did did did did did did did did did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin like well uh well well so so so so so so so so so so um show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice um you know so so okay okay well uh guy been putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of like you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like so uh great people on a show really interesting format and had had had had had had had had had a great conversation with them so so um well so um well um. So So So So So So So So So I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the the the the the the the the the so so uh okay um like well well first half there was I think we we we we we we we we we had some bandwidth issues. So the okay like um I mean so so well well well well well well well well well well the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you okay you know okay uh okay like well like want to follow cave on his his his his his his his his his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his okay um I mean you know well well well well well well well well well okay you know um Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, good morning, good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday the 4th you know okay you know uh I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know okay of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like so you know I mean so like markets surged in the morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean um well a rate cut the bank of of of of of of of of of Japan announced early in the data uh so okay okay um like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. They would be starting a new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA RBA RBA RBA RBA RBA RBA RBA RBA Mets the um I mean so okay like okay I mean like market expectations and and and and and and and and and cut the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so so like like like big Banks quickly passed on the right cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut with Westpac coming out of the okay like so uh so you know uh so so so so so so so so so gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to to to to to to to to to follow suit um okay I mean so you know you know so well. It seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems they have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest so um you know know know know know know know know know okay uh so so you know rates by 50 basis points. This is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is the the the the the the the the the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello well, hello well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR ASMR ASMR ASMR ASMR ASMR ASMR ASMR ASMR a Sleepytime well so uh you know well okay so okay podcast in this week week week week week week week week week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the secret you know you you you you you you you you you know uh like well well okay well today. We have the episode directed directed directed directed directed directed directed directed directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene you know I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so like so stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So So So So So So So So So we are back in the uh okay um I mean I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or or or or or or or or or comments participant you know like um okay well uh like uh skip any personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I like okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um I mean so guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga here, but you came on my so like I mean uh like I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is is is is is is is is is podcast go pootie sensitivity case like uh so um um I mean so so at at at at at at at at at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast like um um I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay uh so. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or the producer and curator you know um um um um you know you know know know know know know know know know so of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it it it it it it it it it uh uh like I mean uh you know I mean okay Brittany American humor humor humor humor humor humor humor humor humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your okay uh you know you know uh um uh okay host Pearson Fowler and and and and and and and and and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to talk okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like I mean so well uh like about South Carolina's incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi State Bulldogs, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so well uh okay 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and and and and and and and and and they did and it you know uh I mean like well you know I I I I I I I I I mean um wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got got got got got got got got got up big early and okay um well so uh like um you know then then then then then then then then then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and then then then then then then then then then I mean you know um okay well I mean well I mean by the second second second second second second second second second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast you know know know know know know know know know uh you know well um you know I mean so because you know, they only only only only only only only only only won by 12 and most of the time okay uh uh so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so they were up by like six or something like that but it felt um um um um um um um um um um uh so I mean you know okay okay comfortable in South Carolina did it it it it it it it it it without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot okay so okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um I mean of good performances from a lot of different areas and and and and and and and and and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of of of of of of of of of adult so uh um like uh okay I mean um subject matter including details of of of of of of of of of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable for you know like I I I I I I I I I mean you know well I mean okay um everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely rare for a child make up something you know um like uh well like you you you you you you you you you know I mean about sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their their their their their their their their their experience unless it's happened um you know um so um I mean you know know know know know know know know know I mean to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made made made made made made made made made by well so well like well so well like activists on a mission to make make make make make make make make make public the secret scourge of child abuse and um so okay well um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so this PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists therapists therapists therapists therapists therapists therapists therapists therapists well so like I mean I mean so um okay doctors popular TV actors like the the the the the the the the the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, welcome hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have myself Joakim at you know I mean um so um you know I I I I I I I I I mean so Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today today today today today today today today today starts with GDC 2020 you know I mean well um so so you know uh has has has has has has has has has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets Markets Markets Markets Markets Markets Markets Markets Markets by um okay um I mean you know you know okay okay sensor sensor sensor sensor sensor sensor sensor sensor sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot uh you you you you you you you you you know you know okay like I mean so okay Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen so so so well um um um um um um um um um okay well like Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you you you you you you you you you guys doing? All right uh uh well um well I mean okay you know can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, right? okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh well you know like you know well I'm you got a hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates well you know uh um um um um um um um um um um well okay um and I've got three quick updates. First of all got to to to to to to to to to give a shout out uh you know um okay okay um like you know to to to to to to to to to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie I mean I mean like so well uh I mean I mean and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I I mean uh um uh I I I I I I I I I mean um okay I mean like to call the great exfoliation debate because we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got two different points of view like you know well um I mean um um um um um um um um um you know I mean and we're going to Duke it out. Mano a a a a a a a a a mano this week. We will also I mean I mean you know well you know know know know know know know know know like I mean you know of course do our wine pairing because we are are are are are are are are are your Somali A's and I mean you know uh well well like okay you know this this this this this this this this this week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know like I mean um like Bolder just like exfoliation. I I I I I I I I I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain so like you know so so so so so so so so so so so um uh blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old old old old old old old old old I mean so like you know like I mean you know um Ellen Turner Turner Turner Turner Turner Turner Turner Turner Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out of uh well well well well well well well well well I mean okay like you know I mean uh their Fortune. Welcome to today and and and and and and and and and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the like you know you know know know know know know know know know okay like well so I mean abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a a a a a a a a a 30 um um okay well like uh you know you know year old aspiring politician with designs designs designs designs designs designs designs designs designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back um you know well well so so so so so so so so so you know um like to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826 1826 1826 1826 1826 1826 1826 1826 1826. Lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner okay so so so so so so so so so well like uh like you know so. My name is Denise Ferguson from fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 you know so you know so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um salon, and we run UK salon owners today. We're here to to to to to to to to to give you a I mean well um you know um I mean uh I I I I I I I I I mean first episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories that okay you know so so uh okay I mean well focus of us have heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard over the years of working with salon owners and I mean like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay well uh every Tuesday. We are going to bring to you you you you you you you you you all of the funny stories you so like um you know you know uh um um um um um um um um um well guys Us so if you've got any funny stories, please do email email email email email email email email email so um you know so I mean okay um um us and we'll give you you you you you you you you you the email address at the end of the podcast um so I I I I I I I I I mean okay like like well okay. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? I I I I I I I I I will start with my first like so you know um um I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay two because these are the these are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is which is which is which is which which which which which which which which which is which is which is which is which is Introduction to our new podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast called like uh like you know like like I mean so three days days days days days days days days days later, which if you know us we are the days with three I mean like I I I I I I I I I mean uh so okay uh you know beautiful boys and this podcast is our journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey that we took to bring them you know uh well you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, and this so um uh like uh well okay okay is Journey so I decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every like um uh so you know know know know know know know know know like okay um day. I get I get I get I get I get I I I I I I I I I get I get I get I get a text message from somebody that says hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, I have okay okay um well uh you know um like a friend that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send uh well I I I I I I I I I mean um well I mean you know so them your way or I'll get some some some some some some some some some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And um um um um um um um um um um well like uh like well well this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley Ashley. Shh, and please keep in like well like well uh like you know well mind. I I I I I I I I I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you so well um um um um um um um um um like so you know you know you know were born in a a a a a a a a a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so and so and so so so so so so so so so and so and so and so and so and so and so so well you you you you you you you you you know um you know well like I mean if you simply Google the difference between between between between between between between between between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth you know you know so so so so so so so so so so okay like well like of information on the internet. And so if You were were were were were were were were were to nakshatras a way to put you know okay well so uh well well well well well well well well well well like it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Robin ups, but I'm joined okay you know I mean so um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh okay so okay okay well of football autobiography analysis the one and and and and and and and and and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha. All so I mean I mean so so I I I I I I I I I mean so like right. But this but this but this but this but this this this this this this this this this but this but this but this but this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we we we we we we we we we all know you know like well so I mean well well well Lori mcmenamy's I I I I I I I I I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh you know you know well I mean the 80s probably also also also also also also also also also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on or I mean you know know know know know know know know know like uh like um so uh near the do I not like that that that that that that that that that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good uh well okay so you know like I I I I I I I I I mean uh guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay you know uh okay uh I mean start brushing on the the the the the the the the the top of your mouth on one side and brush a uh uh okay you you you you you you you you you know okay um so so little circles around each T3. It's heroines week where every every every every every every every every every day we tell you the well I mean so you know well so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh story of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so um well I mean so um helped Farm Workers be treated fairly by by by by by by by by by the people. They work they work they work they work they work they work work work work work work work work work they work they work they work for the Laura well um like well well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um sweat that grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage heritage heritage heritage heritage heritage heritage heritage heritage. Dolorous you know you know like um you know okay like um. His father father father father father father father father father worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family you know know know know know know know know know uh well um like so so like didn't have much money, but Dolores was was was was was was was was was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and I mean you know uh I mean you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean so became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt shalt shalt shalt shalt shalt shalt shalt shalt not covet I mean like um I mean you know um um so thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor you know know know know know know know know know like okay I mean uh like uh you know anything that is his his his his his his his his his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um I mean um uh I mean nevertheless in part. They also concern concern concern concern concern concern concern concern concern us for they do not interpret them as referring uh well uh you know well um um um um um um um um um uh you know to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they they they they they they they they they also thought that they well you know okay you know like well uh so so so so so so so so so had kept all those when they had done or not done. The external act act act act act act act act act. Therefore I mean I mean okay like I mean uh so I mean God God God God God God God God God has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where where where where where where where where where the uh so like you know you know so um well Kool-Aid Jammers Jammers Jammers Jammers Jammers Jammers Jammers Jammers Jammers today. We will we will we will we will we will we will will will will will will will will will we will we will we will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the the the the the the the the the so you know well I mean so like like okay slaughter by Roald Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony you know I mean well well well well well well well well well okay okay okay um well in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book book book book book book book book book was written by the well um you know I mean so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990 I I I I I I I I I mean like so you know you know you know I mean well. He He He He He He He He He is most famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and like like like like like like like like like well um okay I mean you know um like Matilda. He has sold over 250 million million million million million million million million million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's okay like so okay I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well talk about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her her her her her her her her her house you know you know well like so so like so for her husband turned from from from from from from from from from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean you know um well. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say say say say say say say say say that um uh well like you know uh I mean like you guys have been been been been been been been been been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with well you know know know know know know know know know well uh um I mean well like the reviews with everything. Now. This is is is is is is is is is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so so like you know um um um um um um um um um um like well um I wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send send send send send send send send send it off, but well uh you know uh well like like okay I wanted to to to to to to to to to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl um so um I I I I I I I I I mean like so I mean okay. 1081 the two guys that didn't do a a a a a a a a a good comment, but I mean, so so uh I mean you know well like well well well well well well well well well hey they have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay so like okay uh uh Fargo. You guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys have been amazing. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so you know well uh well uh of last year. So a so a a a a a a a a a so a so a so a so a so a so a so a good good good good good good good good good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not okay uh you know know know know know know know know know I mean so well so I mean really sure but I think I I I I I I I I I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. It's um it's um it's um it's um it's um it's um it's um it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's um it's um like well okay um uh I mean okay me me me me me me me me me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody well so well well well well well well well well well well so uh uh so and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from from from from from from from from from bulldozers. Hey move dirt that they like uh like I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well so like don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary Goodwin Munch like I mean so um you know I mean you know like. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, thanks well, thanks well, thanks well, thanks well, thanks well, thanks well, thanks well, thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks okay, folks okay, folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks okay, folks okay, folks okay, folks okay, folks okay, folks okay, folks enjoy this this this this this this this this this episode like well okay um okay well well I mean of musings musings musings musings musings musings musings musings musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did how how how how how how how how how did how did how did how did how did how did how did how did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have been been been been been been been been been well um you know well so well so well responsible for convertible Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars. Hope you're hope you're hope you're hope you're hope you're hope you're hope you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're hope you're hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's a you know know know know know know know know know um um like well uh well so bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly silly silly silly silly silly silly silly silly talk sports here. And we're back. Once you know okay um well like you know know know know know know know know know like well again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you you you you you you you you you around uh uh I mean okay like I mean okay so another episode season season season season season season season season season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little I mean so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Rob I'm Rob I'm Rob I'm Rob I'm Rob I'm Rob I'm Rob I'm Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob I'm Rob you know um so like I mean well you know so Thomason. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well uh so I mean like to give a shout out to all all all all all all all all all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually you know okay I mean so well well well well well well well well well okay like okay have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we it's we we we we we we we we we it's we it's we it's we it's we it's we it's we it's we we we we we we we we we started this and we were like uh uh so I mean like um um so so so so so so so so so Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've actually you know you know you know well like so like like had a a a a a a a a a lot of people we don't know listen to it and people reach out to well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh so so uh us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis things for the first time okay uh so so so uh um um. So thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for caring if you want to send us an email where he would love love love love love love love love love well uh you know you know um well well um to hear anything. Guys, if if if if if if if if if you have any thoughts so far if you okay okay um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so um want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here here here here here here here here here to tell you know like so well well I mean I mean you know you you you you you you you you you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the well so so so so so so so so so like like like I mean so well easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that like okay I mean I I I I I I I I I mean um uh okay uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your phone or computer you know like okay um like okay well well. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on um you know know know know know know know know know like um uh uh I mean well Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you can make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with I mean so uh you know like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download you you you you you you you you you know well like okay um you know like like the free anchor app or or or or or or or or or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I uh I I I I I I I I I uh okay okay like you know okay you know like wanted to take a brief brief brief brief brief brief brief brief brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way so you know know know know know know know know know like like uh you know um so possible to start your very own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually you know um well uh like like like like like like like like like like you know so having a service to host and distribute the show as well as as as as as as as as as software to well like okay like okay you know you know okay record record record record record record record record record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet packet packet packet packet packet packet packet packet well um you know well like uh so uh a podcast and have a distributed to to to to to to to to to different podcasting platforms while also using different software okay so well so okay uh you know know know know know know know know know like as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need need need need need need need need need to okay uh um well I mean like so like record host and Ribbit our our our our our our our our our podcast for free either from my computer tablet uh you know I mean you you you you you you you you you know like you know okay um or cell phone. Not only that anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make okay like um I mean okay like so so so so so so so so so uh money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, you better like um like okay so well so so be serious about using anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic uh so um so I mean um like um. We're going to be be be be be be be be be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin um okay you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean um um so eater. Liar. Liar pants liar pants liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar pants liar pants liar pants liar pants liar pants liar pants liar pants per per per per per per per per per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway. Yeah um you know know know know know know know know know okay you know so um I mean you know. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back back back back back back back back back to another live stream / podcast guys so okay well like like like like like like like like like like like like well. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As As As As As As As As As you know you know well well you know I mean so like if you're listening on on on on on on on on on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is is is is is is is is is episode 48 well you know okay I mean uh I mean so uh baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know well I mean so well so so blessed to be here to to to to to to to to to be an instrument of service to okay uh okay like so you know so I I I I I I I I I mean all of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and and and and and and and and and this is like I mean like you know well so like so episode 48 and today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well um okay um uh so subjects. You can't have both you have to to to to to to to to to make a choice. So I can't wait so like so uh so like you you you you you you you you you know I mean to get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. Welcome to so uh so well I mean I mean like uh episode 48 Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship um um um um um um um um um so I mean okay you know um um um at the age of 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 over the last four years have built plenty of I mean um well so so so so so so so so so you know um um uh other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, been, been, been, been, been, been, been, been, you know more fortunate well okay well well so well you know you know know know know know know know know know and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to to to to to to to to to thank well I mean like uh well so okay okay you for your support support support support support support support support support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay um well this one. If you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about anchor its easiest way to make podcast like okay so you know you know um I I I I I I I I I mean so. It's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally it's totally it's totally it's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast well I mean you know well well well uh so so so so so so so so so right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So you I mean um I mean so uh well um okay can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can um so you know know know know know know know know know okay you know like I mean like also make money from your podcast. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything you need to make a successful I mean um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay well podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started started started started started started started started started well um I mean um you know so so uh at every touch point of you you you you you you you you you doing business with your customers give them 10 times well um um like so um so so so so so so so so so um the value that they expect will comes to mind is my book The The The The The The The The The Five like uh uh uh uh you know okay uh AM Club. I spent four four four four four four four four four years on the five am Club. I rewrote I rewrote I rewrote I rewrote I rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote I rewrote I rewrote I rewrote I rewrote it I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I mean okay so I mean you know you know over 50 times every line line line line line line line line line. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I I I I I I I I I wanted I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so um so okay um so your first time listening, listening, listening, listening, listening, listening, listening, listening, listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know uh um like um like and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend dividend dividend dividend dividend dividend dividend dividend dividend growth strategy. I thought um so okay well um okay you know you you you you you you you you you know this episode was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but but but but but but but but but a bunch um I mean so like like I mean um um of things that that that that that that that that that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update uh you know know know know know know know know know you know okay I mean uh so uh episode. Obviously, we have the coronavirus and and and and and and and and and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've um well I mean you you you you you you you you you know so okay uh like got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have have have have have have have have have into its seven billion well I mean well so so you know uh um dollar purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in um um so so so so so so so so so like like like okay so this podcast for those of limb Bush and and and and and and and and and do not necessarily reflect the opinions like like so like you know I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know of American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor advisor advisor advisor advisor advisor advisor advisor advisor who serves as a I mean uh like so well okay um uh portfolio manager to to to to to to to to to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like well like well mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said said said said said said said said said that okay uh um so uh you know okay you know when Lee was was was was was was was was was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are I mean you know um um um um um um um um um okay um I mean well like going to start running after him. But anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, but anyway, but anyway, but anyway, but anyway, but anyway, but anyway, but anyway, but but but but but but but but but anyway, yeah to that video every I mean uh I mean uh so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so one of us. I don't know. I think I think I think I I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think it's in the the the the the the the the the souls of our DNA so I mean I mean uh uh so so okay. We We We We We We We We We believe that there is this life we can live that that's just a little little little little little little little little little bit okay I mean um so okay you know you know um further than where we we we we we we we we we are that if we get enough power we can we can I mean um well well well well well well well well well uh so uh you know you know live this life that is extraordinary. And And And And And And And And And and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and so Way we think about this well like um so so so so so so so so so uh like well okay as we kind of got if I can give all of of of of of of of of of myself and be disciplined I mean uh I mean well I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life life life life life life life life life. Then like well um like um so so so maybe I can get get get get get get get get get there and be extraordinary. It's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind of its wild into us it was was was was was was was was was widened to you. I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is I I I I I I I I I mean okay so um well okay so okay based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House you know okay you know know know know know know know know know okay like I mean um I mean and youth Ministries websites. It is our our our our our our our our our desire at youth Ministries to see well you know you know like you know know know know know know know know know you know uh like you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily time with him. Remember like uh like so well I mean well well your your your your your your your your your daily devotion matters. March 6th march 6th march 6th march 6th march 6th march 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th march 6th march 6th march 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 well uh so I mean um okay I mean well through 3. So all so so so so so so so so so all so all so all so all so all so all so all so all the congregation congregation congregation congregation congregation congregation congregation congregation congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the so okay like so uh like like like like like like like like like okay you know people wept that night in all the children of Israel Israel Israel Israel Israel Israel Israel Israel Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and like I mean uh I mean like like like like like like like like like uh so um the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys um um um um um um um um um um okay like um um like you know know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right right right right right right right right right. If you haven't heard you know I mean okay okay so you know well well well well well well well well well so about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free free free free free free well you know um like okay well so well. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone like okay I mean okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins so well you know okay uh like um um will distribute. Sorry your podcast for for for for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on I mean well you know um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum like well so I mean um uh uh like minimum listenership. Evidently, I I I I I I I I I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well so okay like okay one place download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- okay um I mean uh like so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat treat treat treat treat treat treat treat treat like um like uh so you know I mean well for episode 96 today over an an an an an an an an an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good like I mean um so um um um um um um um um um um I mean um old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are are are you are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and and and and and and and and and advice stories on okay like I mean like so like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor humor humor humor humor humor humor humor humor and a little bit you know uh okay you know I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi and and and and and and and and and uh uh like okay well so like I mean welcome to the parenting in the the the the the the the the the thick of it show. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Louise uh okay okay so so so so so so so so so um so I mean well Clark a certified parent coach known to to to to to to to to to many as your parenting partner as a like well so you know um um um um um um um um um like so okay mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably I've probably I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've probably I've probably I've probably I've probably I've probably I've probably I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've probably been there done that well so uh well um so you know like like like like like like like like like and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced I I I I I I I I I mean um uh uh like like I mean so firsthand. I created this podcast because I I I I I I I I I just love to help moms like you find okay um like you know so you you you you you you you you you know uh um ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find find find find find find find find find a way out well you know well I mean uh uh um well of of of of of of of of of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay uh like well well writes after they get out of school about how how how how how how how how how they couldn't do their taxes okay uh you know like um well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay um you know so like well somebody teach them do their their their their their their their their their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's um well well um so I I I I I I I I I mean um like called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They They They They They They They They They taught you how um I mean like you know okay well you know know know know know know know know know uh to add and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line you you you you you you you you you line you line you line you line you line you line you line you you you you you you you you you line them up uh um okay uh so uh okay well in a column you add add add add add add add add add some together, you subtract some the Part about that like well so I mean well well well well well well well well well uh uh okay is you were taught how to follow directions. There's directions directions directions directions directions directions directions directions directions at the top of the uh I mean um well you know so like like like like like like like like like so paper. You were supposed to read them. You read those directions and you follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow them. So like you know I mean well uh you know well okay you you you you you you you you you were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact uh well you know know know know know know know know know um okay um so well that you can't follow directions and do simple math math math math math math math math math doesn't mean that you um I mean like I mean um well well okay weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't taught that in school. It just means that you can't do simple math like like like like like like like like like uh um like you know you know like um or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners so so so so so so so so so like well I mean well like so um may find offensive. Listener discretion is is is is is is is is is advised especially for children under 13. The small well so um okay um you you you you you you you you you know um you know wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal coastal storm screams reverberated from within and well like okay you know I mean uh I I I I I I I I I mean you know echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds mother Leeds mother Leeds mother Leeds mother Leeds mother Leeds mother Leeds mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother Leeds mother Leeds was um you know so like um like uh you know in labor labor labor labor labor labor labor labor labor with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered whispered whispered whispered whispered whispered whispered whispered whispered well you know uh um um uh you know well that she was a a a a a a a a a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs okay okay uh um like you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean of eyes that watched on in horror from the corners of of of of of of of of of the room. She couldn't well so like well well so you know so provide for for for for for for for for for another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week Week Week Week Week Week Week Week Week fashion Week fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the Fashion Week Week Week Week Week Week Week Week Week baby. The world's number like okay you know I mean so uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since since since since since since since since since I must I mean I mean well I mean um I mean like like like like like like like like like you know mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last last last last last last last last last weekend. I went I went I went I went I went I went I I I I I I I I I went I went I went okay um like I mean okay um well well well well well well well well well I mean back home to dinner right then. My mom my mom my mom my my my my my my my my my mom my mom my mom my mom my mom my mom asked me a son son son son son son son son son you are doing this you know um okay uh okay well um so. Ian, Ian, Ian, Ian, Ian, Ian, Ian, Ian, Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very bad son all this well well well well well well well well well like uh okay so like well like while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this this this this this this this this this podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's uh um you know you know uh uh like like like like like like like like like like Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 a dress, you you you you you you you you you know so um um I mean so well you know you know we Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese people and we don't like the number for all neighs now today. We uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well so uh uh uh uh have a very special guest now. I I I I I I I I I know it's a lot of uh I mean well you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well you who've been listening. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been I've been wondering when in this season I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I mean you know like so um okay okay uh to see an Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have we have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting ready so uh you know well well well well you know to do another another another another another another another another another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had uh you you you you you you you you you know you know um okay like so uh a thought want to get out out out out out out out out out of my brain. Working on some you know functioning like uh um well well well well well well well well well well okay okay um on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there there there there there there there there there. Had someone message I mean okay like uh so I mean like uh me on one one one one one one one one one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision. They you know okay well well well well well well well well well well okay you know um um wanted to make they were believing LPN who who who who who who who who who had been wanting to get into RN okay well I mean so so you you you you you you you you you know like like school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal. They were they were they were they were they were they were they were they were they were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are are are are are are are are are doing episode 2. First okay first okay first okay first okay first okay first first first first first first first first first okay first okay first okay first okay so okay I mean um uh I I I I I I I I I mean uh of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do do do do do do do do do that last like like well well so so uh you know time. My name is Adam and and and and and and and and and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind I mean well so um um um um um um um um um um like well you know of branching out into Bill directing the writing writing writing writing writing writing writing writing writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm Andre well um well okay you know know know know know know know know know well so uh and with bedre, I am an actor. And I would say say say say say say say say say I'm I okay uh uh so well uh I mean um would classify myself an an an an an an an an an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all so well well well well well well well well well so um okay I mean uh uh about doing Margot. Robbie is robbie is robbie robbie robbie robbie robbie robbie robbie robbie robbie is robbie is robbie is robbie is robbie is robbie is robbie is emerging emerging emerging emerging emerging emerging emerging emerging emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but so so um like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean uh like I also delve into Visual Arts and and write write write write write write write write write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna I'm Jenna I'm Jenna I'm Jenna I'm Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna I'm Jenna I'm Jenna I'm Jenna I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know like so like I mean okay video series. It's your boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off okay okay I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um you know uh um. Wow. What a what a what a what what what what what what what what what a what a what a what a what a what a crazy week in the the the the the the the the the sports card market and World. It has uh so like well I mean well um um um um um um um um um uh been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a a a a a a a a a lot of like okay you know I mean okay uh um you know the specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone uh well so well well well well well well well well well well uh uh you know up significantly. So let me break through those purrs purrs purrs purrs purrs purrs purrs purrs purrs with you because I think that's like so well so okay you know know know know know know know know know okay well actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about how Luca don't okay like so you know uh you know well like you you you you you you you you you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this now, this this this this this this this this this now, this now, this now, this now, this now, this now, this now, this this this this this this this this this was February I mean uh I mean I mean you know you know like like like like like like like like like uh 27th. Currently the currently the currently the currently the currently the currently the the the the the the the the the currently the currently the currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 $450 $450 $450 $450 $450 $450 $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host host host host host host host host host any um I mean okay well so um okay okay pain fucking livid right right right right right right right right right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm so okay so so so so so so so so so uh I mean so you know um so pumped right now here with with with with with with with with with me. We have a we have g hi. Hey, how's it going? so you you you you you you you you you know well well you know like you know uh Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and and and and and and and and and he got Phillips. Hey, what's up? like so like so like so like so so so so so so so so so like so like so like so like so like so I mean like like like like like like like like like uh I mean okay well And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played podcast okay I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay so so well uh with the died saving gang. I'm Mason Mason Mason Mason Mason Mason Mason Mason Mason. I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the I'm the referee for now and until eternity now long I mean you know know know know know know know know know so okay I mean uh I mean like. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Stan I I I I I I I I I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey. I'm playing Tucson like um um um um um um um um um well well well well you know like and he's a computer specialist. I'm John John John John John John John John John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote okay you know you know well you you you you you you you you you know I mean so like the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey just jokes listeners well so um okay uh like you know I mean before we we we we we we we we we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank okay you know know know know know know know know know okay okay um uh uh okay our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about any Kurds easiest way to make a like well um I mean uh like um so so so so so so so so so podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a a a a a a a a a well I mean like I mean um so okay uh creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and you know know know know know know know know know okay I mean you know you know um okay uh computer makes it very simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay like you know like. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no okay like uh okay well well well well well well well well well well um um minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in in in in in in in in in one place um okay well uh so well um uh download the free a tinker tinker tinker tinker tinker tinker tinker tinker tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get um um so um okay so um so started. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely just want um um um um um um um um um well you know like uh you know um um to thank everybody for the support support support support support support support support support and for showing us so much love. It well you know uh you know know know know know know know know know okay I mean well uh was really appreciated and it motivated us even even even even even even even even even more to talk about today's topic. Which okay which okay which okay which which which which which which which which which okay which okay which okay which okay which okay which okay you know so so so so so so so so so uh you know um like you know is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So So So So So So So So So you're probably why I asking like um um like like like I mean um you you you you you you you you you know what in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities having xiety? so you know well well like so so I mean Well, there's a a a a a a a a a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel so uh you know know know know know know know know know okay I mean uh um um like a lot of people kind of take that that that that that that that that that in just one way which I mean um okay uh I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um uh is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you you you you you you you you you do compared to everybody like I mean okay um okay you know you know know know know know know know know know I mean. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening you're listening you're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with with with with with with with with with thoughts and insights okay well well so you know like okay okay for the the the the the the the the the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints uh well well well well well well well well well uh uh uh you know well like. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here here here here here here here here here with me this week. This okay so so um you know you know so so so so so so so so so well episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make make make make make make make make make this um uh um so okay you know well I mean podcast. If you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know okay so well well podcasting. Anchor is free to use and and and and and and and and and they have a creation tool that allows uh so like you know uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger will um well you know like um okay well well also distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um so you know like and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you you you you you you you you you need to make like you know okay uh I mean like so so a a a a a a a a a podcast all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap Pratap Pratap Pratap Pratap Pratap Pratap Pratap Pratap FM like you know well uh so um so well to get started this week's lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going through uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay like like well so so a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for for for for for for for for for this meditation is to be laying down uh like uh okay um um well well well well well well well well well I mean on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your your your your your your your your your sides. You can also do you know you know okay um well so I I I I I I I I I mean well this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want want want want want want want want want to so uh you know uh well um so so make sure that that that that that that that that that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall um um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean you know okay if you have your legs crossed and and and and and and and and and if you are sitting in a so I mean uh okay well so I I I I I I I I I mean um chair have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up up up up up up up up up with your well so I mean I mean you know so okay um knees knees knees knees knees knees knees knees knees. So once you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh well I mean okay well I want you to find your navel navel navel navel navel navel navel navel navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel you know uh um um like like like like like like like like like like like uh and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the the the the the the the the the ESPN app TV top um okay uh okay so I mean so like now let let let let let let let let let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know um uh uh well after show. Today. We're going to be be be be be be be be be breaking down season 1 episode 9 okay okay like you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well fog of War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are are are are are are are are are getting so uh uh you know like I mean um like okay real and and and and and and and and and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and uh um um um um um um um um um okay well you know um so uh I am joined by two amazing panelists panelists panelists panelists panelists panelists panelists panelists panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman so like well like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a a a a a a a a a hello winning in well uh I mean okay okay I mean like uh that that that that that that that that that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding I mean so uh so well I mean you know I mean to to to to to to to to to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey okay um um um um um um um um um um you know okay uh okay I mean in the middle right guys, what did did did did did did did did did you think of this episode? This was so um well um okay okay um um um um um um um um um okay like emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat. Mmm uh like so okay um you know I mean well. Amen. Hey guys, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today you okay um well I I I I I I I I I mean uh so well uh get the pleasure of getting to know cat more more more more more more more more more. Oh cat is so great well um you know you know okay well uh um um um um um um um um um. I just want to let you know that she's one of the most loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving and so so like uh so uh I mean okay complimentary people I've ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her like uh so like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura knows. My okay uh I mean well you know uh you know you know know know know know know know know know number one. Love language love language love language love language love language love language language language language language language language language language love language love language love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved loved loved loved loved loved loved loved loved also lures like um like you know well like um well the best because full full full full full full full full full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying you know uh uh like like like like like like like like like I mean like uh well my section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo. Okay, you know like like you know okay okay um uh you know uh to keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why why why why why why why why why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to yes to yes to yes to yes to yes to yes to yes to yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real real real real real real real real real um like I mean well okay you know um like quick was just absolutely not not not not not not not not not no just try to see if I don't like you so well um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like so that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you you you you you you you you you always you um okay so you know I mean um like okay always had live live live live live live live live live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and I mean you know you you you you you you you you you know well you know so so um Andrew had cast all about couples and and and and and and and and and the things they go through we are you know um like you know so so so so so so so so so I mean okay um excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of of of of of of of of of requests for people to clarify well um like you know I mean uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview we interview we we we we we we we we we interview we interview we interview we interview we interview we interview we interview what Their Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Languages so you know so well like um you know well So today, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and why we you know know know know know know know know know okay okay okay so well okay well think they're important. But before we get into into into into into into into into into it, if you guys wouldn't mind like uh like um I mean like uh uh writing writing writing writing writing writing writing writing writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that really helps well um um um um um um um um um like you know uh okay I mean so us out and We love hearing your feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback as well. So the idea for I mean okay like um I mean well um um um um um um um um um well this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are how are are are are are are are are are how are how are how are how are how are how are how are well well well well well well well well well okay so uh well I mean okay uh you? I'm good. How are you? you you you you you you you you I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's been like okay so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean like a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, and we recorded I mean so well you know um so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This is so so so so so so so so so so okay uh um okay like so actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but but but but but but but but but this little Snippets recorded after you know okay uh well so I mean like I I I I I I I I I mean your episode. Halftime, so halftime, so halftime, so halftime, so halftime, so halftime, halftime, halftime, halftime, halftime, halftime, halftime, halftime, halftime, so halftime, so halftime, so halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a a a a a a a a a little bit earlier okay um so you know well uh you know like this week week week week week week week week week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that you know, this you know know know know know know know know know okay um okay well so I mean okay Gus could make it around but you you you you you you you you you know, we're recording the intro after we record so um well uh you know like like like like like like like like like so like the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this snippet snippet snippet snippet snippet snippet snippet snippet snippet part um okay um um so you know okay uh without the the the the the the the the the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works. So um so so so so so so so so so um so um so um so um so um so um so so so so so so so so so um so um um well well um uh well uh usually we recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded before the guest shows up this last step the set this I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay uh uh um I mean guess we didn't have time time time time time time time time time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast so okay uh well okay you know okay you know hosting service and they make things things things things things things things things things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when I mean you know um um um um um um um um um so well I mean I mean uh it comes to Distributing your podcast to all all all all all all all all all the different platforms Spotify Apple I mean well you know well okay okay um like like like like like like like like like podcast Google podcast. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it it it it it it it it it on top so um you know well I mean um so well of that. They They They They They They They They They have editing tools baked right into the website makes you know um um so well well well well well well well well well well like so life so much simpler back when I started podcasting. It was was was was was was was was was an entire to uh you know okay you know I mean um okay well well well well well well well well well do you had to know how to record it where to record it how how how how how how how how how I mean uh like um um you know like um to upload it pay for the the the the the the the the the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free okay so well okay uh so uh um um um um um um um um um and they will hook you up with advertisers so that you can make money download download download download download download download download download so so well well you know so okay well the anchor app or go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're so like so I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean well okay listening to the tenants on the Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at well I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like well you know patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain gain gain gain gain gain gain gain gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only okay uh okay um uh okay like like like like like like like like like like if you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a a a a a a a a a you know um um so um like you know um short favor. If you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're interested in either of the two books that I have okay uh well okay you you you you you you you you you know so uh I mean written and I'm about to release head on on on on on on on on on over to my website at the anxious so so like uh like like like like like like like like like I mean okay well truth.com books there. You can learn about both books books books books books books books books books one of which is free I mean like well so like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when when when when when when when when when each book so well okay okay okay I mean um you know is released released released released released released released released released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, I mean um um um um um um um um um so um well okay okay so let's get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes dudettes dudettes dudettes dudettes dudettes dudettes dudettes dudettes Drew here from the uh okay okay um like so well uh anxious truth? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast so uh so I mean you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean uh if to left to get to a hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred. I'm trying to arrange a okay so I mean um you know like like you you you you you you you you you know special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I don't know if if if if if if if if if it's going um I mean uh like um like I mean I mean to to to to to to to to to work out but I'm trying but that's good. It's going to be in uh you know know know know know know know know know uh you know I mean uh I mean you know a couple of weeks. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to rant a little Bit and this one okay okay so uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two you're two you're two you're two you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're two you're two you're two you're two you're two years old. And I love you uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean well you know you know I mean. This is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is fun to speculate a a a a a a a a a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy um well I mean like like like like like like like like like um well okay I mean ideas. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi everybody Welcome to a brand well okay like like like you know like um new new new new new new new new new episode of fun to speculate. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next next next next next next next next next to you know okay you know so okay well so like me is producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so so so last for the last episode. That's right. Yeah, because because because because because because because because because in the grand scheme uh uh uh I mean um like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of things we recorded it's actually been a while since we like sat here to to to to to to to to to I mean okay so okay I mean well well uh do and episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 2 because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um uh um okay span and we had a nice little break break break break break break break break break in between and now we have to okay well okay well like well so so so so so so so so so like catch up and record one like every week or schedule another another another another another another another another another week of insanity. That's okay I mean I mean you know well like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay though. I love this show. I love I love I love I love I love love love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love this show. I want this show. I I I I I I I I I hope everyone I mean so well so so like so okay in the world listens listens listens listens listens listens listens listens listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I you know well um you know I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well I mean hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope I I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope we keep the topics coming in good you know uh you you you you you you you you you know you know um you know like uh thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is is is is is is is is is um uh like you know okay um uh um in session and we're happier tuned in in in in in in in in in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This um well so okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um I mean is episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm here to to to to to to to to to give you well like um uh I mean uh so like the scoop on Student Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life at Denison University. I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have two new okay well uh uh um um um um um um um um um you know uh um guests writing me this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks on and around the okay I mean um well okay um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name my name my name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name is is is is is is is is is Caleb. I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um um um um um um um um um I'm um I'm um I'm um I mean you know uh so okay you know you you you you you you you you you know a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an an an an an an an an an hour east of Campus I mean well so I mean um okay I mean like. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm on I'm on the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus campus and I like uh okay you know I mean so um I mean am an admissions coordinator coordinator coordinator coordinator coordinator coordinator coordinator coordinator coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom I'm Dom I'm Dom I'm Dom I'm Dom Dom Dom Dom Dom Dom Dom Dom Dom I'm Dom I'm Dom I'm Dom I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore well so um um um um um um um um um uh okay um uh okay. I'm from Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with I mean so so so so so so so so so um you know well well you know well my friend and some fruits at at at at at at at at at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today well like uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh um is Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself apricot. It's so well um um you know like okay well uh hard for for for for for for for for for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like uh you know like like okay journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and and and and and and and and and Bounds that your dad so so well well I mean um okay um and I I I I I I I I I could have imagined from the beginning when we set out to um you know so I I I I I I I I I mean uh um like uh do this. Now before we go any further. We We We We We We We We We must tell you we have to so uh uh um so okay okay well well well well well well well well well correct the time. Me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we okay so so so so so so so so so um so um uh well so missed the fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take Take ownership of your personal well I mean okay so uh so you know uh development development development development development development development development development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also also also also also also also also also is like uh um okay okay um um uh our next self-improvement sit down guest. His His His His His His His His His name is Alex Sheen and he is the um um like um um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the charity charity charity charity charity charity charity charity charity uh uh I mean okay well well well so is to give people people people people people people people people people the resources and accountability. They need to live with courage and honor so um um um um um um um um um I mean so like you know okay I mean. I'll get into more detail detail detail detail detail detail detail detail detail about because I said it would in the interview, but I mean well well well well well well well well well well well um um okay you know for now, let's learn an important lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises are serious, and um well you know you know know know know know know know know know um well like you know they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises promises promises promises promises promises promises promises promises only when we so okay I mean like okay okay uh you know mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is is is is is is is is is um like so okay like well like well a statement telling someone you'll definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely do something or something will certainly happen in the I mean uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean like um future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised. I so so so so so so so so so uh well uh I mean um you know I mean guess there was a a a a a a a a a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that um uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay uh like I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got got got got got got got got got stiffed it out a okay um so like um uh I mean well little little little little little little little little little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise me. It okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay it okay it okay it okay it okay it okay it okay it okay it it it it it it it it it okay well um um so well um well is difficult to imagine the way that the the the the the the the the the disciples must. Have felt here towards the I mean um I mean you know like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean um end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting in verse 19 following it you know like so like okay you know so so so so so so so so so like says this and the evening of that first day of the week when the the the the the the the the the disciples I mean like like you know uh so okay okay were together with the the the the the the the the the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus came and stood among um um um um um um um um um okay uh so well you know I mean uh them and said peace be be be be be be be be be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom like like like like like like like like like you know so okay uh well well I mean of the Giants.com today today today today today today today today today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's I mean okay well so like like like like like like like like like well um well Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 points or you know uh so like like like uh you know when a a a a a a a a a loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return like okay well well well well well well well well well uh uh um so uh to what we used to last number of weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of okay like you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean you know a bit of a turn around We'll see when we we we we we we we we we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of like like like like like like like like like like well so okay so like like wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and and and and and and and and and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of like okay you know so like like like like like like like like like okay like okay philosophy at the City College of New York, and I I I I I I I I I will guide you through this so um I mean well like I mean well um um um um um um um um um reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The you know know know know know know know know know okay like so okay like well okay chief got consists in applying to the conduct conduct conduct conduct conduct conduct conduct conduct conduct of life and knowledge of the working like um well okay um so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what so you you you you you you you you you know uh uh okay I mean well okay is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to to to to to to to to to do like I mean so so well well you know um a meditation for the blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue river in China. Now water has the ability to so like well I mean okay well well well well well well well well well you know um carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive thoughts to okay like like okay uh you know I mean so a body of of of of of of of of of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean so like you know our guy. These consist mostly out of of of of of of of of of water. People who are connected with his uh so so um you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been guided to create this this this this this this this this this meditation um you know uh well like like you know well to help people people people people people people people people people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week week week week week week week week week this week so you know um well um I mean okay so. Okay, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, you know um you you you you you you you you you know well like uh okay um but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this this this this this this this this this has nothing to do like well okay okay well I mean so like with anything we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay well I mean um um happened to walk in and the very very very very very very very very very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching uh um so uh like like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm mad I mean so like I mean well like uh um. Anyways, me and and and and and and and and and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh well uh well. We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I I I I I I I I I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I I I I I I I I I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally so okay so I mean so okay like like like like like like like like like okay invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled spilled spilled spilled spilled spilled spilled spilled spilled her drink her water you know so so like you know I mean okay well well well well well well well well well everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron Cameron Cameron Cameron Cameron Cameron Cameron Cameron Cameron. He gets uh you know so uh well uh okay I mean a a a a a a a a a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very very very very very very very very very emotional. He's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a a a a a a a a a he's a he's a very emotional uh um I mean okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know man and but but he loves her very much. However today today today today today today today today today we made it like um well okay you know um well well to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down down down down down down down down down uh like I mean uh you know you know like well today. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session of the the the the the the the the the copy that uh well um like okay you know you know well thank you for for for for for for for for for coming today. Let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk let's talk let's talk let's talk about the coffee first and then so okay so so so so so so so so so um like okay okay so then let's do a little talk about you and finance finance finance finance finance finance finance finance finance and where we are well okay so I mean you know you know so so so so so so so so so okay. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday and I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've um uh uh so like I mean um uh got you a an espresso martini martini martini martini martini martini martini martini martini with a difference. So we're in this little um well uh well I mean well well well well well well well well well well so cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called called called called called called called called called Holly house in um I mean uh so okay like well you know Melbourne self self self self self self self self self American flavor to it. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so so so so so so so so so it's so it's so it's so it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out so so so so so so so so so okay I mean okay so okay um well of your day to join us as as as as as as as as as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals you know I mean okay you you you you you you you you you know uh uh okay okay to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss investing with our investment team uh well so um well uh like like like like like like like like like you know. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment investment ideas provided well well I mean you know I mean uh okay I mean in in in in in in in in in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so well okay uh like degroote School of Business or our partners partners partners partners partners partners partners partners partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by the well so like you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay so so individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to to to to to to to to to you about uh okay you know I mean like well okay I mean the the the the the the the the the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to uh you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean well um you know well make a podcast. Let me let me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you why first of all, it's because it's I mean like um like well like like like like like like like like like uh uh free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you to okay like like uh well you know okay like record and edit your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor you know like like like like like like like like like uh you know I mean um you know so will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple uh um so um so I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there. Another thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing is you can make um so you know so okay okay well I I I I I I I I I mean money from your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need need need need need need need need need like you know well so so like I mean okay to make a a a a a a a a a podcast all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or I I I I I I I I I mean like okay um you know I mean um so check out anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right like like like like like like like like like like okay you know so um uh um there. So do it, you know, when you you you you you you you you you do the little like clip or like well you know okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well so whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break part like like like like like like like like like I mean uh okay like so okay I mean where you put like an ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then I mean okay you know so I I I I I I I I I mean okay well so you do the thing and then we get back back back back back back back back back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a a a a a a a a a drunken Harry uh okay uh um you know okay like so Potter podcast. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your what's your what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your name Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles and I mean well like um um well uh um I'm Hannah and where'd you you you you you you you you you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that this time with added so you know well so so so so so so so so so um uh uh like alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are we are we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are reading chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters 5 & okay you know well I mean well um so you know 6 of of of of of of of of of Goblet of Fire. Correct name correct name correct name correct name correct name correct name name name name name name name name name correct name correct name correct name we discuss. Things that I can't you know like like like like like like like like like well so uh okay okay well remember at this moment in time, but it's funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you should I mean like so like well uh so so so so so so so so so um listen. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell yes make the strongest so well okay I mean uh well you know well well well well well well well well well cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is is is is is is is is is so I mean like well I mean well you know so Eric. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the well well well well well well well well well so well um like like you know you know first half of the New New New New New New New New New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so uh I mean um okay love and Soon into it. We realized realized realized realized realized realized realized realized realized that it was going to take a you know so um you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well long time. So we so we so we so we so we we we we we we we we we so we so we so we so we split it up into two two two two two two two two two episodes and here we are well I mean uh um you know okay you know know know know know know know know know you know back for part 2. All right. So check so check so so so so so so so so so check so check so check so check so check so check so check out out out out out out out out out that one first. We give well well um I mean okay uh like I mean a a a a a a a a a little bit more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions like like like like like like like like like okay you know well like okay you know uh are getting more and more intense as they they they they they they they they they continue their broken into three sets like uh okay like uh well I mean well well well well well well well well well. Definitely and we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? dudes dudes dudes dudes dudes dudes dudes dudes Oh my goodness, dude, like okay like well uh okay uh like dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I don't know like Barbara Ann uh you know um um um um um um um um um well well like like so. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its its its its its its its its its Barbara and yeah, it sounds you know well uh um okay um um so so so so so so so so so like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mouthing the lyrics lyrics lyrics lyrics lyrics lyrics lyrics lyrics lyrics uh okay uh I mean like uh like you know I don't know. Yeah, it's one one one one one one one one one of one of Jack's favorite songs is that like uh you know well um um um um um um um um um so okay um yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like like like like like like like like like a real well you know I mean well I mean uh well um clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This This This This This This This This This like okay well so um so uh I mean is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of of of of of of of of of the three founders from medical and okay uh um uh you know like you you you you you you you you you know well you our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a a a a a a a a a phone um okay okay like I mean uh uh so call to the the the the the the the the the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll okay uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh I mean hear a pitch the likes of which we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've never had on the show before. What uh what uh what uh what what what what what what what what what uh what uh what uh what uh what uh what uh like uh okay like like like like like like like like like well um okay does it pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product product product product product product product product product is built uh um okay uh okay I mean you know I mean in all all all all all all all all all the founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea so um um um um um um um um um well I mean um uh well so could turn into a big business today on on on on on on on on on the show. What a pitch sounds like so you know like well well well well well well well well well you know I mean I mean well when all you have are a few scratches on the the the the the the the the the back of the metaphorical napkin like okay um like so so like so from gimlet. This This This This This This This This This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean so well you know you know you know Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with with with with with with with with with me um so well um you know okay well well as Matthew Landry who who who who who who who who who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win and okay uh you know know know know know know know know know like I mean um I mean well seems to duck out on me me me me me me me me me when Alabama loses so glad to have well uh you know like well you you you you you you you you you know so you know you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's good to be here well you know okay like like you know um so so so so so so so so so good to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty you know well so um like well I mean like good pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well um uh like especially after losses. But today we're glad to be be be be be be be be be joined by Blake level who's the uh well um I mean so like okay like like like like like like like like like host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter um um um um um um um um um you know okay so so um well like at Blake level and he he's someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well uh uh by night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball community and does a you know okay um I mean okay so I mean um um um um um um um um um great job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh well I mean uh well doing boy? Well, it's well, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record you know well like uh you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean you know after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo I mean uh you know um well you know uh uh yo yo, what's up up up up up up up up up guys? What's up? What's up? So this so this so this so this so this this this this this this this this this so this so this so this so this week has been very interesting I mean so so so so so so so so so um so so you know so like for me. I also like I've been been been been been been been been been dealing with some issues one can say um I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so you know like towards in terms of anger in terms of when when when when when when when when when people would say like Darkness. And just I mean well so you know I mean you you you you you you you you you know well you know trying to find the ways for me to be be be be be be be be be able to kind of marry that like um so I mean so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so anger that I have inside with the positivity that I also have have have have have have have have have inside well well well I mean um uh so you know. We all we we we we we we we we we all we all we all we all we all we all we all we all all all all all all all all all go through that I guess so how deep it does the so well I mean I I I I I I I I I mean like well uh well rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's something that like I uh well I mean you know so I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will will will will will will will will will uh uh so you know um well like like be your host for our daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um I mean okay well to renew the title for today's devotional is loud loud loud loud loud loud loud loud loud and passionate. And the memory verse is um so like well like like like like like like like like like like uh okay taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on on on on on on on on on the last and greatest uh so I mean you know I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone uh I mean um so uh you know you know like who is thirsty thirsty thirsty thirsty thirsty thirsty thirsty thirsty thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to come uh so um um um um um um um um um um like well well okay to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It It It It It It It It It is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it is it is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I usually I usually I usually I usually I usually I usually I usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually I usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction so um I mean uh you know you know well okay for Saturday mornings. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's no there's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well so okay okay well likes to get up really early. But But But But But But But But But today's but today's but today's but today's but today's but today's but today's but today's but but but but but but but but but today's a little bit different. I keep thinking uh I mean um well so so so so so so so so so um okay like about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know I know I know know know know know know know know know I know I know I know I know I know I know know know know know know know know know her story is going to so so well like you know so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to listen. This This This This This This This This This one you know uh you know uh okay you know well uh all the the the the the the the the the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going so uh like uh um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this this this this this this this this this um uh um so okay okay like um half hour goes by fast. Now. I know know know know know know know know know this sounds like a Shameless plug but like you know well um you know know know know know know know know know so well like it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story story story story story story story story story. They need they need they need they need they need they need they need need need need need need need need need they need they need to well well well okay uh uh like you know hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh like okay um so um storms that have taken place in in in in in in in in in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay you know so you know think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you you you you you you you you you about you know you know you know uh like um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the the the the the the the the the well you know like so like okay uh so easiest way to make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation I mean so uh like like like like like like like like like well well you know like tools that will allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone uh um okay like uh you know like you you you you you you you you you know or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you you know like I mean you know well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more more more more more more more more more. It's you know like so well well um well um everything. You need to make make make make make make make make make a podcast all in one place, so don't If we anchor so uh you you you you you you you you you know I mean so you know okay um up today or go to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright uh so you know like like so so so so so so so so so so well now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys Welcome I mean um uh like like like I mean uh back to what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so crazy um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know uh you know I mean like to think that we've been doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this together for four weeks. I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess I guess I guess I guess I guess what they say okay so um um um um um um um um um okay okay well uh well about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, true, true, true, true, true, true, true, true, or at least it's true so uh I mean you know you know um um um um um um um um um uh uh for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the the the the the the the the the like so um um I mean like you know um music Joe. We're recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording now start with me. We got we got we got we got we got got got got got got got got got we got we got we got we got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do so well well well well well well well well well okay you know so um uh um the music for the guest right now now now now now now now now now. Is this the show this is so um well um I mean you know know know know know know know know know uh I mean where in the show now usually might go we say hello and and and and and and and and and introduce the podcast and okay well well uh so okay um so then the music music music music music music music music music plays. Okay reviewed. We review we review we review we review we review we review review review review review review review review review we review we review we review everything we have a guest today um you you you you you you you you you know uh so uh you know well um. We're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know I mean I mean um I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay so like like like so me explain it's free. There's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your okay like um um um um um um um um um well so um uh um podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So uh well you know you know you know so so so so so so so so so well uh it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more more more you can make um okay um well um okay you know um money from your your your your your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh well I mean you know make a podcast in one place. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called um well uh uh well uh like like like like like like like like like well condiment morning handicapped. Now this now this now this now this now this this this this this this this this this now this now this now this now this Pawn class is going to be about about about about about about about about about some of okay well like you know uh well well I mean my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, what's hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your it's your it's your it's your your your your your your your your your it's your it's your it's your it's your it's your host to virus. So delayed delayed delayed delayed delayed delayed delayed delayed delayed welcome back to I mean um so like um well I mean you you you you you you you you you know the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so we're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so happy to be here with with with with with with with with with you um like you know you know like like so you know all. Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we so we so we so we so so so so so so so so so we so we so we so we so we finally got the lovely well so you you you you you you you you you know like you know like so like lady back. Yes. It's been a while a a a a a a a a a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um um um um um um um um um I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um uh um well I mean I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay glad to be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to to to to to to to to to um you know uh like uh okay you know so all the the the the the the the the the podcast so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting feedback like uh I mean well well well um so and getting suggestions as far as as as as as as as as as what podcast you would guys would like so you know like so I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh to hear what topics you'd like us to discuss. So we are are are are are are are are are in mind uh okay so okay well um well you know that if you you you you you you you you you are sending suggestions that there that you are not the you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know okay so only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you you you you you you you you you you know um so so uh I mean you know okay. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy strategy uh I mean so you know well so like uh. So their focus is all about about about about about about about about about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up with uh uh well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh okay great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they they they they they they they they they spent countless hours I mean okay well well you know you know uh okay countless efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts efforts of prepare. During creating during creating during creating during creating during creating during creating during during during during during during during during during creating during creating during creating recreating the till business plan or so um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like um um even set of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire hire hire hire hire hire hire hire hire very expensive Consultants to do so, like um okay okay like you know know know know know know know know know okay I mean but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes goes to waste why um well you know well you know okay uh um because they they they they they they they they they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first my first first first first first first first first first my first my first my first my first my first my first my first of of of of of of of of of well okay like so okay like so okay all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me me me me me me me me me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, you know you know uh like uh well well well well well well well well well um well Mike I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not not not not not not not not not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not a trick question uh I mean I mean I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know. Okay. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I I I I I I I I I don't have to fucking like so so uh um you know okay um kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay well uh like uh died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he's fairly he he he he he he he he he said his whole life trying to prove uh so uh uh well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so the Earth is flat. He said he said he said he said he said he he he he he he he he he said he said he said he said he spent his days for $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 making a rocket. He you know um um okay so I mean um um um um um um um um um so said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of it well well well well well well well well well uh like well uh okay okay so. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class class class class class class class class class as we could have so well you know uh I mean okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot okay um um um um um um um um um well so okay like so so $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like we we we we we we we we we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had had had had had had had had had okay like like okay I mean so I mean you know girl Izzie Wilson about about about about about about about about about time management and how she does it. So is he I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so okay um I mean do you find it hard to to to to to to to to to balance time between all the stuff you okay so well um okay I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay do? Yes, it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything else had girl uh you know um like well um you know well duties, duties, duties, duties, duties, duties, duties, duties, duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when you know know know know know know know know know you know um so uh you know uh uh doing gcses and a-levels. So So So So So So So So So I have some days where I meant to be in uh you know know know know know know know know know um like well I mean well like three meetings at once which can be quite challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging. So I do need to so you know I mean you know I mean uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh have ways of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing chairing chairing chairing chairing chairing chairing chairing chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, hey friends, hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host an EF like like so um you know I mean so like like like like like like like like like down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the the the the the the the the the background, you well okay I mean okay so um okay um know, it's from our our our our our our our our our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab I mean like okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay a copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey friend. Just wanted to like I mean like you know so okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh thank you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill um you you you you you you you you you know you know uh like you know okay you know this week continue to send send send send send send send send send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate I mean okay you you you you you you you you you know uh like so so I mean to help them it's again at pray for Jillcom Jillcom Jillcom Jillcom Jillcom Jillcom Jillcom Jillcom Jillcom. They on they on they on they on they on they on they on they on on on on on on on on on they on the show is one well well you know you know uh um so so so so so so so so so like of my favorite the one of the OG bloggers one of the original I I I I I I I I I mean like um okay okay you know you know uh people that were writing writing writing writing writing writing writing writing writing in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just okay uh okay I I I I I I I I I mean well okay I mean I mean hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New New New New New New New New New York Times bestseller and her most recent book like so like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like you know just came out last week if called on on on on on on on on on the bright side and it is okay you know uh like I mean well so so so so so so so so so okay excellent. We jumped right in we haven't caught up in a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit and I think um uh like I mean like um um okay you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is the podcast the good stuff. This This This This This This This This This is well uh um I mean so um uh uh episode 7. I'm a to to to to to to to to to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So you so you so you so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay okay okay uh these are two very close friends of of of of of of of of of mine as of recent. I met them in college uh um you know uh uh so so so so so so so so so I mean okay and we're all very different people but we get along like like like like like like like like like great and the thing I mean I mean um um I mean like um you you you you you you you you you know is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious religious religious religious religious religious religious religious religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have you know you know I mean so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if if if if if if if if if anything that like makes um you know I mean uh like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you if you if you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you could go ahead and please you know so like um well uh you know like tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell me about your background how which like of course Walter My Religion because because because because because because because because because I practice like um so well I mean you know um okay theravada Buddhism and and and and and and and and and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Ann Foster like like I mean you know okay you know like I mean. And And And And And And And And And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I made made made made made made made made made I mean like so well okay I mean uh okay there be so many many many many many many many many many words in explaining what it is, but I think I've explained like like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh well um it properly in every episode so far. So So So So So So So So So in season one, we were looking well um um um okay well okay uh at at at at at at at at at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of like well um um um um um um um um um um so well um so well also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them them them them them them them them them did murder people this season we're looking so okay so like so so um um um um um um um um um so at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
