6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, welcome back. It's time it's time it's time time time time time time time time time time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time time time time time time time time time time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show like well uh like um um well well well well well well well well well well I mean so start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, side, side, side, side, side, side, side, side, side, but don't brush too hard so um uh uh you know you know like like like like like like like like like like okay okay. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different different different different different different different different different different heroic women from like um uh like um like um like so history tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most powerful female female female female female female female female female female warriors you know I mean like uh well um well okay well in ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in Asia called the so so so so so so so so so so like I mean well so uh well um um Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire Empire Empire Empire Empire Empire Empire Empire Empire Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons and so I mean well well well like well well well well well well well well well well you know uh could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real real real real real real real real real real like um you know well uh you know I mean okay you know good form form form form form form form form form form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf um okay I I I I I I I I I I mean um so I mean okay uh so shafts. I got to give a big big big big big big big big big big thank you to the man on well um I mean uh like like like well well well well well well well well well well well the phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of of of of of of of of of of marketing Innovation I mean so you know like I mean well um uh like like like like like like like like like like for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know know know know know know know know know know well okay so well um so you know I mean okay Don that you have have have have have have have have have have a lot of product not just in the I mean okay well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean okay Gulf side, but true also has what a Baseball division a a a a a a a a a a Hockey division lacrosse. Am you am you am you am you am you am you you you you you you you you you you am you am you am you am you know um uh like like like so so so so so so so so so so okay uh I am I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that I mean I mean I mean so uh okay okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so is correct. So true so true so true so true so true so true true true true true true true true true true so true so true so true so true Sports, so we were formerly known as as as as as as as as as as True Timber Sports uh okay um uh uh um so well uh until about the middle middle middle middle middle middle middle middle middle middle of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so so uh like um um. I lacrosse division are Baseball division and and and and and and and and and and they are all branded true. So it so it so it so it so so so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it so it made I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well like you know I mean um like sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports so um um um um um um um um um um um okay you know okay okay okay uh or to Templars were really just our our our our our our our our our our golf division. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, we make a so I mean well well well well well well well well well well so like I mean I mean I mean um wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined by two you you you you you you you you you you know um okay so well so like um I mean thousand nine playoff winner and and and and and and and and and and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the I mean okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean so you know uh podcast been a while. Yep, a lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots changed since the few years our last okay so um um like well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like Co-op view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very very very very very very very very very very rare. You're I mean uh okay so okay uh um uh okay not not not not not not not not not not been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In like like like like like like like like like like so I mean okay well um well uh um a few ways ready to to to to to to to to to to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting we're counting well um um you know well like like so okay down the the the the the the the the the the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're well you you you you you you you you you you know you know so um um uh you know like looking back to April 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles so um you know you know know know know know know know know know know like okay well well okay was only two games away from clinching a spot in the the the the the the the the the the semi-finals of the Hamburg like well so so well you know um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh open or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as as as as as as as as as as a crazed um like well uh well well I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean fan with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking you you you you you you you you you you know like uh you know okay I mean well um I mean sports events events events events events events events events events events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know you know you know like I mean I mean special. Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th april 30th april 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th 30th april 30th april 30th april 30th april 30th april 30th april 30th april april april april april april april april april april 30th 1993 the I mean well okay so well okay like well I I I I I I I I I I mean quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was you you you you you you you you you you know um so okay okay you know well okay okay only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark snark snark snark snark snark snark snark snark snark the well so you know so um uh like um I mean podcast where a a a a a a a a a a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and okay um uh like so you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean you know for some reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting uh I mean well like so so so so so so so so so so so um like you know a little bit. We are we are we are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so so um like so so okay but we're going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with with with with with with with with with with pumping um okay um like uh um well so well them out at at at at at at at at at at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've you know well well well well well well well well well well like okay so I mean like okay I mean opened up the line. So at at at at at at at at at at so at so at so at so at so at so at so at so at so so so so so so so so so so at any stage, you may get a call uh um um well you know know know know know know know know know know so well like I mean from a listener, even though this isn't life and and and and and and and and and and we must stop what we're doing you know uh like you know you know I I I I I I I I I I mean like so uh answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So So So So So So So So So So you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you guys I mean you know uh um like uh I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know are swept that is this If is this the quad quad quad quad quad quad quad quad quad quad point is this or we getting like I mean so uh uh okay well well well well well well well well well well like okay cold. I feel like this - I think this has the the the the the the the the the the makings of a you know okay uh um okay so like okay um stitch-up. Do you you you you you you you you you you do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you you do you do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel just well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean like okay you know like uh as you you you you you you you you you you just smack it down six months because I it's been nagging us for I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh I mean you know uh okay you know I mean the last two two two two two two two two two two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough signal um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know okay uh like okay and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean like so um uh well okay before structured walks. It has helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think okay um like uh okay um well well well well well well well well well well well uh I think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog how like you know you know um well you know well um I mean to to to to to to to to to to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't um okay okay like like like like like like like like like like okay so so well so get me wrong. I'm a huge advocate of exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise like we never usually talk about well so I mean well I mean you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh okay exercise on the show, but it's like I'm a huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge advocate of exercise. I'm well um well okay like you know so um okay a a a a a a a a a a huge advocate of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay you know like like so I mean well raw, but there's not too too too too too too too too too too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, um like okay so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so okay we've got a great how to start your dog on Raw Raw Raw Raw Raw Raw Raw Raw Raw Raw e-book on our website so I mean okay so I mean well um um um um um um um um um um so uh that you can buy. It's like 1999 and you can download it it it it it it it it it it and and well well um well well I mean so you know I mean then we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're big on engagement games or big on training, but we're really big as like well I I I I I I I I I I mean well well okay okay like like pet dog. Remember we're pet dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well well I mean so uh the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies and and and and and and and and and and like like I mean okay uh like uh uh uh gentlemen, go go for a wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild wild ride with the want to see cats, but like so well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well so you know beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws claws claws claws claws claws claws claws claws claws. For your own safety seen you know so so um okay so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony okay so like like well like um well okay is someone who is heavily influenced. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on you know well I mean okay okay uh so so so so so so so so so so okay well the podium. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to to to to to to to to to to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you I'm you I'm you know okay like I mean um you know uh um um um um um um um um um um I mean trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time time time time time time time time time time talk about beating so uh so uh well I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife wife. It's because um like I mean okay um well so like okay I I I I I I I I I I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know like so um well in a glass. What's up mother fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start I mean so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know so this pod with water dripping and 2f words words words words words words words words words words. That was dank. We we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we we just started. It's uh so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh you know uh uh well like actually been rolling. Alright, how alright, how how how how how how how how how how alright, how alright, how alright, how alright, how alright, how alright, how alright, how how how how how how how how how how alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah. That's uh okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well um so so a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode includes so so like okay I mean um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We We We We We We We We We We advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise we advise we advise Extreme uh I mean okay uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean so Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was was was was was was was was was was a good day for fishing though like uh okay like you know like well well well well well well well well well well I mean like. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow melt melt melt melt melt melt melt melt melt melt from the mountain swell uh so you know well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like okay. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It was the perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect condition for fish right okay um okay you know okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well for the catch. Alone angler stood in the cold muddy water searching searching searching searching searching searching searching searching searching searching for a spot you know okay okay so um uh well uh um to to to to to to to to to to drop his line as his gaze traveled down the river his I caught something so you know know know know know know know know know know so um uh so so like you know unusual a shadow just beneath the the the the the the the the the the surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking trafficking trafficking trafficking trafficking trafficking trafficking trafficking trafficking trafficking this episode um I mean okay I mean like so uh uh well is going to to to to to to to to to to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part so uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know I mean okay you know in the human trafficking that we see see see see see see see see see see in America today. So we're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're actually going going going going going going going going going going to be I mean like well uh like uh you know uh I I I I I I I I I I mean speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has infiltrated infiltrated infiltrated infiltrated infiltrated infiltrated infiltrated infiltrated infiltrated infiltrated uh like well well like you know um so so the United States as a a a a a a a a a a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are going to so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like okay um like like give you some facts about this whole situation after after after after after after after after after after these sponsored messages so I mean um so like um I mean well um um um um um um um um um um. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor um well okay I mean um okay so you know well is the easiest way way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you well uh so like like like like like like like like like like like well uh like you know know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that that that that that that that that that that allow you to you know you know you know well like you know like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends like um I mean so I mean um well I mean so Jay and Sarah. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better I mean like uh um um um um um um um um um um uh so so um well and that are to do right fucking Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage. This is sad, but shower a you know I mean so um okay you you you you you you you you you you know well um I mean podcast where we sit with ourselves each other and special special special special special special special special special special guests to share the Journey um okay so well like like you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh of going from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll I mean I mean um well well I mean you know so you know around the ideas. We We We We We We We We We We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six so so uh um um um um um um um um um um uh well well okay you know years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when when when when when when when when when when you kind of have to go so like um like so okay like uh like like like like like like like like like like through and learn things over again. It's the it's the it's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the world is is is is is is is is is is because you kind of lived in um okay like um you know you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean you know that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's not really the real life. It's just it's just it's just it's just it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's just it's just it's just it's just it's just it's just so you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean like well okay you know you know like you build build build build build build build build build build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single asingle asingle asingle asingle asingle asingle asingle asingle asingle sardine cannot do do do do do do do do do do much on its own accord. However, it has been told I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like well so I mean uh I have read that back back back back back back back back back back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath the you know well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean so okay well Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough Enough Enough Enough Enough Enough Enough Enough Enough Enough a enough a enough a enough a enough a enough a enough a enough a a a a a a a a a a enough a enough a school of sardines was powerful enough like like so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay like well together to force a large boat to stop in its its its its its its its its its its tracks and push it like okay you know uh okay like uh you know um um um um um um um um um um the other way tile friends. If you want to change for better in this this this this this this this this this this industry, well uh uh um I mean like you know um okay if you you you you you you you you you you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi met Javi met Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi met Javi met Javi met Javi met Javi met Javi met Javi met Javi our our our our our our our our our our job subsea up. Next I next I next I next I next I next I I I I I I I I I I next I next I next I next I mean so well so uh so um um um um um um um um um um I mean well podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps apps active be active Navajo like um okay uh like like uh uh like may be be be be be be be be be be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on that well well well well well well well well well well uh like uh you know um I mean so so hair Chirac are necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly a teacher who showed a a a a a a a a a a so like well like I mean well um like like total Bachchan Cooper hottie who who who who who who who who who who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial so you know okay like like like like like like like like like like so uh okay so like actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to to to to to to to to to to do like um I mean uh you know you know like okay okay with with with with with with with with with with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series so so so so so so so so so so um like so like uh well well like were a child with interesting people about about about about about about about about about about their careers and their life and their well okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know you know so I mean I mean well families. I'll be your host every every every every every every every every every every Fortnight. So make so make so make so make so make so make so make make make make make make make make make make so make so make so make sure that you stay tuned you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so uh okay okay well I mean and follow me on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end um well you you you you you you you you you you know so you know you know um well uh and follow as well unplugged artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if I mean okay you know well you you you you you you you you you you know you know well okay so you miss a week Weak don't worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry. You can always come back. So make okay well okay I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so I mean well um sure that you subscribe that you shared this video video video video video video video video video video this episode to your friends your like like okay so well okay um so so so so so so so so so so um family to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them them them them them them them them them them and I'll so I mean uh I mean okay like I mean so okay be be be be be be be be be be more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's you know well well well well well well well well well well okay um so well you know well um get into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to to to to to to to to to to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my my my my my my my my my my hello my hello my hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the the the the the the the the the the more, you you know um you know so I mean I mean so I mean um um um um um um um um um um know podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going going going going going going going going going going to talk about giving up I mean I mean well I mean like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I I I I I I I I I I okay um well so uh well um so I mean think that that that that that that that that that that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are imperfect you know know know know know know know know know know so like um well so uh like you know like Just it's The Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Human Condition. I want I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want you to know that every single okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know well well well well um well person on planet planet planet planet planet planet planet planet planet planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may look you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh okay uh like well okay like they're getting it right because there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's maybe one facet of their life that they're well you know well um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you know really focused on and really paying a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee um well okay you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I I I I I I I I I I know I know I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to to to to to to to to to to start a I mean okay okay uh well uh well you know uh podcast. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app uh well well well well well well well well well well okay um uh I mean um um so that allows you to create a podcast from scratch scratch scratch scratch scratch scratch scratch scratch scratch scratch. All you need is an idea. They've so you know you know so um um I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh got all the creation tools the recording the editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing and everything you need including um um well you know okay uh like like like like like like like like like like uh okay music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from from from from from from from from from from your phone um um you know you know well so uh so okay or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM okay okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh like okay well to get started. In this episode we look look look look look look look look look look at very simple things. You so um uh um um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh can do in 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get get get get get get get get get get excited um so I mean well um um um well I mean because this is is is is is is is is is is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese you know know know know know know know know know know like you know so um um you know you know so made with with with with with with with with with with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay um you know um I mean like I mean on on on on on on on on on on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well well um okay you know so um the only subject for debate debate debate debate debate debate debate debate debate debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing okay uh like like like like like like like like like like well okay so okay well okay this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to to to to to to to to to to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime like okay you know um I mean like so so so so so so so so so so well uh. And today I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and and and and and and and and and and Mallory you so well so well you know like like you know so so so so so so so so so so have floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just so so so so so so so so so so like I mean so so okay okay okay you know don't send him send him off off off off off off off off off off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? like I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean you know um like Thank you note. I'm at a hard disagree disagree disagree disagree disagree disagree disagree disagree disagree disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them so you know like so you know I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like you know a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see see see see see see see see see see Triple I mean um you know uh like well um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want you want you want you want you you you you you you you you you you want you want you want you want you want you want to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about some things I mean uh you know well uh I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian um um like so I mean so you know so okay. You just want to to to to to to to to to to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like you know so you know uh I mean uh is free and it's easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy to use. You can record while you're at home well um like well so so so so so so so so so so um um well I mean. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can record on the the the the the the the the the the go. Some of you you travel for work and you like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so um so I mean okay uh travel far distances, you can record record record record record record record record record record while on the road you don't have to do like you know uh like you know know know know know know know know know know um uh so so it at home and it's easy to use you just recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded episode you publish okay like you know uh well um you know um so it it it it it it it it it it. It uploads it uploads it uploads it uploads it uploads it uploads it uploads it uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads it uploads it uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to to to to to to to to to to and boom well like uh uh like um you know uh so. You've You've You've You've You've You've You've You've You've You've got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good yes good yes good good good good good good good good good good yes good yes good yes good yes good yes good yes good yes good good good good good good good good good good because it's time for like like well you know I mean um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so like like um uh okay um your mouth on one side, but don't brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush too hard. It's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week where uh I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so you know um like I mean well we talk about heroic women from history today today today today today today today today today today. We have we have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have the story of two you know um like like like like like like like like like like well so like you know you know like heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who who who who who who who who who who spent their lives helping people who are blind um you know well well okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you know so okay and deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more more more more more more more more more more than uh well well um I mean like I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I mean 100 years ago. Helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see so so so so so so so so so so you know so uh okay uh you know I mean I mean or or or or or or or or or or hear her world was dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well uh well like uh like uh her, but they couldn't figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case case case case case case case case case case we you know um uh okay well you know well like I mean need the the the the the the the the the the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes so so so so so so so so so so um I mean um I mean well uh like you know that specific reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't we couldn't we couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't have we like you know well so you know uh I mean well um um um um um um um um um um we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's part so uh uh well okay uh um um like of it is like the the the the the the the the the the visual is at least you know, 30% of it like uh so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean okay um. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I I I I I I I I I I want to tell ya but the like well so well um well I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so the it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week week week week week week week week week week of March 2nd I mean well so like so well like I mean well 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video video video video video video video video video video games and entertainment so uh well like um okay um so so recorded each. Week Week Week Week Week Week Week Week Week Week from New York City and bounce around cables and satellites all around okay like you know well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean like you know you know the world and right into a a a a a a a a a a listening device of choice. As always. I'm Paula uh so um well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well to my oh and this week we got to change change change change change change change change change change the copy but what my one okay so well so you know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh so so and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Chase Carter in the house. Yeah, you well you know um um um um um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh know, they could Chase for being here - out to chase you guys that that that that that that that that that that was a well um uh uh well like uh I mean okay really good good good good good good good good good good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again for yeah step in you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know you know so like I mean there. It was it was dope dope dope dope dope dope dope dope dope dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his his his his his his his his his his wife's bed chamber the well so I mean uh well um well okay like like like like like like like like like like fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born born born born born born born born born born as he like uh well um okay uh you know okay uh rushed past the the the the the the the the the the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know um uh okay so uh rain spattering against the glass. He He He He He He He He He He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him so uh I mean okay okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh like of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this this this this this this this this this this do this do this do this do this do this do this do this do do do do do do do do do do this do this evil thing you well okay okay well you know well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and and and and and and and and and and okay I mean I mean um uh um well you know um um um um um um um um um um tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall so so like like like like like like like like like like well I mean I mean you know I mean uh your cities will be be be be be be be be be be devoured by Flames. He shook he shook he shook he shook he shook he shook he he he he he he he he he he shook he shook he shook he shook his head. He couldn't think about like like like like like like like like like like okay like uh so well um so I mean those words now his sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out out out out out out out out out out. Thank you uh like like um uh well okay like uh so much much much much much much much much much much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean okay okay uh I mean okay I mean enjoy it. If you you you you you you you you you you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that you know know know know know know know know know know uh well well uh I mean like uh well will really help us out out out out out out out out out out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this so well like well well well well well well well well well well you know so so I mean you know thing. This first one really really really really really really really really really really is just us talking about some stories going to get I mean you know know know know know know know know know know okay well I mean um I mean so I mean you, you know a a a a a a a a a a feel for what we're going to be doing with okay you know well like um um um um um um um um um um well okay uh I mean this. We hope you like it. Also a also a also a a a a a a a a a a also a also a also a also a also a also a also a big big big big big big big big big big shout out to Eric so I mean I mean uh I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've recommended gotten um well uh well I mean okay you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean us past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on on on on on on on on on on the um okay you know so uh well um you know okay right right right right right right right right right right track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something like so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay I mean so well I mean like we're working on. We're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit it well um okay you know know know know know know know know know know you know um I mean you know I mean and smooth everything out that's best for for for for for for for for for for your ear holes so that you uh like okay uh uh so so like like like like like like like like like like like can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor the easiest okay well uh I mean well so um I mean uh way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so so so so so so so so so so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's free their creation tools so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well okay you know you know okay like that allow you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone or computer through okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay I mean you know you know well I mean their their their their their their their their their their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it can be uh you know know know know know know know know know know you know um I mean okay like um uh heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and any other streaming service you can really imagine you can well like like um like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean okay make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make so well so um like so um um um um um um um um um um um uh a podcast. In one place just on their app. So guys go download download download download download download download download download download you know like okay um well um uh okay um the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so um like you know. What's up, everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are glad and excited to okay you know know know know know know know know know know okay okay uh um uh well well be back for episode 2 we out here recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording just having a good time uh okay okay like I mean so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know. We first we first we first we first we first we first first first first first first first first first first we first we first we first we first off on our Instagram we decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today today today today today today today today today today. My okay uh like uh like like um I mean so my guest is Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City Royals um uh I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so I mean um okay so and we are we talked about who he he he he he he he he he he thinks is going to win the I mean I mean I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I mean like um you know okay BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how how how how how how how how how how it was playing for the Royals and more well okay so so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well. It's another short one. It's going to be about about about about about about about about about about five minutes. No, well that's segment I mean well so um uh like um um um um um um um um um um okay well is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole show. Hit like you know like so you know I mean like I mean like when when when when when when when when when when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But before we get into into into into into into into into into into okay you know so you know like uh uh well so that, I'm just just just just just just just just just just going to cover. The oh, I'm just going to run give you like like like like like like like like like like you know well okay well um I mean um um a rundown of the the the the the the the the the the all the games this weekend and I will I'm going to like uh um like like like like like like like like like like well like I mean um I mean talk about something else as well well well well well well well well well well. So first so first so first so first so first so first so first first first first first first first first first first so first so first so first game and the Wolves beat the well um well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean like well uh like flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take take take take take take take take take take a quick you know um uh okay okay like well well like minute and and and and and and and and and and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't I mean well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean um uh I mean well so heard about anger, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay so uh um uh let me explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and uh okay so uh I mean um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for so well um you know you know okay well well um you. So So So So So So So So So So it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more well well well well well well well well well well um I mean uh um well you know uh uh apps. You can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which which which which which which which which which which is um um like well um so uh okay I mean pretty huge you you you you you you you you you you guys it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know uh uh well okay uh okay free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to uh uh uh okay well well well well well well well well well well um so well uh the show. Hey there, hey there, hey there, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, how are are are are are are are are are are you? I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen you know uh you know like I mean I mean okay okay uh to to to to to to to to to to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a a a a a a a a a a premium account like well I mean um I mean I mean uh so um Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow your your your your your your your your your your I mean I mean um so I mean um well okay uh favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to like like like like like like like like like like you know um you know you know um well uh um listen to to to to to to to to to to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to so like um um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um so with your friends on Instagram, so if you you you you you you you you you you haven't done so already Ready, um so uh so you know uh well okay well well well well well well well well well well be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or browse so you know um you know I mean okay like I I I I I I I I I I mean um podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me me me me me me me me me me. So well like I mean like uh I mean I mean uh um you you you you you you you you you you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily I mean I mean like um so you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle fast by you know so like I mean um um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know John. Romanello of romanello of romanello of romanello of romanello of of of of of of of of of of romanello of romanello of romanello of romanello of romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we before we we we we we we we we we we before we before we before we before we before we before we before before before before before before before before before before we before we begin, you know you know like so so well so okay I I I I I I I I I I mean please find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an being an being an being an being an being an being an being being being being being being being being being being an being an being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and and and and and and and and and and emotional health. I get I get I get I get I get I get I I I I I I I I I I get I get I get I get cornered um um you know so well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean well um into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd like to take this opportunity I mean you know okay I mean well like um you you you you you you you you you you know okay to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions convictions convictions convictions convictions convictions convictions convictions convictions convictions. I have theories I mean um you know uh like well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't so so so so so so so so so so okay well okay um um um so you know stay here. Stop setting up your your your your your your your your your your tent. We can't stay here through my journey. It's uh like I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so so I mean become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time it's time to become reformers. These are well like so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh uh I mean okay my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome so so I mean uh so okay so well well well well well well well well well well I mean to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going to to to to to to to to to to well so you know so I mean you know okay uh so talk about Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and like like like like like like like like like like like like like like um okay uh uh I am ready to talk about some crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy shit. And that and that and that and that and that and that and that that that that that that that that that that and that and that and that is Leticia stop who has just well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so well okay okay been arrested this week for the murder of of of of of of of of of of Gannon. Now, if you follow me at all um um okay um like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that that that that that that that that that that she was guilty like I mean so like so I mean um okay well get get get get get get get get get get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she did it it it it it it it it it it uh I mean I mean well you know like um okay I mean. We have we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have we have we have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought to justice um okay so um uh I mean like well you know know know know know know know know know know for what she has done and be arrested and it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean well okay you know I mean uh so with uploading uploading uploading uploading uploading uploading uploading uploading uploading uploading it and putting it online. But now but now but now but but but but but but but but but but now but now but now but now but now but now but now we we we we we we we we we we do it was kind of so uh uh so okay well um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and and and and and and and and and and uh so like well well okay like uh so we went through a few few few few few few few few few few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f I mean uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean okay like well m which is awesome and who we we we we we we we we we we currently use now it's free. It's got well so well well like okay you you you you you you you you you you know like so creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone like okay uh um um like so okay so or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well um so well I mean so heard on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all all all all all all all all all all over the place and you can make I mean like okay well okay um well well well well well well well well well well well you know money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a a a a a a a a a a you know well you know well you know well well um I mean hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred listeners a month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from that okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um you know like uh uh like um and I think it's worth it all all all all all all all all all all the other sites make you pay well well well uh like uh like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to upload your podcast and do not get you money in the process. So So So So So So So So So So you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you know well so like well so so you know know know know know know know know know know um it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place place download the free anchor um um okay uh um you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister Meister Meister Meister Meister Meister Meister Meister Meister Meister. Welcome to the you know I mean like you know um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand golden age of the 2020s well okay like uh well like so like okay baby had had had had had had had had had had. Height we're height we're height we're height we're height we're height we're height we're height we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're height we're height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking about about about about about about about about about about well uh well you know you know I mean okay uh so it in motion motion motion motion motion motion motion motion motion motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on confiscated Bible like like well like like like like like like like like like like so I mean I mean um well low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have Koozies Koozies Koozies Koozies Koozies Koozies Koozies Koozies Koozies Koozies you know okay like uh so I mean uh um well in my my my my my my my my my my nightstand in my dresser. Send me send me send me send me me me me me me me me me me send me send me send me send me send me send me the Koozie Koozie Koozie Koozie Koozie Koozie Koozie Koozie Koozie Koozie send me the I mean so you know I mean like uh so well I I I I I I I I I I mean Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I so um um um um um um um um um um I mean like so you know um so well stole that from Krista, so don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't take it there. She'll take it back okay well I mean like like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um. I know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please please please please please please please please please please kuzey, please kuzey, please kuzey, please kuzey, please kuzey, please kuzey, please kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, kuzey, please kuzey, please kuzey, please I will okay, like like okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean well and also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on on on on on on on on on on my so uh well okay well I mean well uh okay counters, who's they also also also also also also also also also also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to so okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh I mean like I dig it. I dig it. It's fucking it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's fucking it's fucking it's fucking it's fucking it's fucking it's fucking it's fucking it's fucking it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's fucking like so okay. I may have so you know um so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um shot the wedding's it may it may not even like been been been been been been been been been been friends. I don't know like so well um um well so like I I I I I I I I I I mean. I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a a a a a a a a a a koozie were so like um like well well you know um okay who could steal steal steal steal steal steal steal steal steal steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half over uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean okay uh so okay half of them are already already already already already already already already already already his at the end of the night. Like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and and and and and and and and and and you know uh well I mean I mean um uh I mean well we are are are are are are are are are are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well so um well well well well well well well well well well um uh well you know um I mean research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to to to to to to to to to to help you build healthy relationships where you uh so um um um you know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh well live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's and this is you and like um uh I mean well like so you know uh everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay uh I mean uh you know so well introduce ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look look look look look look look look look look you know well um okay uh so you know uh like like and we we we we we we we we we we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen okay so um well well well well well well well well well well like like I mean uh so to me? So we thought this would be a a a a a a a a a a good introduction to kind of who we uh you know so I mean like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay well you know are what kind of identities we hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so uh so so well I mean. Oh my God. Jerry last guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know like um you know like and in specific embarrassing experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think so you know you know know know know know know know know know know um you know like you know well well he's okay. I'll go first because I I I I I I I I I I got a good one. This happened just I mean okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean um like like I mean I mean this morning. I see all might might might might might might might might might might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know well uh you know so um known as polyphonic and you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we well uh okay like well so um um um um um um um um um um um well read through Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and we will will will will will will will will will will finally answer you know like uh like I mean I mean okay uh okay the question question question question question question question question question question. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He He He He He He He He He He like he like he like he like he like he like he like like like like like like like like like like he like he like he like like like uh well well well okay well said this is is is is is is is is is is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh okay um uh uh okay. How long how long were you sitting on on on on on on on on on on that one? How long how long how long how long how long how how how how how how how how how how long how long how long how long how long was I like so um so so so so so so so so so so well um so uh well sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the the the the the the the the the the name of this episode. That's um that's um that's um that's um that's um that's um that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's um that's um that's um that's um you know um well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um I mean a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really really really really really really really really really really. This is a good book. I so so I mean like so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love love love love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I I I I I I I I I I love this cover this. You um you know okay okay uh you know um like like like like like like like like like like like know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've hit we've hit we've hit we've hit we've hit we've hit we've hit we've hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit we've hit we've hit so far. It's definitely it's definitely it's definitely it's definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely it's definitely it's definitely it's definitely it's definitely it's definitely it's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to coming to coming to coming to coming to coming to coming to to to to to to to to to to coming to coming to coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's the U s-- you know uh well like okay okay so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here well so so so so so so so so so so well like okay you know well like um for season 2 of steal some some some some some some some some some some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden like well uh like um well well well well well well well well well well well you know um the 2020 season is upon us. We're just we're just just just just just just just just just just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just we're just just just just just just just just just just days away from opening weekend. How okay so I mean well well uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you you do you do you feel kind of I mean so well um uh so like like like like like like like like like like well well refreshed ready to go? Just blacked just blacked just blacked just blacked just just just just just just just just just just blacked just blacked just blacked just blacked just blacked just blacked out and then then then then then then then then then then woke up and it was like uh you know okay like um like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean I mean we're about to kick off and I was like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, oh good good thing I woke okay um you know you know uh like well well well well well well well well well well I mean well up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I I I I I I I I I I set my I mean so um I mean I mean so you know uh so alarm alarm alarm alarm alarm alarm alarm alarm alarm alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well like um um you know well rowdies preseason game or something. I showed showed showed showed showed showed showed showed showed showed up and I was like, whoa, we're so well like you know so like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay I mean like it's like what's happening? This is happening there there there there there there there there there there soon as they beat Montreal so uh well like okay like okay uh uh. I I I I I I I I I I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We We We We We We We We We We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are well uh like well uh well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um good for real back in the swing of things were back here here here here here here here here here here every single you know okay like well um I mean like so so Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you you you you you you you you you you uh well so okay so well like okay uh guys a quick heads-up about about about about about about about about about about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well okay okay you know so um and podcasts in one place. That's for for for for for for for for for for free Hallelujah. No premium no premium no premium no premium no premium no no no no no no no no no no premium no premium no premium no premium no premium account necessary Spotify has I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh I mean so okay uh well so a huge catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right well well well well well well well well well well okay like you know you know like I mean I mean well now and you can can can can can can can can can can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you can well okay um um um um um um um um um um you know so like you know you know like share what you're listening to with friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends on Instagram. And if you are a you know um um well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh uh premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no no no no no no no no no no matter where you are um uh so like I mean so so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search well well well well well well well well well well well like so well so you know so uh for optimal relationships daily or browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give like so like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean like uh us a follow. So you never miss an an an an an an an an an an episode speaking of which let's see okay um you know you know so like like like like like like like like like like um like like what we've got on The Ledger today. This is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is optimal relationships daily episode 647 what like uh like I mean um uh so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal trainer podcast with well uh so uh uh well I mean uh well your host host host host host host host host host host Michael piccante. My name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name is Jordan sigh it and in this this this this this this this this this this episode we uh I mean well so you know I mean um I mean like like like like like like like like like like talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, essentially I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um you know so okay like so I mean the order of importance importance importance importance importance importance importance importance importance importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're uh um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean uh I mean you know building muscle as quickly and efficiently efficiently efficiently efficiently efficiently efficiently efficiently efficiently efficiently efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael hello, Michael hello, Michael hello, Michael hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, Michael hello, Michael hello, Michael hello, Michael hello, Michael hello, Michael so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know you know um well I mean I mean. This is is is is is is is is is is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute okay okay well well well well well well well well well well so like okay I mean you know you know into the podcast and then I I I I I I I I I I realized that we have a little bit of a new setup so um so like like like like like like like like like like um okay uh well uh here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules rules rules rules rules rules rules rules rules rules and regulations around uh um so okay okay so like so so the set up up up up up up up up up up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly to you know I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so you know like so like um par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll say so well well like I mean um I mean um well this till till till till till till till till till till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's all you have well well well well well well well well well well um I mean so okay like uh you know well. The current the current the current current current current current current current current current current the current the current the current the current the current the current the current heartbeat and and and and and and and and and and the next breath. That's all you got. What's up, y'all? Welcome I mean um um um um um um um um um um um well you know well um you know like to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 and technically for the people watching like okay uh you know um I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were were were were were were were were were were 19 episodes on your normal podcast so I mean okay like um like uh um um um um um um um um um um like app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not not not not not not not not not not well like like well like like I mean so well sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old patient patient patient patient patient patient patient patient patient patient like like I mean okay I mean so I mean um I mean. Timothy Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean so you know so so uh well in the care of of of of of of of of of of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to today well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so uh uh um you know and true-crime a par cast original due due due due due due due due due due to the graphic nature of today's crimes like like um you know I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know so well. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised for listeners under 13. Today. We're discussing so you know okay uh okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who who who who who who who who who who was later nicknamed the Angel well um okay uh so well uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know okay I mean like um um um 's I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pretty energized right now. Just got just got just got just got just got just got got got got got got got got got got just got just got just got just got off the back of doing some some some some some some some some some some I mean well I mean so you know well um uh okay live training to to to to to to to to to to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit um you know well well well well well well well well well well well well like well you know like which is the power of the internet and amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing technological breakthrough where you so well you know well um I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so can be in four places at one time. So very very exciting stuff and like um um um um um um um um um um you know um I mean okay uh uh uh that's kind of inspired. Is this this this this this this this this this this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? well uh like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um you know okay But before we get into that, I want to give give give give give give give give give give a shout out so you know okay like um well I mean well um like like like like like like like like like like over the last couple of weeks. I've been running a little bit of a giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway okay you know uh uh uh so like like uh. So for anyone that that that that that that that that that that leaves a review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot um you know know know know know know know know know know um so well well you know so okay. I will enter them into a draw draw draw draw draw draw draw draw draw draw to win a little little gift well um um so okay um I mean well well well well well well well well well well okay from me. So I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine spiritual you you you you you you you you you you know um well um uh well okay like well Seekers looking to enter their their their their their their their their their their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am your host I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like well okay I mean um like I mean e let Louis and I'm here here here here here here here here here here to help you find your light and awaken to you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well like so well like well you know your truth together. We will cover a a a a a a a a a a multitude of spiritual topics share stories and deeply uh you know uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um well okay dive into what it means to be a soul having having having having having having having having having having a human experience. So I mean uh uh I mean you know well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light Light Light Light Light Light Light Light Light Light and healing energy so okay you know um well okay you know um you you you you you you you you you you know emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I am am am am am am am am am am back you know okay um so um uh so I mean like. So it has has has has has has has has has has been about a month since my last episode but I went you know you you you you you you you you you you know okay well um uh uh um uh off to have a baby most of of of of of of of of of of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement basement on uh I mean you know well I mean okay I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know you know okay okay um so okay skirt. It all a money like like like like like like like like like like my last girl. He knees he knees he knees he knees he knees knees knees knees knees knees knees knees knees knees he knees he knees he knees he knees he knees are shot you know so so so so so so so so so so so like okay okay so uh okay. The top the top the top the top top top top top top top top top top the top the top the top the top the top the top graphic cards got got got got got got got got got got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a you know okay I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so you know uh you know um towering Drive. I put the ram in the ram slots slots slots slots slots slots slots slots slots slots driving the larger Bay topped okay well I mean well um I mean so so so so so so so so so so you know well it off too fast. Like a like a like a like like like like like like like like like like a like a like a like a like a like a like a Chargers game game game game game game game game game game like 2:30 I missed out. I okay I okay I okay I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay um so well well well well well well well well well well okay uh okay well uh fear cruelly assemble a rig like a BP engineer. My My My My My My My My My My friends and family smile is like well I mean okay well um so so like like like like like like like like like like working on make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words words words words words words words words words words because I don't know I mean uh I mean so um you know know know know know know know know know know like I mean like really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my my my my my my my my my my underwear um um so well um you know um uh like. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean uh um uh um out my favorite - - - - - - - - - - like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet like you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know uh like well like so for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls dolls dolls dolls dolls dolls dolls dolls dolls dolls. Did we just say so so well you know well well uh okay um um um um um um um um um um that each week? We'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be be be be be be be be be be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be bringing you you you you you you you you you you a spooky tale. So you create some atmosphere well okay I mean you know okay well well well well well well well well well well like okay well light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to to to to to to to to to to get in this um um um you know like I mean um you know so so so so so so so so so so ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must she must she must must must must must must must must must must she must she must she must she must she must she must she must must must must must must must must must must be a good escort done done. Don't I mean I mean okay okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean well want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all all all all all all all all all all you see is the creepy alien uh uh like you know um I mean well so so so so so so so so so so well going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Andrea Andrea Andrea Andrea Andrea Andrea Andrea Andrea Andrea Ventura and I'm here to you know uh uh okay you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and and and and and and and and and and you know well okay okay I mean uh well um okay advices on how you you you you you you you you you you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know like well like well like industry and so much more basically reminding you you you you you you you you you you all to stand tall uh you know uh like so um so uh okay. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today I'll be talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it it it it it it it it it it well uh um okay you know um uh so I mean my Korean Courier. Well, first first first first first first first first first first of all, thank you so much for being here and well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know well I mean so well listening to my very first episode. I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am I am I am so excited. I had been thinking about well you know you know like like like like like like like like like like um like um I mean uh doing a podcast for over a year now now now now now now now now now now and kept pushing it off, but I um you know um I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so okay you know just had to do it Korean situation right right right right right right right right right right now is me and my bedroom so well so you know okay uh you you you you you you you you you you know you know like under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if if if if if if if if if if uh I mean uh I mean you know I mean so uh okay you you you you you you you you you you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make okay um so so so so so so so so so so you know uh well like you know um all of our podcasts and and and and and and and and and and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um okay well you know you know okay break it down for for for for for for for for for for you guys real quick. It is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is 100% free. There's nothing okay um um um um um um um um um um uh well I mean I mean I mean so well you have to to to to to to to to to to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so uh uh you you you you you you you you you you know well well you know okay okay uh that you can record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or so um so uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like um okay well your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that that that that that that that that that that it can uh like like um I mean okay you know uh okay be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can um um um um um um um um um um well okay you know okay well uh you know you know make money from from from from from from from from from from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start um well well well well well well well well well well well okay so um so um you know monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's literally everything that you need to make well uh I mean okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go okay I mean like so I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys shit out well you know so I mean you know you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring like like like like like like like like like like um like um okay um I mean uh well. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just just just just just just just just just just reason with myself like within a week like like um okay you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean of doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out out out out out out out out out out with some shit okay well you know so uh so uh so okay like that that that that that that that that that that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber the bomber the bomber bomber bomber bomber bomber bomber bomber bomber bomber bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have have have have have have have have have have a stick uh so uh okay so I mean uh I mean well up up up up up up up up up up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay you know uh uh I mean um uncle killed someone in her suicide. I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am I am I am a sugar baby. What's like well you know so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so you know well your secret? Welcome back to another week of beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond the secret. My name you know so you know uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um so I mean like is Ace Fanning and I have had a revelation of sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts after last week's episode okay I mean so I mean I mean um like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of of of of of of of of of of uh um you know okay so well okay you know you know solely solely solely solely solely solely solely solely solely solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to hear well well well well well well well well well well so uh well like um like um like more of history's most fascinating lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates. You well so like um um um um um um um um um um well uh okay um okay can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on on on on on on on on on on Spotify follow famous faiths like like okay like I mean I mean like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it that that that that that that that that that that I mean so um like you know you know so um well you you you you you you you you you you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain any any any any any any any any any any man I mean like okay like you know um um uh uh is who who who who who who who who who who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic like like like like like like like like like like you know okay um I mean so well so um teacher who has received so so so so so so so so so so much praise. I am it's about my son phileas. He um I I I I I I I I I I mean well like you know you know well you know uh is of of of of of of of of of of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting putting my career first for three I mean so you know um I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh you know uh decades. I've isolated myself that for what what what what what what what what what what what's the point of being six okay I mean uh uh well like um um um um um um um um um um uh well degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend. Well, I have finally okay okay okay uh uh like um okay well well well well well well well well well well found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I don't think you know okay uh you know uh uh okay um well well well well well well well well well well anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Bacon uh um um okay like well um um um. He stole what should have been been been been been been been been been been my life previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon well you know well well well well well well well well well well you know so so okay okay um. This wasn't this wasn't this wasn't this this this this this this this this this this wasn't this wasn't this wasn't this wasn't this wasn't this wasn't this wasn't the Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um okay um well just some boring guy Rani gave me me me me me me me me me me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made uh um well you know know know know know know know know know know um well like like you know this it would take his career career career career career career career career career career Kevin. You have to make this movie Jeff. I okay I okay I okay I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean I mean you know I mean need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um um so you know uh so I mean uh well not racist today today today today today today today today today today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So you know uh uh well well well well well well well well well well so like I mean well well today we're here with some little special guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests guests and they are going to be joining our conversation uh you know well okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean uh on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior at st. Francis you know I mean okay okay well um you know so so so so so so so so so so uh. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you ever I I I I I I I I I I guess experience like uh um I mean I mean you know um okay like like like like like like like like like like like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was it I I I I I I I I I I mean um like okay okay I mean I mean uh so and yeah I can start start start start start start start start start start there. Stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for stereotype stereotype stereotype stereotype stereotype stereotype stereotype stereotype stereotype stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim hey Tim hey Tim hey Tim hey Tim hey Tim hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey Tim hey Tim hey Tim hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel podcast. If you haven't heard about uh okay so you know you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want want want want want want want want want want to explain okay like well well you know I mean like um well. It's actually where where where where where where where where where where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation like uh I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know okay so uh um tool that allows you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your you know I mean okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay uh I mean phone or your computer if that's how you want to to to to to to to to to to do it. That's not okay um um well uh I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well um how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast I mean I mean you know um you know okay like well well well well well well well well well well well for you. So it so it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it it so it so it so it so it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Stitcher many many okay well well like so well uh well well more and you you you you you you you you you you can make money. From your from your from your from your from your from from from from from from from from from from your from your from your from your from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so I mean well um so um uh everything you need to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and okay like I mean um um um um um um um um um um so uh okay I mean you know download the free anchor app or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. And so uh okay you know okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a a a a a a a a a a spool back to tell okay like uh well okay uh so well so so so so so so so so so so you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now now now now now now now now now now like so I mean so well so um so okay guess what you can can can can can can can can can can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the what the what the what the what the the the the the the the the the the what the what the what the what the what the couch I'm here here here here here here here here here here once again, but other podcasts another one uh you know like so uh so so so so so so so so so so well um um. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's not. It's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not it's not it's not it's not the you know um um well so uh well well well well well well well well well well uh you know show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another to another another another another another another another another another another to another to another to another to another to another to another to another to to to to to to to to to to another episode of what well well you know like you know uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know okay the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's yes, that's yes, that's yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, that's yes, that's yes, that's yes, that's yes, that's yes, that's yes, that's next time time time time time time time time time time. You complain about me you know okay so so well I mean well so um um um um um um um um um um saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, let's do um I mean uh I mean uh okay okay so okay the intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's done, right? You know you know know know know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like um okay I mean well okay um I mean you you you you you you you you you you want okay do it. You know you already did the intro. I will will will will will will will will will will do like well I mean so uh you know like um well the next intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like I mean uh okay um wait to talk about this this this this this this this this this this movie. But this is a effin great. This was you know so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so uh you know I mean like wow, this is like a real real real real real real real real real real roller coaster. It was just like one of you know um well uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know so those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three three three three three three three three three three different movies in one that we're um like you know okay okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh going to get into but I know that it was a good good good good good good good good good good movie because uh I mean so you know uh you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so uh I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a a a a a a a a a a you know like um so like uh so so well lot to talk about about about about about about about about about about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay like you know know know know know know know know know know I mean well I mean okay like I mean okay now, let's not get into into into into into into into into into into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody well okay so well well uh so so so so so so so so so so okay okay Welcome to the 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, sorry like like I mean like well um okay like I mean sitting across from from from from from from from from from from me is my God. Mr. Keller mr. Keller mr. Keller mr. Keller mr. Keller mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr. Keller mr. Keller mr. Keller mr. Keller mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like like okay well uh so so thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we before we before we before we before we before we before we we we we we we we we we we before we before we before we get started today. I just wanted to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to you guys quickly like you know um uh okay okay okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists and so well um okay like I mean I mean you know so podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh I mean you know um so you know and that is is is is is is is is is is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh so so okay I mean I mean little bit these these these these these these these these these these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so um like I mean well I mean never miss an episode you can can can can can can can can can can share whatever you're listening to with your friends um I mean so well so so okay you you you you you you you you you you know well on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like okay well well well I mean um wherever and whenever you you you you you you you you you you are if you're like me, you probably have too you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like like like well well um many. The apps downloaded already but this this this this this this this this this this one is actually useful. So if so if so if so if so if so so so so so so so so so so if so if so if so if so if you haven't so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh you know I mean okay so um done so already download the the the the the the the the the the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify so okay um I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so like I mean or browse podcasts in the you are Library Library Library Library Library Library Library Library Library Library tab. Also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, also, make also, make also, make also, make sure to follow us you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know like like okay okay I mean okay on there. So you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being uh you know uh well well well well well well well well well well um I mean okay uh I mean said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to episode 45 of so you know well like like like well you know know know know know know know know know know I mean optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding okay I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so well uh so so so out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks Jayhawks Jayhawks Jayhawks Jayhawks Jayhawks Jayhawks Jayhawks Jayhawks Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know well like okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean you know so that sort of thing, but when it comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes comes to finances no one nerds out like uh well well uh well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um like NerdWallet real nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards and uh uh okay like um um um okay well retirement with calculators and and and and and and and and and and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor you know um um um um um um um um um um you know so okay well okay I mean you know it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast last explain so first it's uh uh so I mean so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like free and everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I I mean so uh um uh like so so well mean, I love free things things things things things things things things things things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record um well well so so so so so so so so so so uh so okay so um and edit your own podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer and anchor will distribute okay like well I mean I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Pandora all these I mean uh I mean you know um like you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay platforms so that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from from from from from from from from from from your like so um I mean like so okay like so own podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast um uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean so okay like all in one place. So download the free free free free free free free free free free anchor app today or go to Anchor uh like so well so well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know so dot. F m-- to get started. Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest Quest Quest Quest Quest Quest Quest Quest Quest Quest the okay like so okay so um uh like so podcast for C2 English English English English English English English English English English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student I mean okay so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like uh you know sharing her journey towards Proficiency in English now sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show well um um uh like well well well well well well well well well well well well like and don't forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my like so so so so so so so so so so well I mean well you know um I mean I mean episodes. Hey, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the I mean well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well well okay so so tasks in the C2 proficiency speaking paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper and their differences with those in the C1 okay you know uh you know so like like like like like like like like like like um well so Advanced. We already talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and moans and moans and moans and moans and moans and moans and moans and and and and and and and and and and moans and moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you you you you you you you you you you grunting as okay um I mean I mean okay okay I mean uh like we breathe breathe breathe breathe breathe breathe breathe breathe breathe breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of so I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know uh okay well um um life. You come and I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm so uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh so well okay well well and you fall to your knees and prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of well I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like like so um making love my breath is a fucking that you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're not forget. Your breath like okay uh okay like uh well so okay the the the the the the the the the the Breath of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high high high high high high high high high high I mean so uh you know so well well okay uh higher than the mountains mountains mountains mountains mountains mountains mountains mountains mountains mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I I I I I I I I I I really appreciate well okay so well uh well uh I mean okay your support support support support support support support support support support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in this um I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know um okay okay uh uh way by looking at the literal sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense sense of the text, which is something we don't um um um uh you know like um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean often talk about enough, but we need to we need need need need need need need need need need to talk about it more like like so so you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like okay uh and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything else. We like we like we like we like we like we we we we we we we we we we like we like we like we like we like well okay so so I mean well well well well well well well well well well I mean well see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus well okay like uh okay like okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up up up up up up up up up up a uh uh um um you know okay okay I mean uh high mountain where where where where where where where where where where they could be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back back back back back back back back back back today as like well I mean um so so so so well you have to show show show show show show show show show show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You just do well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well you know like uh so well pause, but I don't worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew I knew I knew I knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew knew I knew I knew I knew I knew I knew I knew you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd want you know I mean um well um like like so um to say the the the the the the the the the the full title. Right love it before we jump into this episode. I would like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so well well um well so like to remind everybody. If you find find find find find find find find find find yourself in a situation where you need you know like I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so like like help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they they they they they they they they they they are available to um well okay um okay I mean you know well like help help help help help help help help help help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week week week week week week week week week week. We uh we uh we uh we uh we uh we uh we we we we we we we we we we uh we uh we uh we uh like okay uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well so discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The The The The The The The The The The I mean I mean like um well okay well okay um Wizarding World World World World World World World World World World be warned. This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Brianna and I'm Robin like uh okay you know like um um uh uh. We were really really really really really really really really really really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well you know um so I mean um uh and feelings about the original book theories, theories, theories, theories, theories, theories, theories, theories, theories, theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes uh I mean okay um um uh well well well well well well well well well well so you know 59 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first first first first first first first first first first. We have like uh um like you know um um uh you know some some some some some some some some some some announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts uh well well well well well well well well well well so so well uh well um you know. So, please feel free to tweet along with with with with with with with with with with us. You can use the hashtag okay um um I mean well you know uh I I I I I I I I I I mean okay wizard team on Twitter to join the conversation love our blog love so so so so so so so so so so so well okay you know you know I mean um okay with 13 have have have have have have have have have have a few extra guy in flying around donate to block us create you you you you you you you you you you know um so so uh um okay um I mean check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and and and and and and and and and and like okay well so like so like you know um I don't know know know know know know know know know know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know like well so you know for listening by the way, but but but but but but but but but but if you haven't heard about anchor it's uh okay okay uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know so the easiest way to make a podcast. I know know know know know know know know know know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine um well like okay okay I mean well I I I I I I I I I I mean uh and a few people have reached out to me and asked for for for for for for for for for for advice on how um well well uh um well well so you know to to to to to to to to to to get their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the okay um I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know you know well I mean well best way to do it it it it it it it it it it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and well like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well you know I mean uh edit the podcast, right? Your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave like you know know know know know know know know know know like I mean well uh um so you know messages. Thank you to those of of of of of of of of of of you that have been doing that by the way, I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um so like okay so keep them come and keep harassing us and and and and and and and and and and anchor will distribute the podcast for um um like so I mean um like so so so so so so so so so so okay you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch more this so well okay I mean well uh well you know okay okay many many many many many many many many many many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean um uh okay uh like well so it does the work for you you you you you you you you you you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening okay well like I mean so you know well um like to the modest modest modest modest modest modest modest modest modest modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in mind. It's I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh like I mean I mean so okay like like 10:00 am am am am am am am am am am. You open this and I gotta drink it. All right. So let's do so so so so so so so so so so like um like well um well so well a roll call. So you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you got at the end. I'm Jon John. Jon was well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like okay um you know okay a real quick. What do you play? play play play play play play play play play Play guitar. Okay again, I do vocals and well uh so um like well well well well well well well well well well like you know so since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I play drums drums drums drums drums drums drums drums drums drums. And I am Daniel uh so well like okay you know well well like like like like like like like like like like and I play the bass. All right, let's let's let's do a this is is is is is is is is is is our first I mean uh I mean you know well so okay um you you you you you you you you you you know time doing it with multi people can guys so this will be fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching everyone's Watching everyone's Watching everyone's everyone's everyone's everyone's everyone's everyone's everyone's everyone's everyone's everyone's Watching everyone's Watching everyone's Watching everyone's Watching everyone's Watching everyone's Watching everyone's Watching You know, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's serious uh you know well so I mean uh so so uh. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm okay so okay um um okay uh well okay procedure right? I am South African African African African African African African African African African and I've been living in Munich for I mean like I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you know so uh um okay almost seven and a half years and I'm currently an energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy energy therapist but most of you know like so like uh you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well my focus goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just just just just just just just just just just over a year ago so I mean you know okay well like okay well well well well well well well well well well like. It was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was really interesting because I grew up under the the the the the the the the the the time of Apartheid. And so I you know so so like um you know know know know know know know know know know okay well like grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host host host host host host host host host host Pearson Fowler with you know I mean uh uh um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South South South South South South South South South South Carolina Gamecocks this uh okay um you know like like you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that like like like like like like like like like like um uh like like so I mean okay so albatross around your neck, but but but but but but but but but but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of okay I mean like well you you you you you you you you you you know um well I mean well travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate your vigilance your dedication to like so so um you know okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like traveling and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock clock clock clock clock clock clock clock clock clock. In the okay you know well so you know um you know uh so morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered like okay uh well um um um um um um um um um um so well so okay the baseball game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove drove to Tuscaloosa okay okay I mean you know so you know so um um um um um um um um um um um. Watch the basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover so so so so so so so so so so uh um uh well like I mean I mean um or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to um uh well well well well well well well well well well well okay well like uh uh cover the baseball game then came back to Colombia. And the and and and and and and and and and and the and the and the and the and the and the and the and and and and and and and and and and the and the now you are well okay well okay uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull don't pull don't pull don't pull don't pull don't pull don't pull don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't pull don't pull don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed by the DJ's do not so uh um okay um um so okay um necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the the the the the the the the the the so so well um you know uh uh you know so views and opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean well um okay okay okay episode 17 the rivals. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well I mean like so well uh actually happening here. So you are listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to I've never seen the all see okay well I mean okay so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um which is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful mouthful mouthful mouthful mouthful mouthful mouthful mouthful mouthful mouthful of toast. Hyah, well hyah, well hyah, well hyah, well hyah, well hyah, well hyah, well well well well well well well well well well hyah, well hyah, well hyah, well okay um you know so okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know you know Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years years years years years years years years years years you know okay like I mean I mean like um like you know know know know know know know know know know of age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the the the the the the the the the the bottom. Thanks. Where does where does where does where does where does where does where does where does where does where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on on on on on on on on on on uh uh so so so like well I mean so musician's health and wellness. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's I mean so uh um um um um um um um um um um so like I mean like well really cold down here. But here we are. We We We We We We We We We We are bad back in um so okay um I mean um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know the podcast Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been been been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I mean okay I mean uh okay well uh okay um really excited and and and and and and and and and and looking forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled well like so so so so so so so so so so um you know okay so uh so to announce that our guest today is singer-songwriter and and and and and and and and and and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would you know uh uh so well well well well well well well well well well well so okay okay like to welcome you to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating you know um um um um um um um um um um you know um okay well um uh uh Edge today. We'll speak about jumping on on on on on on on on on on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone in uh okay uh um uh um well well well well well well well well well well okay well 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up up up up up up up up up up the California um so like you know you know well I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay coast from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before before before before before before before before before before um uh you know you know um so okay like you know. But this was was was was was was was was was was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought uh like like like like like like like like like like um well I mean I mean um uh like about starting your own podcast? You You You You You You You You You You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor like like you know so so so so so so so so so so you know you know so well um it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain first and foremost, it's like well um um um uh okay well well well well well well well well well well well free. That means that means that means that means that means that that that that that that that that that that means that means that means that means that means no money out of your pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket. Anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has anchor has has has has has has has has has has anchor has anchor has creation tools that allow you like um okay um um um um um um um um um um okay you know so so you know to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer. It's okay I mean well uh like well you you you you you you you you you you know um um just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can can can can can can can be okay like like okay like like like uh you know heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is I mean well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um like um you know on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends you can make money um um I mean uh you know uh okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean from your podcast and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is anchor is everything uh well uh you know uh so okay I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place. So what do you do do do do do do do do do do download you know okay uh like you know um I mean like well the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first um well well well well well well well well well well like okay okay like um um uh in a couple of weeks due to some some some some some some some some some some scary scheduling issues. For those for those for those for those for those for those for for for for for for for for for for those for those for those for those of you you know so like like like like like like like like like like you know um I mean so okay I mean that did notice they be be be be be be be be be be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we uh like okay um um um um um um um um um um well so okay okay well did promise that it would be worth the wait. So So So So So So So So So So before so before so before so before so before so before so before so before so so so so so so so so so so before so before we get into it well uh uh so so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know well uh is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by by by by by by by by by by Emma and I mean you know I mean well um okay um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Mike as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how so so so so so so so so so so well um um well uh I mean like uh are you? I am also also also also also also also also also also fine. Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so so so so so so so so so so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make make make make make make make make make make well you know okay so well so okay I mean um sure the world world world world world world world world world world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another and so okay so so so so so so so so so so well um um you know like um we are honored and excited to be joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who well well um well well so okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which so so so so so so so so so so I mean like like so um okay uh uh I'm not just saying this this this this this this this this this this because he's they're here. I did I did I did I did I did did did did did did did did did did I did I did I did I did I did actually say it to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay well you know so okay you know well Mike off air as well well well well well well well well well well. It is it is it is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was so so so so so so so so so so like I mean well I mean well well like um very traumatized after seeing a man man man man man man man man man man turn into some messed up organism right in I mean okay you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know so front of my eyes. I just sat in my my my my my my my my my my booth we reading the uh so you know like um well you know like I I I I I I I I I I mean rules again. And again, it was so dark in here that I had to to to to to to to to to to I mean I mean you know I mean um like okay um I I I I I I I I I I mean use the small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to um um um um um um um um um um I mean well so I mean um I mean okay I mean fix the lights here here here here here here here here here here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first uh so like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing me. It didn't do do do do do do do do do do much damage. This is going to okay so like I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so uh so um be a great shift. The first the first the first the first first first first first first first first first first the first the first the first the first the first the first thing I tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried was to walk out but I could um like I mean um I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like okay like see movement in my peripheral vision. They They They They They They They They They They got they got they got they got they got they got they got they got they they they they they they they they they they got they got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is is is is is is is is is is so okay well okay well I mean I mean okay um Adam. I am your host. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode um um like so like I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh uh and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on on on on on on on on on on this episode, I'm like you know you know I mean so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know going to be doing something a little bit different I am going going going going going going going going going going so I'm trying uh so okay um um uh I mean so like to to to to to to to to to to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of well so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean so um so so so film and put together. Kind Kind Kind Kind Kind Kind Kind Kind Kind Kind of making it I guess is the best way well so okay like like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've talked about in the you know well uh uh well um you know like like like like like like like like like like um past I talked about in the last episode that I really am a a a a a a a a a a well like I mean uh you know so okay so like big fan of of of of of of of of of of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not so not so not so not so not not not not not not not not not not so not so not so not so not so not the Bowman Prospect cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards the ones with well you know well you know like you know so well you know know know know know know know know know know the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the PSA Pop uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay you know well uh I mean I mean I mean reports and and and and and and and and and and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what I got, so um um um um um um um um um um I mean like uh I mean uh well well you know like I was looking at at at at at at at at at at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that that that that that that that that that that guarantees you'll never have okay well um okay so uh okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling flang, flang, flang, flang, flang, flang, flang, flang, flang, flang, right? I uh so I mean like I mean like um um well am before before before before before before before before before before you're going to see how easy this is to do. Go ahead go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead go ahead you know you know um you know uh well so so so. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh and okay uh like okay so like well uh I mean I have on the phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise you know well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean I mean you know so known as it's going to mr. Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's your so okay okay like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well like name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next next next next next next next next next next time at the casino so um um um okay okay like uh you know tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay like uh well um well uh. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I like so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean so okay so like to pronounce it it it it it it it it it it. Mr. Sidney mr. Sidney mr. Sidney mr. Sidney mr. Sidney mr. Sidney mr. Sidney mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr. Sidney mr. Sidney mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so you know so uh so um well into and a pause in in in in in in in in in in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause I mean uh well like like like like like like like like like like well well okay well uh as they surged about. It wasn't it wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't a a a a a a a a a a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen okay um okay like so like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh you know if you wish and there you go you are without electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity electricity today. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so so we're so we're so we're going so okay you know you know um like like like like like like like like like like you know uh um to try to make this a brief show. I know I I I I I I I I I I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I I I I I I I I I I know I know you're working on so so like uh you know um um um um um um um um um um like like well battery power over there. So I have a good good good good good good good good good good signal and I have plenty of um like so like well okay so well well well well well well well well well well well power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get get get get get get get get get get a bad reputation I mean so uh you know I mean like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the the the the the the the the the the diamond industry okay you know uh um okay you know okay so okay and and and and and and and and and and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of of of of of of of of of of them like okay okay uh like so well um so are immune from job hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that these okay um so so you you you you you you you you you you know um um okay um facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem seem seem seem seem seem seem seem seem seem here are a few um I mean so so uh okay okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials one Millennials one Millennials one Millennials one one one one one one one one one one Millennials one Millennials one Millennials one Millennials one Millennials one Millennials change jobs after one one one one one one one one one one year well uh you know so um uh you know um okay one myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know okay okay you know uh well like that Millennials jump from job to job because because because because because because because because because because we're never satisfied but data you know so um you know so uh I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually staying with companies longer so like like well well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average the average average average average average average average average average average the average the average the average the average the average the average the average the average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet closet closet closet closet closet closet closet closet closet sign me okay um okay okay well I mean like like um up. Hi welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings closet um um um um um um um um um um so you know um like you know like so okay on Poshmark. I've been a a a a a a a a a a reseller for about half a year. I've created an Instagram account okay well well well well well well well well well well like well like you know uh well so to Market my items and connect with other postures postures postures postures postures postures postures postures postures postures in the community here. I will you know well uh okay well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the way and really really really really really really really really really really create uh like um um I mean so like like well a beginner friendly guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide for you to help you enhance and possibly pick up your I mean so so so so so so so so so so uh so you know uh uh well well own side gig or full-time gig with with with with with with with with with with being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing so well I mean well um well well well well well well well well well well okay uh uh together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going we're going going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going going we're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are are are are are are are are are are going to be you know I mean so okay uh you know so like like like like like like like like like like like learning all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this this this this this this this this this this lesson, you guys like so uh you know well okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are like like like like like like like like like like uh you know so so uh well like I mean used with the indefinite articles in in in in in in in in in in English now for those of you who are Back so so um um um like like like like like like like like like like you know okay um again for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you you you you you you you you you you who are new. I want I mean you know like like um so um like like like like like like like like like like like to quickly introduce myself. My name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name is teacher Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica and I'm an American English uh well okay okay uh uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers okay like uh uh like okay like um I mean of other languages, and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood bollywood bollywood bollywood bollywood bollywood bollywood bollywood bollywood bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in in in in in in in in in in the Air IR jockey I mean you know uh I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so it those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great great great great great great great great great great to be back with my um uh uh you know like so like like like like like like like like like like uh well favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if if if if if if if if if if you like I mean you know like um like so uh like are very distressed Jean Jean Jean Jean Jean Jean Jean Jean Jean Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical so well well well well well well well well well well uh um well well I mean uh you know carajo the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Ranbir Ranbir Ranbir Ranbir Ranbir Ranbir Ranbir Ranbir Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude um well uh like um um um um um um um um um um um so um you know career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations relations relations relations relations relations relations relations relations relations kiki relations kiki relations kiki relations kiki relations kiki relations kiki relations kiki relations relations relations relations relations relations relations relations relations relations kiki relations kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies ski ski ski ski ski ski ski ski ski ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies like like like like like like like like like like like like well like I mean like so so are 90 Arjun made typical run be be be be be be be be be be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it you know um like um so well well well well well well well well well well so like uh did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of of of of of of of of of of her life. Walk a walk a walk a walk a walk a walk a walk a walk a walk a walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is is is is is is is is is is Friday, March so okay I mean well okay so okay okay well 6th 2020. I wanted I I I I I I I I I I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels like like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay okay you know um like there's been a lot going on this this this this this this this this this this week, even though we've been on spring break. I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so um um um um um um um um um um uh uh okay uh you know you know well usually only send an email with with with with with with with with with with a link to the theory courses. So you know well I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean so like like I mean like if you have a friend or relative a classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate classmate who's in the in well I mean uh okay I mean well um I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on on on on on on on on on on to uh you know okay you know so I mean uh so I mean them them them them them them them them them them or tell them to contact me so I can send them the you you you you you you you you you you know well like I mean I mean okay well you know I mean link link link link link link link link link link. This is important information that I want all of you to have well um you you you you you you you you you you know like well I mean so um uh. It's going to be even more important than than than than than than than than than than usual for us to be in communication for so well you know well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean I mean you to have good communication with the nursing program program program program program program program program program program over the next several uh well um so okay like um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh weeks. You need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need need need need need need need need need need you know so you know like so um okay you know well to check check check check check check check check check check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have a um um um um um um um um um um uh well I mean I mean like so so like neglected you guys. I'm really I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and then okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay uh okay so okay like you know what January's like and and and and and and and and and and yes, so I've now this is Series 2. So we've so we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've so we've you know okay um okay you know I mean uh you know I I I I I I I I I I mean now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really good good good good good good good good good good I mean you know I mean so well um like like so guests lined lined lined lined lined lined lined lined lined lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope you really like well well well well well well well well well well like so okay I mean like um uh enjoy Like always if you know know know know know know know know know know anybody that would be great for the podcast and so so you know uh well well well well well well well well well well so um so um you'd like to come on please to give me a a a a a a a a a a message because I'd love to uh you know like uh well like you know um um um um um um um um um um um chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just mention the you you you you you you you you you you know uh well like well like like uh like sad death of Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just to be kind um like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know okay um okay I mean well remember people have things happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to exploring in in in in in in in in in in a um so okay uh okay like okay I mean like realistic and and and and and and and and and and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality disorder and well okay so so so so so so so so so so well I mean you know so I mean well other mental health problems. My name name name name name name name name name name is Celine and I am your host for this uh like um um okay so well well well well well well well well well well well uh podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of the Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast okay uh like you know um well you know uh you know which is that that that that that that that that that that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh I mean so um I mean medical intervention. So, please so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please please please please please please please please please please so, please seek out those sources of support if you need them. And And And And And And And And And And uh uh okay uh well well well I mean well I also want to to to to to to to to to to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's month's month's month's month's month's month's month's month's month's um I mean so you know uh well well okay uh episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at swim swim swim swim swim swim swim swim swim swim um like uh like I mean you know so I mean um Ireland. We're going to to to to to to to to to to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some of okay well um like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like like the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little little little little little little little little little little bit about what okay you know okay like okay I mean um like well well well well well well well well well well is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do I do I I I I I I I I I I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do do do do do do do do do do need to like well you know I mean well um uh I mean um apologize for for for for for for for for for for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh like well uh well um okay wanted to welcome you to to to to to to to to to to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new like um so so so so so so so so so so um I mean well well I mean so way to communicate with the department department department department department department department department department department and what this means for DCS going forward as well like okay okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um okay you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was was was was was was was was was was formally submitted and okay so okay uh so I mean okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we presented our budget budget budget budget budget budget budget budget budget budget I mean okay uh so like I mean I mean um I mean before several committees committees committees committees committees committees committees committees committees committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has not yet I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so you know I mean so okay been finalized. I'm pleased to announce announce announce announce announce announce announce announce announce announce that no additional changes have been made to our so I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know um I mean um budget up to this point. This This This This This This This This This This is a positive step for the department and um so so um uh I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean uh helps us better plan and assess our word word word word word word word word word word the next steps will be for the legislature uh um well okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know uh uh well to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to something to something to something to something to something to something to something something something something something something something something something something to something to something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this this this this this this this this this this episode. We've well we've well we've well we've well we've well we've well we've well well well well well well well well well well we've well we've well we've well so I mean you know um uh well well well well well well well well well well okay like selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented supplemented supplemented supplemented supplemented supplemented supplemented supplemented supplemented supplemented them with okay I mean you know I mean uh well well uh so so so so so so so so so so additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a a a a a a a a a a wide like I mean um like well you know uh I mean like variety variety variety variety variety variety variety variety variety variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh well uh I mean well like I mean we hope you'll enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not uh um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know you know um like to lose the trail of his people people people people people people people people people people. He'd been following them day and so uh well like well um like so so so so so so so so so so you know night. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean like like so uh so I mean alone. Oh long oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh long oh long oh long oh long oh long oh long oh long oh long long long long long long long long long long oh long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground like okay you know so I mean I mean I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean known to be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global global global global global global global global global global well you know well so you know um well I mean you know celebrity Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know well like um um well like is an American film film film film film film film film film film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the so well okay like like like like like like like like like like well well um I mean you know Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that that that that that that that that that that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you okay so okay so well well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm thrilled to be um okay um I mean so well so uh I mean talking about about about about about about about about about about today's topic. Back in back in back in back in back in back in back back back back back back back back back back in back in back in back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I I I I I I I I I I took a like okay I mean so you know well I mean like so so so so so so so so so so trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I I I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I I was I was I was um you know um you know I mean um so so so so so so so so so so well you know currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so so so so so so so so so so I wasn't like I mean okay well um you know uh okay you know expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I've had I've had I've had had had had had had had had had had I've had I've had I've had I've had I've had I've had I've had a a a a a a a a a a well like you know like uh I mean like I mean um huge crush crush crush crush crush crush crush crush crush crush on Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about like you know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay um I mean uh so okay a man 10 years older older older older older older older older older older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that that that that that that that that that that is but overall. It just it just it just it just it just it just it just it just it just it just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good you know you know uh um uh so well okay you know better best best best best best best best best best best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape so okay well well well well well well well well well well so you know so you know well I mean and place where sounds come come come come come come come come come come out of your ears and your ears biggest well like you know you know well well well well well well well well well well like you know like you know supporters of Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel dorel dorel dorel dorel dorel dorel dorel dorel dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we you know you know so you know okay uh well well well well well well well well well well you know you know figured we just change it up because the Mojo Mojo Mojo Mojo Mojo Mojo Mojo Mojo Mojo Mojo needed a little bit of changing as um okay um uh you know uh uh like like like like like like like like like like you know far as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the the the the the the the the the the the luck um uh uh so okay I mean like okay well ran out of of of of of of of of of of the money song that that one money song that we've been you know know know know know know know know know know uh uh like you know uh you know well okay using boy. You better you you you you you you you you you you better you better you better you better you better you better you better better better better better better better better better better you better you better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was was was was was was was was was was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk you know like okay okay um you know um um well now. It was was was was was was was was was was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have Alexis so well well well well well well well well well well so like uh okay um okay well here with a news and gossip gossip gossip gossip gossip gossip gossip gossip gossip gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready so so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like like um well and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And And And And And And And And And And like well like you know well uh I mean you know I mean as you may may may may may may may may may may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a because we um um um um um um um um um um um like well uh I mean well like well actually didn't have one of those this this this this this this this this this this week. But if you're hankering for your weekly so um uh um uh uh so I I I I I I I I I I mean well slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show show show show show show show show show show so uh you know well okay you know you know like well. Yes. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's no it's no it's no it's no it's no it's no it's no no no no no no no no no no it's no it's no it's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and and and and and and and and and and uh you know so you know like um uh you know so video video video video video video video video video video series we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I well so so so so so so so so so so uh so well like I mean well okay really appreciate you guys tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean you know well uh I mean like I mean making this video video video video video video video video video video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70 well uh so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um okay uh. Rebounds and 10 assists on the Pelicans now that got got got got got got got got got got me thinking with the craziness uh okay uh well you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay of you know, the sports card market and Luke advantages Market in in in in in in in in in in general. What are what are what are what are what are what are what are are are are are are are are are are what are what are what are you know okay um uh like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like some undervalued cards of is right. Now that people can go out out out out out out out out out out and buy based I mean like um um um um well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh on what his base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right well well well well well well well well well well so um like um um well you know okay now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting you're sitting you're sitting you're sitting you're sitting you're sitting you're sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting you're sitting you're sitting you're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist colorist colorist colorist colorist colorist colorist colorist colorist colorist for film television and everything so you know well like like I mean so so so so so so so so so so um like in between when my clients come into the color grading grading grading grading grading grading grading grading grading grading sweet to work on their okay you know I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour a day I mean I mean um so so I mean uh um I mean or or or or or or or or or or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors writers so so so so so so so so so so so um you know okay uh you know so so producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably considerably considerably considerably considerably considerably considerably considerably considerably considerably depending on the project now our work like uh um like well you know so so so so so so so so so so so um. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes it's color but well well so so so okay you know okay well not not not not not not not not not not necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's a glimpse glimpse glimpse glimpse glimpse glimpse glimpse glimpse glimpse glimpse okay okay I mean uh um well well uh so behind the curtain of film and and and and and and and and and and television the podcast will talk about color from you know I mean well like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean I mean uh uh time to time, but it's really about about about about about about about about about about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is your One Stop like okay um like so you know so like like like like like like like like like like like Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um well I mean uh you know okay I mean out in the market, market, market, market, market, market, market, market, market, market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor you know I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um so so you know like uh Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on on on on on on on on on on sir? Not much and I've got to say folks so you know know know know know know know know know know so well um uh you know um you know that was very impressive that he he he he he he he he he he got all those words out because that was like uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay you know well his fifth attempt and the first four times times times times times times times times times times all he was trying to say like well uh I mean I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know well like is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that he he he he he he he he he he Fumbled it. We okay uh okay okay so so so um well this is a a a a a a a a a a this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, so like like like like like like like like like like um uh you know you know I mean so okay it has to be in in in in in in in in in in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling you know you know I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well you know uh and man he was fumbling. So I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way way way way way way way way to make a well so so well okay like you know well you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could how could could could could could could could could could could how could how could how could how could how could how could how how how how how how how how how how could how could you get anything better at um like I mean uh um you you you you you you you you you you know so okay so something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your okay well I mean I mean you know like like I I I I I I I I I I mean like podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you know like so okay so so well okay like you. So So So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can like like like like like like like like like like you know um well I mean um like like so make money from your your your your your your your your your your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need okay well okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like uh well to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor like um like okay well you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so dot f m-- to get started. Once again once again once again once again again again again again again again again again again once again once again once again once again once again once again that's anchored on on on on on on on on on on FM to get started. Welcome um welcome um welcome um welcome um welcome um welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome um welcome um welcome um welcome um welcome um like you know well you know you know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean uh to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be be be be be be be be be be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there well I mean um I mean I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well we go coming at you week three, but four you probably week week week week week week week week week week one. Hopefully hopefully so I mean I mean um so you know um I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And And And And And And And And And And like well you know like so so um like okay this is a sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is it is it is uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh like like okay um um um the beginning of a fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole well uh like well well well well well well well well well well uh well well I mean okay nother 30-something days to set new new new new new new new new new new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next so I mean okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay uh week the following week. You have a 30-something days and and and and and and and and and and get your money up. And like and like and like and like and like and and and and and and and and and and like and like and like and like and like well well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well I mean um yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout out to all my March baby. Shout so shout so shout so shout so shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout so shout so shout so shout so shout so shout so uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay okay um like out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its its its its its its its its its its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find find find find find find find find find find defensive well so well uh like I mean I mean um I mean listener listener listener listener listener listener listener listener listener listener discretion is advised. March 16th march 16th march 16th march 16th march 16th march 16th 16th 16th 16th 16th 16th 16th 16th 16th 16th march 16th march 16th march 16th march 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime Minister Aldo you know uh okay I mean you know like okay I mean like Maura Maura Maura Maura Maura Maura Maura Maura Maura Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him him him him him him him him him him I mean well I mean okay um well I mean uh okay to work when when when when when when when when when when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door flung okay like you you you you you you you you you you know so you know uh uh like um open Aldo was lifted out of of of of of of of of of of his seat and dragged across the Narrow Street so like so like well well well well well well well well well well well like you know I mean. He shouted he shouted he shouted he shouted he he he he he he he he he he shouted he shouted he shouted he shouted he shouted he shouted let me go go go go go go go go go go. What do you want from me? But his captors okay like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh okay I mean so didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one one one one one one one one one one of three waiting Fiats and sped off. Inside like inside like inside like inside like inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside like inside like inside like inside like inside like inside like um so well um like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know uh the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from from from from from from from from from from his face and blindfolded him then um uh uh um okay like um like um one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the the the the the the the the the the body so okay so okay like I mean well you know so lacks. We got got got got got got got got got got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we we we we we we we we we we got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk good talk good talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk good talk good talk good talk good talk good talk good talk good good good good good good good good good good talk anyways, alright, we're uh okay um um well um well you know okay what what what what what what what what what what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate shaking like a vegetable, like like like like like like like like like like like um you know um okay well um you know but she liked her applesauce applesauce applesauce applesauce applesauce applesauce applesauce applesauce applesauce applesauce. Let them know but All right, you drop the I mean well um well well well well well well well well well well I mean well you know like okay spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So So So So So So So So So So what so what so what so what so what so what so what so what what what what what what what what what what so what so what we talked about today okay uh well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay like today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna say yeah, we're not like so um um so um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having having having having having having having having having having me. Yeah, so listen you know well like okay uh well so um well well well well well well well well well well. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, I mean okay um well uh uh um you know uh right. War really exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles kind uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like uh I mean like uh uh of been different but really thrilled for this this this this this this this this this this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do I mean like so I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like I mean you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, if now, if now, if now, if now, if now, if now, if now, if if if if if if if if if if now, if now, if you know um so I mean you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed noticed noticed noticed noticed noticed noticed noticed noticed noticed that we like um um so okay okay you know uh well started a new series series series series series series series series series series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Chuck I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well you know you know well I mean Matias. He talked to to to to to to to to to to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler join you know uh like like like like like like like like like like uh um okay okay uh you know us talking about fasting weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that conversation I mean well uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh I mean I mean. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs mrs mrs mrs mrs mrs mrs mrs mrs mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks about the gift I mean um you you you you you you you you you you know like like uh I mean well like of hunger. Now the Lord gives this this this this this this this this this this to us as a gift as we engage like um I mean like you know like like like like like like like like like like well well you know with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for for for for for for for for for for joining us right so you know okay you know like I mean like you you you you you you you you you you know uh here with you guys. So your so your so your so your your your your your your your your your your so your so your so your so your so your so your mom you're a loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving wife and you've okay uh uh um so okay uh okay um been here. I I I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent hours I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh you know uh uh uh uh so and hours and hours cultivating cultivating cultivating cultivating cultivating cultivating cultivating cultivating cultivating cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're so you're so you're so you're so you're so you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're so you're so you're so you're so you're going to kind well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean uh um well of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric um like okay I mean uh you know I mean you know okay elbow dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in in in in in in in in in in so uh uh um well uh I mean I mean okay older children defined defined defined defined defined defined defined defined defined defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like I mean okay you know I mean uh um other elbow fractures including including including including including including including including including including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment uh you know I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well um like well uh treatment is usually closed reduction followed by by by by by by by by by by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has well I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um um so um well like an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make you know um you know okay uh like well well well well well well well well well well okay well up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female female female female female female female female female female ratio is I mean uh uh you know I mean so you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year year year year year year year year year year um uh um okay you know well um I mean like olds. And these are are are are are are are are are are very rare in younger children less than three years old the you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know okay so you know well well uh mechanism of a pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy. Today uh uh okay you know um okay like so okay we're going going going going going going going going going going to talk about their coronavirus. But first but first but first but first but first first first first first first first first first first but first but first but first but first but first of all, I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd like you know you know well I mean um well so uh so to introduce myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm okay I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like um uh you know so a board certified Family Medicine physician I practice in in in in in in in in in in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about like I mean like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh uh like 40 50 patients a day and the office I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll still go to the hospital and I mean like okay uh okay um okay I I I I I I I I I I mean like usually have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including including including including including including including including including including ICU and critical you know okay well you know so like so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean heal patients. So literally so literally so literally so literally so literally so so so so so so so so so so literally so literally so literally so literally so literally my patients have been very worried worried worried worried worried worried worried worried worried worried about the core virus I mean well uh I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um well and to be honest who is not been worried about this. Okay? Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is is is is is is is is is is um you know like uh okay like so so I mean the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast. It is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is a platform that speaking of which which which which which which which which which which well like you know like um well so well so uses and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record you know know know know know know know know know know well uh like like so well um you know and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your well so like uh okay so so so so so so so so so so uh uh okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and well um so I mean like you know okay um um many more more more more more more more more more more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, okay like I mean um well okay I mean uh uh and it's everything that you you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place download you know uh you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean like I mean like okay the free anchor app or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee schnee schnee schnee schnee schnee schnee schnee schnee schnee I mean um you know like um so you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a well well well well well well well well well well like okay well well I mean uh so um name for this? We'll get started right right right right right right right right right right after this a lot of stream coach so you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um I mean I mean clients and additional content creators have expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this like you know uh so like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know so um is something that is interesting for you. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me talk to you about my um um okay you know so so well you you you you you you you you you you know like favorite platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first first first first first first first first first first off it's free so like well you know um um you know well so. There There There There There There There There There There are there are there are there are there are there are there are there there there there there there there there there there are there are there are tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your podcast right from so well okay I mean like okay so uh well well well well well well well well well well your phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh like okay um uh um you know on my phone and and and and and and and and and and uploaded all my phone while I was working for uh uh so uh so like like like like like like like like like like like um okay Amazon anchor distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts so you know uh okay well so so so okay like like like like like like like like like like 12 others at this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges I mean I mean I mean like uh I mean well so like a a a a a a a a a a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh okay uh so so um um experience of 26 years years years years years years years years years years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um like well you know along you're joining the words Brendan building your your your your your your your your your your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, you know okay um I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like um I mean uh have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, when I began my podcast, I mean you know okay like well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it it it it it it it it it it so you know um well like uh um okay well engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today today today today today today today today today today so well so I mean well okay I mean okay you know the lovely Kathleen Kathleen Kathleen Kathleen Kathleen Kathleen Kathleen Kathleen Kathleen Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is a like um um um um um um um um um um well uh like okay so you know well fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted okay I mean like uh uh so um um um um um um um um um um so um to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions about ways so okay I mean I mean well well you know uh so to optimize fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't okay you know know know know know know know know know know you know um you know you know I mean okay I mean feel qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified to talk to about that but I do think that Kathleen has a okay you you you you you you you you you you know so uh like so so uh um wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do do do do do do do do do do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure uh like um well uh okay well well well well well well well well well well so I mean Joy. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for having me on today. I am am am am am am am am am am Kathleen child. I am like well well uh so you know uh okay so a a a a a a a a a a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live live live live live live live live live live so uh like okay well I mean well you know um in Boston. We love love love love love love love love love love we love we love we love we love we love we love we love we love we love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of like like like like like like like like like like um I mean well I mean okay like okay uh days and days. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know so like well so is called Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East East East East East East East East East East Kate Simmons. What's up I mean well you know you know I I I I I I I I I I mean um so uh you know guys and gals to his right is Omar. Hey guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys and Owens right is cow, okay uh you know I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um so you know um Bloomfield. How's it going? There? It is and behind behind behind behind behind behind behind behind behind behind me is roommate cow with if I mean like so like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh I mean you can hear him. I don't know if you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys can hear him. And okay and okay and okay and okay and okay and and and and and and and and and and okay and okay and okay and okay and okay um uh so okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like then tonight we welcome on a very very special guest. He is is is is is is is is is is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our probably our our our our our our our our our our probably our probably our probably our probably our probably our probably our probably our probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo my okay you know um well okay like I mean like I mean love love love love love love love love love love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's good? okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay well well okay like I mean um It's Gina AKA high high high high high high high high high high frequencies. Tell him tell him tell him tell him tell him tell him tell him tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell him tell him tell him who you are. Like, what do you do like like like like like like like like like like okay uh uh well you know you know like I mean I mean what what what what what what what what what what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I do uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well uh um like okay. I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't like like like like like like like like like like to limit too much with the words. But um, I kind of so well you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay you know uh you know um do a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst you know so so so so so so so so so so okay okay you know you know well um you know other things yoga teacher Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you here girl uh okay uh well you you you you you you you you you you know well okay well I mean. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you do everything just just just just just just just just just just like me like I dont limit myself. I make I make I make I I I I I I I I I I make I make I make I make I make I make I make candles you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh I mean well so well okay well soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually I'm in the process of making medicine to yeah, and uh um uh so so so so so so so so so so so okay well so so I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you you you you you you you you you you doing okay uh you know uh I mean like um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh hey, how you doing? I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do what what what what what what what what what what do what do what do what do what do what do what do what do do do do do do do do do do what do you want to talk like you know I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean um well about today? We got we got we got we we we we we we we we we we got we got we got we got we got we got we got a breakdown breakdown breakdown breakdown breakdown breakdown breakdown breakdown breakdown breakdown. I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I I I I I I I I I I know I know I know there's not much stock boat. We still we still we we we we we we we we we we still we still we still we still we still we still we still we still still still still still still still still still still so I mean uh like so like uh well I mean haven't broken down the the the the the the the the the the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back. You I mean so so so so so so so so so so like like I mean well well you know uh know what that game room room room room room room room room room room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought we were um okay like I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean well okay so talking about a couple of episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic relationship like well like um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean I mean like like and I was starting to get sucked back back back back back back back back back back in. Yep. And then and then and then and then and then and then then then then then then then then then then and then and then and then and then I think you were okay um uh so so so so so so so so so so I mean like uh I mean you know to it's like when fully back on board board board board board board board board board board is fully back with the Calgary Flames okay um you know okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so okay right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not falling for like well okay uh okay well um uh like it. I've been hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt too many times by these guys, but by the end I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um okay uh uh uh uh you know of that podcast we switched but I was was was was was was was was was was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine uh well like uh so well you know so so so so so so so so so so so. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not not not not not not not not not not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not I'm not fully I mean I mean I mean so uh like I I I I I I I I I I mean um so back. They've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes so so so so so so so so so so like well I mean okay like like well um on the big burn from from from from from from from from from from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people so like okay um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so okay perished in a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres Acres Acres Acres Acres Acres Acres Acres Acres Acres. It would change the um so I mean okay uh so you know know know know know know know know know know so I mean way people looked at firefighters and force Congress to to to to to to to to to to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest um uh um like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay so service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free free free free free free free free free free on Spotify. Wherever well okay um I mean so so um like I mean you you you you you you you you you you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion like um um um um um um um um um um like so uh um so so like is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On um you know like so well um uh you you you you you you you you you you know I mean August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of of of of of of of of of of young volunteers I mean um okay well okay well uh uh well were clearing brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, and and and and and and and and and and I mean so um I mean like okay you know okay well we are chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started the uh well like you you you you you you you you you you know well so you know well uh painting that I talked about last week. I I I I I I I I I I have finished and now I'm sharing all you know you know okay um like well well well well well well well well well well like um like the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in in in in in in in in in in my own Studio practice you know so like like so like so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this this this this this this this this this this podcast I mean well you know okay you know you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you will will will will will will will will will will see so uh uh like um uh um well um Me paint a large abstract painting from from from from from from from from from from start to finish. So if you'd like um like so like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know um to see that process head on over to to to to to to to to to to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes you know I mean you know well you know know know know know know know know know know so you know so uh click on layer by layer and don't forget to use use use use use use use use use use the coupon code. The coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the the the the the the the the the the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon is so uh you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean um like 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and and and and and and and and and and you will save 20% on that class uh um I mean so I mean so so so so so so so so so so well um so up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom like well well well well well well well well well well so I mean I mean uh um I mean I mean offsets. Whether this whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether whether this whether this whether this whether this whether this whether this whether this this this this this this this this this this whether this whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest. Thank you like uh like well uh uh you know like so so much for your your your your your your your your your your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining like like so so so so so so so so so so well uh okay uh um uh me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. Thanks for joining us today okay okay so okay so you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know um. Cody. Remember, excuse me. If you're new here, you may may may may may may may may may may be wondering exactly what lifted um so like I mean well I mean like like like like like like like like like like um uh logic is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline we outline outline outline outline outline outline outline outline outline outline we outline we outline we outline we outline we outline we outline we outline outline outline outline outline outline outline outline outline outline we outline all things. Faucets so faucets so faucets so faucets so faucets so faucets faucets faucets faucets faucets faucets faucets faucets faucets faucets so faucets so faucets so faucets so faucets so I mean okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like I mean like related we talked to folks from the staff here. We We We We We We We We We We do industry Trends or so I mean uh like I mean I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well so events. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, we just kind of cover it it it it it it it it it it all remember if you need Wheels you know like um um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like well tires suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to to to to to to to to to to head uh like like like I mean I mean okay um uh on over to to to to to to to to to to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched I mean so so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well so I mean like a new giveaway yesterday and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an an an an an an an an an an angel man so um like okay well uh I mean you know well has has has has has has has has has has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday was it so so so so so so so so so so um like well so um um um um was sick the what face facts facts facts facts facts facts facts facts facts facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us the you know so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so you know so I mean cup of the Exile boys. What's up up up up up up up up up up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up what's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, um I mean so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um okay you know that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants wants wants wants wants wants wants wants wants wants cavity was on gravity like so um so well uh like well um Mero Mero Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't like um um um um um um um um um um so like you know uh um well so lose brain cells last night happy to to to to to to to to to to you, right cause like that sure was well well uh uh um okay like like like like like like like like like like like like it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know know know know know know know know know know what so you know uh you know well like like um like you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay well you know I mean okay I mean podcast. Let me explain. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you know so so so record and edit your podcast, right right right right right right right right right right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know um uh well okay okay so your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast okay um uh I mean uh like like well you you you you you you you you you you know and many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership you know well I mean you know well like so so so so so so so so so so so so. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. I want to to to to to to to to to to you know I mean so I mean um you know so okay you know ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask you a question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody has everybody has everybody has everybody has everybody has everybody has everybody has has has has has has has has has has everybody has everybody has everybody has a um okay you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so you know I mean dream life. We all have that picture in our our our our our our our our our our mind not that life. You want like you know okay so you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like to live my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the the the the the the the the the the life? Most people um you know um so I mean um so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay would say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems impossible I mean um um so um so I mean um well. It's too hard. It It It It It It It It It It doesn't seem feasible. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have those kind of uh so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean okay uh you know um uh opportunities. I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have it it it it it it it it it it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the like well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh you know like so well go Hi, this is me me me me me me me me me me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know I mean like I mean you know you know um. Once upon a time time time time time time time time time time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received okay I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so well like um okay so an invitation to a medical conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference in London. So he booked his ticket but um you know uh so so so so so so so so so so um um you know well you know due to the peak season had to to to to to to to to to to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As well okay uh like so um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved reserved his I mean uh okay well uh uh okay um you know preferred seat for for for for for for for for for for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay I mean you know um so arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment podcast the art you know uh well well so uh so you know so of of of of of of of of of of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry so well well well well well well well well well well uh um I mean okay okay well like who are ready to stand together to fight fight fight fight fight fight fight fight fight fight Society standards and become part of a community like I mean okay well okay well well well well well well well well well well uh like so that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact impact on this world uh you know um well um um like so so. Are you up up up up up up up up up up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here today I mean well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well like I mean okay with a special guest a treat if if if if if if if if if if you will Bethany. Well, I've never okay well um you know know know know know know know know know know you know okay um okay I mean called you Bethany best Ajman and I I I I I I I I I I think I said your last name right? so you know I mean like like like well well well well well well well well well well like um You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business business business business business business business business business business name? And yeah, let's start there I mean well you know so well like like like like like like like like like like like okay like. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name is is is is is is is is is is starboard editing and I um okay like okay uh okay so okay well do editing and and and and and and and and and and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean you know like so so well okay our leadership series series series series series series series series series series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series um well uh like like like like like like like like like like so uh so uh um. We've sat down with some exceptional female leaders to to to to to to to to to to talk about their story well uh okay I mean like so like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay their journey, and what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal equal equal equal equal equal equal equal equal equal okay um you know okay well well okay well you know campaign for international women's day day day day day day day day day day. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we we we we we we we we we we hope we hope we hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean you know so you know well so you know. In today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean so so well I mean I mean like across the Davidson group Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry I mean um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay okay I mean the majority of them being in senior leadership roles. I I I I I I I I I I also had the privilege of so well so um like uh okay so so working working working working working working working working working working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well you know like well like you know. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to to to to to to to to to to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV like well I mean um like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so excited new video new I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like okay so I mean uh well gossip. I cannot wait to just just just just just just just just just just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a so okay like uh like so so so so so so so so so so so so like super show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II II II II II II II II II II just I mean like you know I mean you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um they stayed with me girl. Stay busy stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay busy stay busy stay busy stay busy stay busy stay busy stay busy stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay busy stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree you know uh um um um um um um um um um um uh you know like so um like and to my immediate left. Hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy uh so like um um um um um um um um um um so um uh okay okay love having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Right In. Okay, let's well you know um like um like uh um you you you you you you you you you you know start with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well well uh okay okay you know I mean up. First of of of of of of of of of of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world world world world world world world world world world. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time it's time it's time you know uh well like um I mean well um so so so so so so so so so so for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other day, bro, a a a a a a a a a a okay well uh so okay you know uh you know well meddling a good roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of any okay okay you know like you you you you you you you you you you know so okay well um number two. And before we get going we we we we we we we we we we want to give a big shout-out to our like I mean I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you know well uh well um great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier premier premier premier premier premier premier premier premier premier enhance quality catching equipment. If um if um if um if um if um um um um um um um um um um if um if um if um if um if um um okay like like like like like like like like like like uh okay well so uh you're looking to enhance your receiving game going going going going going going going going going going over to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will like so so okay you know know know know know know know know know know um um you know like find an array of great training gloves anywhere from the the the the the the the the the the donut to The Equalizer well I mean like I mean so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like to the focus framer or even the glove that was designed by by by by by by by by by by our so like okay uh so um okay well okay very own Chris news news news news news news news news news news. The pocket the pocket the pocket the pocket the pocket the pocket the pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket the pocket the pocket the pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh you know well like you know well well to our weekly CPD podcast full full full full full full full full full full of advice tips and knowledge to help you uh well like well um um you know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know Ace your a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might might might might might might might might might might also find this podcast you know okay so I mean like so um like like like like like like like like like like you know helpful to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, surveyor, this well like like so okay um so I mean you know week's blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean you know I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well well um okay uh you know for you and your EPC we've been been been been been been been been been been asked about this many times. So we now have uh well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like so um so official clarification from our ICS on the issue for for for for for for for for for for you firstly. What is like so so you know so um you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states states states states states states states states states states it states it states it states it states it states it states it it it it it it it it it it states it states it states um like okay um so uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know well that when you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the time well well well well well well well well well well uh uh okay I mean okay uh like so we do do do do do do do do do do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and in and in and in and and and and and and and and and and in and in and in and in and in and in and around us. In fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, even well well uh uh I mean well you know uh I mean this physical physical physical physical physical physical physical physical physical physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy because if you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so so like so uh so uh break down all your tissues into into into into into into into into into into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into Small little Adam um uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh you know like you know and Adam in two electrons. What are they? they they they they they they they they they They are Energies. They are I mean uh like you know um I mean um um um um um um um um um um well you know a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are also also also also also also also also also also an okay okay well um well you know like okay uh energy. Your emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions your emotions your emotions your emotions your emotions your emotions your emotions your emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions emotions your emotions your emotions are Energies. So we so we so we we we we we we we we we we so we so we so we so we so we so we so we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The The The The The The The The The The run I mean like um I mean uh so well I mean um for PRS podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your training uh like like like like like like like like like like I mean like I mean I mean so uh I mean to to to to to to to to to to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions that you've okay well I mean okay so okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh been dying to know the answers to we will get the inside scoop um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well uh okay um um I mean on what really makes you the best athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete that you can be. Have you okay okay so so so I mean um so so so so so so so so so so um ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so so so so so so so so so so fast well you know like um okay so uh like you know well, This This This This This This This This This This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep dive uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so so so like um to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a a a a a a a a a a runner. How to gain endurance running you know okay okay I mean well well I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background background background background background background background background background background in a robic sports, so so I mean you know you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like um uh like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base base base base base base base base base base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before I mean so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean I mean like uh um like some have been through multiple exits exits exits exits exits exits exits exits exits exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, uh so okay like okay well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay but they all have one common thread which is they know where there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a um uh like like I mean like um well you know pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain in sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and you you you you you you you you you you know so you know like uh like like okay so they know that there are are are are are are are are are are people willing to pay for that pain um um like you know you know know know know know know know know know know like okay um well to go away. You're listening to sports Tech feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast uh um okay okay okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean that's right. You listen you listen you listen you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen you listen you listen you listen you listen you listen you listen to to to to to to to to to to sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great okay so you know okay so well well well well well well well well well well like so so to have you joining us. Once again, once again, once again, once once once once once once once once once once again, once again, once again, once again, once again, once again, once again, we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion well so um um you know uh um um um um um um um um um um you know so today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of of of of of of of of of of stadia Ventures. Stadia um like I mean so uh so like I mean so is is is is is is is is is is a global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like um well like like um you know in sports and Esports. They've had they've had had had had had had had had had had they've had they've had they've had they've had they've had they've had they've had had had had had had had had had had they've had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including I mean um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay uh you know well well five successful exits, and I I I I I I I I I I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly like so okay well like like um uh you know. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so so so so so so so so so so happy been Hell. She's a she's a she's a she's a she's a she's a a a a a a a a a a she's a she's a she's a she's a columnist a host and I mean you you you you you you you you you you know um like um I mean um like so author but most importantly an an an an an an an an an an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is she is she is she is is is is is is is is is is she is she is she is she is she is she is the okay um um um um um um um um um um you know uh you know uh so like uh resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine magazine. She's written two books working on a well uh okay so well um um um um um um um um um um you know uh so third. She's basically like the hottest Astro bitch and the the the the the the the the the the planet because like if I'm like I mean I mean you know uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know gonna bring you guys some astrology It I'm bringing you you you you you you you you you you the hottest fire dope lady um um um uh okay okay like okay so fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire you can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh okay you know like that I just was on on on on on on on on on on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking I mean so um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay um like through website. She just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and like like like like like like like like like like well like I mean um you know uh well like night toothbrushing show start brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing on the top of your mouth on one side I mean so like you know know know know know know know know know know so I mean like well like and brush the inside the outside and the the the the the the the the the the chewing side of each tube. Its so uh you know okay so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean heroines week and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose Whose Whose Whose Whose Whose Whose Whose Whose Whose hard whose hard whose hard whose hard whose hard whose hard whose hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard whose hard whose hard whose hard work helped black I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay so well I mean you know women all over America. Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean like um um you know she had a different name name name name name name name name name name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana so you know okay um um um um um um um um um um okay well uh like uh. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself and her daughter you know you know like um like well I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like Laila. So Sarah so Sarah so Sarah so Sarah so Sarah so Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah so Sarah so Sarah so Sarah so Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today well well well well well well well well well well well uh so okay well so well so. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona escalona escalona escalona escalona escalona escalona escalona escalona escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a well like um um you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean like uh more successful and fulfilling life. So let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's do okay uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know well like you know uh like it. So ebony you are an equine equine equine equine equine equine equine equine equine equine vet and have been for many years. Now you know well like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean so. Did that spark appear very early on in your your your your your your your your your your life or did it come a you know you know um um um okay like I I I I I I I I I I mean uh bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it was obsessed with you know okay okay well well you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know you know I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah sat on well well well well well well well well well well you know well like like like well I mean uh my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I you know know know know know know know know know know uh so so uh I mean okay well okay hope y'all are growing in in in in in in in in in in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced well like like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay like you know Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew because I haven't introduced yet I mean uh well like okay like you know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean. Yeah, smash the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be be be be be be be be be be so sweet of uh you know um like you know like I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like you. If you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and and and and and and and and and and you know um well I mean well um uh uh I mean it gets the message message message message message message message message message message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways like okay you you you you you you you you you you know you know like I mean um you know I mean now, let me me me me me me me me me me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so well um okay so you know well right, and you'll work on this this this this this this this this this this entry. We need to do something about that, uh okay um so um like like like like like like like like like like okay so like right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a skip okay well um uh you know I mean okay like uh to 20 seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds seconds. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still well well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay well uh okay like like on our demonic Church teaching series series series series series series series series series series and we have covered quite a few okay um like so you know um okay so like like like like like like like like like like here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this so this so this so this so this so this so this so so so so so so so so so so this so this so this podcast is brought to you by anchor and and and and and and and and and and if you guys you know I mean well okay um okay okay um I mean haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free free free free free free free free free free um well like like you know okay I mean so okay and there's a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know okay okay so um uh your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone and computer and anchor is just all okay you know like well okay you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean you know around hassle-free. And once and once and once and and and and and and and and and and once and once and once and once and once and once and once you you you you you you you you you you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like I mean I mean I mean um Apple podcasts, so you can make make make make make make make make make make easy money by uploading your podcast here and okay like I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like um okay um you know just sharing your Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, it's Taylor or some of like okay you know well so I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean um you may know me as tells and this podcast will will will will will will will will will will be focusing on how to I mean so um okay um I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean navigate an Excel as a minority in Academia, but more specifically specifically specifically specifically specifically specifically specifically specifically specifically specifically students in physics because well you know uh like I mean like um you you you you you you you you you you know like we know that there are many biases that can and will will will will will will will will will will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon Brandon I mean I mean okay uh well uh well like like. And today we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in like like um like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh you know so like which I'll basically kind of run through what what what what what what what what what what the shows actually going to be you know well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so you know about for those who don't know what the vibe vibe vibe vibe vibe vibe vibe vibe vibe vibe Dojo is talk a little bit okay so like well like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like about our community. And yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, it's kind of go through through through through through through through through through through the basics before you know you know um um like um okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh we get any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views the views the views the views the views the views views views views views views views views views views the views the views the views the views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not not not not not not not not not not necessarily stay or so uh um um you know you know like I I I I I I I I I I mean uh reflect those of the company and its management for their more the the the the the the the the the the views and opinions well well um I mean okay uh so you know you know know know know know know know know know know of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan former I I I I I I I I I I mean well well you know I mean uh so so so A&R at Warner Warner Warner Warner Warner Warner Warner Warner Warner Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us uh um you you you you you you you you you you know well um so I mean okay so 40 minutes of his time to to to to to to to to to to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, like uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um so I mean like I mean so you know for artists that are just starting out out out out out out out out out out and how they can A&R like you know I mean okay I mean um well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their their their their their their their their their their career how they can you know uh um you know I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and and and and and and and and and and ours and work so you know uh you know like well um like like like like like like like like like like uh with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is a great one one one one one one one one one one uh so so uh okay so so you know okay so strap in and enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the show if you guys are looking for more well okay you know um um you you you you you you you you you you know well okay so information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us us us us us us us us us us out at Studio uh well well uh um like um uh uh talking dotco dotco dotco dotco dotco dotco dotco dotco dotco dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner like um so so so so so so so so so so um uh well okay um uh Music Group current founder of management and artist development development development development development development development development development development company. Yo peep this So yeah, like you know um uh like you know well well well well well well well well well well um so man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network you know like well you know okay you know uh so uh. I'm your host host host host host host host host host host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you uh okay you you you you you you you you you you know so so uh like okay okay today. Today. We're going to dive into the the the the the the the the the the world of Animation. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to I mean so um you you you you you you you you you you know so like uh I mean so talk about Pixar Animation studio. And today today today today today today today today today today I have an amazing guest with me a well like you know um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh you know first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew say hi to everybody well like I mean well uh so well uh um look look look look look look look look look look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get him okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so okay like so okay uh on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to to to to to to to to to to talk about and me and Andrew uh uh okay uh I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so uh you know always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be be be be be be be be be be you know, the like like uh okay I mean okay um I mean so perfect category category category category category category category category category category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five five five five five five five five five five minutes talk well uh okay uh you know um okay like like on experience and and and and and and and and and and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um well like well you know for a while have been following me me me me me me me me me me on the internet out there in the okay okay uh like well um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept concept of experience trumps everything okay like you know well um like like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping you know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh uh uh like okay um you know a step step step step step step step step step step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If you if you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan on you know okay so like like so well you know you know know know know know know know know know know mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you like like like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean okay okay so like need experience. There is nothing there is is is is is is is is is is no substitute. There is there is there is there is there is there is there there there there there there there there there there is there is there is there is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors like like like like like like like like like like you know so so okay um so uh well good score last night. No, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston like so like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well well uh Rockets just a waste of time of us trying to to to to to to to to to to win so we can like okay well you know you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so get a higher spot. What does it matter? We're not going to to to to to to to to to to get the first but okay like you know okay uh uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you know um anyway, it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back back back back back back back back back back on us besides the I mean uh um you know um um um I I I I I I I I I I mean well point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr jr jr jr jr jr jr jr jr jr you know uh uh well uh I mean you know well um. PSA 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10. I had I had I had I had I had I had I had I I I I I I I I I I had I had I had two of them. I sold I sold I sold sold sold sold sold sold sold sold sold sold I sold I sold I sold I sold I sold I sold I I I I I I I I I I sold one of them for a you know well you know like well um um um um um um um um um um okay okay so hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah um uh um well um like so okay like. Now I had this card for for for for for for for for for for $125 for the longest time and I took okay okay um so you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean it off because I was afraid that of exactly this this this this this this this this this this and something that you okay okay uh I mean okay so well you you you you you you you you you you know so guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean you know I mean so you know like you know you you you you you you you you you you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over over over over over over over over over over like okay like so you know uh like I mean like to our website website website website website website website website website website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly awesome I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so uh I mean you know uh you know uh t-shirts and maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page so you know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean so uh uh uh you know and see what how you can can can can can can can can can can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome like so uh well so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like content just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the the the the the the the the the the show. Hello I mean so so you know uh I mean okay so okay. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so glad you could join us. I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope you brought your walking walking walking walking walking walking walking walking walking walking to like you know so uh like uh um you know well hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in like like like like like like like like like like okay okay you know you know you know okay um well the woods with DDS a a a a a a a a a a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we um well you know you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know um you know you know look forward to having having having having having having having having having having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so okay I mean uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean I mean like much for tuning in again. This is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is the first episode of in the woods um I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so like okay okay with EDSA. So bear with us and and and and and and and and and and we plan to get better at each one so okay you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like okay like of these that we do we also plan to have a a a a a a a a a a lot of different different guest okay like um I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um you know on the show each week. We have we have we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we have a trio of different co-hosts that are well uh you know um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um um going to be going to be helping out and joining us us us us us us us us us us the first of which you know well uh I mean you know um well well well well well well well well well well well um is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was was was was was was was was was was you know so uh you know uh you know um so you know going on? Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy he's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just just just just just just just just just just here to you know like well like well uh well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well so like you know you know so uh I mean um online online online online online online online online online online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make well like I mean well um I mean um so well a podcast. It It It It It It It It It It gives you everything you need in one place for free, which I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean um well so you know I mean you can use right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to okay like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like you know like um record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even even even even even even even even even even better. They'll distribute your podcast uh I mean so um like like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts you know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean you know um I mean I mean um like and many more you you you you you you you you you you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum uh like like so you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean you know okay listenership. That's right. You can make money from from from from from from from from from from this podcast. This isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't a scumbag uh so I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay um I mean like you know Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing probably um I mean I mean you know so you know uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like so okay you know you know you know okay if you ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that well um okay I I I I I I I I I I mean well so so well so he's staying put but if you ask me me me me me me me me me me as an NFL fan. You staying well uh um uh okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know put it just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody Somebody Somebody Somebody Somebody Somebody Somebody Somebody Somebody Somebody like him somebody that you know well well well okay like um well well has been in in in in in in in in in in the NFL for just about 20 years spent it well like okay uh so um well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean all with one team just doesn't make sense for me to to to to to to to to to to it's just doesn't make well well okay so you know well um uh like like like like like like like like like like sense to me. So it doesn't make sense to me for this so you you you you you you you you you you know like you know like I mean like so you know man the go out out out out out out out out out out and play for another team at 43 years old you know um um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so like well after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um so you know okay um uh like to get you going. All you you you you you you you you you you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like um I mean you know okay uh well m-- to get started and you know what? what what what what what what what what what It's totally free just download the like um you know okay uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on on on on on on on on on on I mean like um um uh you know so uh well your way to your own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. You can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can have fun. You can talk about uh uh okay um so so so so so so so so so so I mean so uh well whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. You can make uh like so you know uh like I mean okay well it by whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever you want to make it about. It'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be be be be be be be be be be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be yours, and it's totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally totally free well okay well well uh you know okay I mean like. Once again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot well so so so so so so so so so so okay well so uh okay okay I mean f m-- in you on your way way way way way way way way way way. He's not he's not he's not he's not he's not he's not he's not not not not not not not not not not he's not he's not he's not going back again. Another segment I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well you know I mean so like of the roller agenda this this this this this this this this this this this segment of the real agenda. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about um like like like like like like like like like like you know um um okay like okay I mean anchor its easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's I mean like like you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean uh like uh creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your you know I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean I mean you know um phone or computer anchor will will will will will will will will will will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard well like so uh well you you you you you you you you you you know um okay I mean on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no so so uh okay I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you know um like minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all all all all all all all all all all in one place you know okay I mean well um okay okay uh um. So So So So So So So So So So download so download so download so download so download so download so download so so so so so so so so so so download so download so download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor FM.com to get like so um so um well okay um I mean started. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to talk okay well well well well well well well well well well uh well I mean well like okay um about a meme and it's not just just just just just just just just just just a meme in the sense of an so so so so um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know image. It's an it's an it's an it's an it's an it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's an it's an it's an it's an it's an idea that people have and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to look into it so um well um well so uh um um um um um um um um um um um understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the inside the inside the inside the inside the inside the inside the inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside inside the inside the inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here here here here here here here here here here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam. It's um um you know well okay uh like you you you you you you you you you you know like going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough free I mean um uh like um well so so so agency. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like we uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um uh like I mean okay should really take one second here to thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting I mean well you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay so well podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or or or or or or or or or or know we were in Indianapolis. We did our like you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like well um so I mean I mean free agency preview from there and then it it it it it it it it it it just exploded. So obviously we both uh okay well okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know um a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Byron Byron Byron Byron Byron Byron Byron Byron Byron Jones scoop. So we're really okay you know um like okay uh uh um uh happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really listen so that uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like okay well well well so was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but but but but but but but but but but it's so okay okay um um well I mean like uh confusing because we release release release release release release release release release release the last two episodes out of order. When one when one when one when when when when when when when when when when one when one when one when one when one when one when one uh uh so um um um um um um um um um um uh like um um well one three two. Oh, how oh, how oh, how how how how how how how how how how oh, how oh, how oh, how oh, how oh, how oh, how oh, how how how how how how how how how how will how will they trust how will our fans? like so you know you know know know know know know know know know know so you know you know so um How are we gonna get through this as as as as as as as as as as a group? I think I think I mean okay um um uh so you know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know that all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have have have have have have have have have have to it's more uh well I mean uh uh uh well uh well of of of of of of of of of of like an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you like like like like like like like like like like so um you know well well you know I mean so the current current current current current current current current current current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know well okay I mean so out of order. I'm playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining so so so so so so so so so so so um okay I mean uh like okay um your life. Yeah, you get get get get get get get get get get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So like so like so like like like like like like like like like like so like so like so like so like so like so like so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay okay well you know um like what are your biggest Skyrim breath breath breath breath breath breath breath breath breath breath of the wild and now which are you well well um okay okay um I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about about about about about about about about about about like like guns big so so okay so uh well like I I I I I I I I I I mean like fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how how how how how how how how how how uh okay uh I mean okay uh I mean I mean okay we do do do do do do do do do do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use we use we use we use we we we we we we we we we we use we use we use we use we use we use the the the the the the the the the the anchor dot f well so you know so like um um um like m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation like I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay like you know I mean well you know tools to allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or well well like well I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so um okay a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download the free anchor app to get well like well you know so okay okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when when when when when when when when when when in you know you know I mean uh um you know okay like well doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf like like like like like like like like like like so you know um um I mean okay well I mean 20 and save save save save save save save save save save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we we we we we we we we we we raised a bear uh um I mean you know so well well well I I I I I I I I I I mean and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are are are are are are are are are are going to well you know okay so um I mean you know okay like take you you you you you you you you you you on a journey blank to the Future and before you and ask you you you you you you you you you you know okay like um well uh okay I mean you know where we are going going going going going going going going going going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good thing uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so um well I mean uh okay because you're not going to get them here here here here here here here here here here at least not in this episode kind like so well you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so um of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the the the the the the the the the the Past tear up the you know okay so well like like so well well usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film references references references references references references references references references references so you know like I mean I mean well I mean like okay and of of of of of of of of of of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which well okay I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay okay so well well Drew assisted one. I believe I believe I I I I I I I I I I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he could be considered you know like like like like like like like like like like like um like well uh so so a precursor to America's Alonso. And And And And And And And And And And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all all all all all all all all all all things Animal uh so okay I mean so okay you know uh well Crossing episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest uh I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so well so I mean so uh patreon patrons today Sergio and and and and and and and and and and I are going to go over the week's countdown you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay um um so um questions talk about all the new information. We We We We We We We We We We learned we learned we learned we learned we learned we learned we learned we learned we we we we we we we we we we learned we learned from PAX East and there will okay um like so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay okay so well be a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie Carrie Carrie Carrie Carrie Carrie Carrie Carrie Carrie Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing uh so like so like I mean so well well well well well well well well well well I mean New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. Chewy uh okay you know I mean uh okay um okay so. I'm doing pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in terms uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um well okay so well uh of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot of well you know so um uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I I I I I I I I I I mean putting those in the album's and so so well like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh uh it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I you know um um um um um um um um um um like you know you know okay uh I mean like want to say thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today you know um I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean so okay okay I mean. I am going to to to to to to to to to to focus on a very touchy topic. This is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is a topic that's um um um um um um um um um um uh uh okay so like I mean so I mean very close to to to to to to to to to to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today well well well well well well well well well well well so okay okay like okay so like that you know my needed to you know, sort of of of of of of of of of of address the elephant in the um like like okay you know well well so um room room room room room room room room room room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay okay you know so so so you know of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and welcome to another episode of come on on on on on on on on on on ref. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Luke Aven. I like I like I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like like like like like like like like like like um like I mean uh well well um well hope everyone had a great great great great great great great great great great week. First off. I just want to say thank you um uh like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like uh you know to everyone who has been supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on Instagram following and like uh like um um um um um um um um um um you know um uh um okay just giving a real sense of community around around around around around around around around around around this podcast. So thank you to like you know you know um you know so so so so so so so so so so uh you know uh everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier Premier Premier Premier Premier Premier Premier Premier Premier Premier League action and the so well um so uh um um like well repercussions of of of of of of of of of of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest story of I mean like like like like like like like like like like uh uh uh like so uh you know the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing losing to Watford 3-nil. It was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was quite a disappointing loss so so so so so so so so so so uh well so so um okay I mean okay to be honest. The first first first first first first first first first first loss that you go off is 3-nil against walk well I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um so okay um um further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly one point off of the okay well uh well I mean um well um you know relegation relegation relegation relegation relegation relegation relegation relegation relegation relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day I'm day I'm day I'm day I'm day I'm day day day day day day day day day day I'm day I'm day I'm day I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the the the the the the the the the the sites of social media like okay you know well well um uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh so well I mean um so okay insights experimentation and and and and and and and and and and learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean uh I mean I mean okay um uh 186. I'm finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working on a a a a a a a a a a so uh so uh well so I mean you know um brand new new new new new new new new new new 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't we can't we we we we we we we we we we can't we can't we can't we can't we can't we can't we can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't we can't wait to like okay okay uh like like well like like share share share share share share share share share share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to to to to to to to to to to so well um I mean uh um well like you know revisit a really Popular Popular Popular Popular Popular Popular Popular Popular Popular Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential well um like uh well well well well well well well well well well uh okay well well skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites websites websites websites websites websites websites websites websites websites advertisements blog posts and uh you know okay like okay I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to write write write write write write write write write write exceptional uh I mean I mean so you know well like well uh copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a a a a a a a a a a um well okay I mean um like like well you know daily devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to well uh I I I I I I I I I I mean so um okay well you know uh live with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that that that that that that that that that that is exactly what Paul is talking about here I mean well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um um well in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start start start start start start start start start start this section in verses okay you know I mean you know so okay well well well well well well well well well well okay uh 1 through 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we we we we we we we we we we know well so you know okay I mean I mean I mean I mean so that that that that that that that that that that if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from from from from from from from from from from um you know well well so you know like so so God a house not made made made made made made made made made made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in you know like uh okay well well well well well well well well well well like um I mean okay this tent we groan longing to put put put put put put put put put put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting um I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so you know so it on we may not be found naked for while while while while while while while while while while we are still in this well uh like well okay well uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going going going going going going going going going going what's going what's going what's going on guys before we get started on on on on on on on on on on today's episode. I want I want I want I want I want I want want want want want want want want want want I want I want I want I want you know okay I mean uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you know like uh you know to talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app app app app app app app app app app that I use to okay okay um uh I mean you know like okay uh record record record record record record record record record record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free free free free free free free free free free and well like like I mean I mean like so like like it allows you you you you you you you you you you to use tools that allow you to record and edit okay like um well like like like like like like like like like like uh so you know okay your podcast straight from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer that allows you to record with friends as well uh um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know uh like okay after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will will will will will will will will will will then distribute your podcast for you like okay well you know like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many many many many many many many many many many more you can like okay uh okay okay um um you know so also definitely make make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need um um um um um um um um um um um um well I mean I mean like um okay to make a podcast in in in in in in in in in in one place download the free anchor app or go um well uh um well well well well well well well well well well uh uh uh um to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start this podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, I just want to let you I mean um so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like okay like guys know if you are listening to this podcast through through through through through through through through through through headphones. I'm warning you you know um well well like well like like like like like like like like like like like okay right now. It's only going through the left here. I want I want want want want want want want want want want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want want want want want want want want want want I want to believe because um okay uh like um I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um you know that's just the way my my whole setup. It works I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, like like like like like like like like like like so I mean well okay well so okay okay we save teachers hours each week week week week week week week week week week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for so so okay well okay so so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know their classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers so uh I mean okay I mean I mean you know so um for on here here here here here here here here here here. Thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks so thanks so thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please well well well well well well well well well well uh like um so uh you know uh uh rate and review us any Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers so I mean like you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean like you know I mean gears. Have you have you have have have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have have have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali is a passionate teacher who is so like uh um okay um um um um um um um um um um okay you know uh has used this source and program to engage in Delight how how how how how how how how how how beautiful students she's a you know so like you know well well uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings on her Instagram um I mean I mean uh okay um okay um um um um um um um um um um so page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh so uh you know uh uh uh her students. My students students students students students students students students students students my students my students my students my students my students my students my my my my my my my my my my students my students my students came to school on the second day and and and and and and and and and and they were I mean okay uh so well like well I mean well well well well well well well well well well like, when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I I I I I I I I I I was just you know well I mean like uh uh so you know you know know know know know know know know know know sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you so much uh okay like well so uh I mean okay like for for for for for for for for for for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean like okay well like so okay Not so so so so so so so so so so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier well well well well well well well well well well well so so you know well uh uh you know. Well, I told you we can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest okay uh so so um you you you you you you you you you you know okay so like. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have have have have have have have have have have interns who do that well so I mean so okay you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is is is is is is is is is is looking into the foreign well uh um okay like so I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty. Package like you know okay you know you know you know uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after. You know why why why why why why why why why why uh well like so I mean I mean you know well you know they call her her her her her her her her her her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of them in I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um okay I mean um well one Lunch Period or freshman year right right right right right right right right right right down the gullet and not 20 minutes like I mean uh well so like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an an an an an an an an an an A+ I mean um uh so well you know uh uh um. Look point is the the the the the the the the the the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give her um so well I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay uh okay um up for a pack of pens in in in in in in in in in in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know well I mean well well like so chili dog will be a great fit fit fit fit fit fit fit fit fit fit in the halls of our school well I mean I mean so um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so so and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for for for for for for for for for for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo clo clo clo clo clo clo clo clo clo you know okay um you know you know uh uh well so Francisco Lara Lara Lara Lara Lara Lara Lara Lara Lara Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we um we um we um we um we we we we we we we we we we um we um we um we um we um we want to share with you you you you you you you you you you guys okay I mean uh okay I mean uh I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the Jack Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an you know know know know know know know know know know um okay I mean okay so okay I mean uh amazing person with a a a a a a a a a a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay you know I mean um team. It's all it's all it's all all all all all all all all all all it's all it's all it's all it's all it's all it's all it's all about about about about about about about about about about the people you put together. I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want to take advantage okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like okay okay um you know like okay of this to share with with with with with with with with with with you guys. The fact that I am part of uh okay well so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean I mean like I mean Lucky's que. Ahora El ahora El El El El El El El El El El ahora El ahora El ahora El ahora El ahora El ahora El ahora El ahora ahora ahora ahora ahora ahora ahora ahora ahora ahora El Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you well okay you you you you you you you you you you know like okay uh so well so guys are all phenomenal and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's all about what we have built and where we were well so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean uh well so going. He's other portion of his leadership is is is is is is is is is is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture conversation coming up uh like okay um I mean you know um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean today. And for and for and for and for and for and for and and and and and and and and and and for and for and for and for me, I stress it that period in my my my my my my my my my my life. I bucked well um well um like um so like okay Authority. I can can can can can can can can can can I can I can I can I can I can I can I I I I I I I I I I can I can I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And And And And And And And And And And I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I and and and and and and and and and and I and I mean I mean uh well like well uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and and and and and and and and and and said, oh you should I mean you know I mean so so you know know know know know know know know know know uh like uh be making more black art. Are you should be making more more more more more more more more more more black looking things. I like like like uh I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so I mean would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug Doug Doug Doug Doug Doug Doug Doug Doug Doug. Thank okay um okay uh well uh well um uh you for downloading this this this this this this this this this this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a well so I mean um you you you you you you you you you you know so okay okay um series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory Armory Armory Armory Armory Armory Armory Armory Armory Armory show you know well you know so so you know you know well uh in in in in in in in in in in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um so well you know uh uh you know days to check out one of of of of of of of of of of the hottest art fairs in town. And we and we and we and we we we we we we we we we we and we and we and we and we and we and we uh like like like like like like like like like like uh you know uh like you know so um managed to NAB ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to like uh like like so you know well uh so the podcast hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you for I mean well well well well well well well well well well uh so um uh I mean okay well tuning in again for another week of of of of of of of of of of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this if this if this if this if this if if if if if if if if if if this if this if this if this if this is like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like okay I mean you know okay your first time listening to to to to to to to to to to the podcast shame on you start from the I mean you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um like I mean like fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if if if if if if if if if if what if what if what if what if what if what if what if if if if if if if if if if what if what if you don't like to listen to rules or like well well well well well well well well well well so I mean you know you know um I mean okay obey them you can can can can can can can can can can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a drink because because because because because because because because because because I mean like um um so well okay okay like I like to say fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record record record record record record record record record record so well well like well okay so so uh my podcast episodes. I've been I've been been been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been using it for the last several months and um um like um so um um um um um um um um um um okay like um I absolutely love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make um you know so I mean okay well uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me explain it's free their creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you like well okay I mean so okay like you know so to to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will um um um um um um um um um um uh so well you know okay well well um even distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you so it can be heard on On Spotify um um uh like um um um um um um um um um um like okay you know um Apple podcast and many more you can even make money money money money money money money money money money from your podcast with you know you know so you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like well you know um no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place well I mean uh like so like I mean okay well. All All All All All All All All All All you have to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f like you know uh so so you know you know okay um m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard so uh well I mean like okay you know uh like about anchor what are are are are are are are are are are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you haven't heard okay well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean well uh you know so like about anchor it's the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast and I will elaborate I mean so so so so so so so so so so well um um so uh you know well first of all, it's free can't beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat that too. There's creation tools that allow you you know I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay you know so to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro. My you my you my my my my my my my my my my you my you my you my you my you my you my you my you you you you you you you you you you know so well you know you know like well so okay computer's broke. I already already already already already already already already already already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone well um okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know uh like okay. In addition in addition in addition in addition in in in in in in in in in in addition in addition in addition in addition in addition in addition to that that that that that that that that that that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for uh so you know know know know know know know know know know uh um well well okay like you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and many more row many more you know like uh I mean uh uh well well well well well well well well well well like okay dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can can can can can can can can can can make money from your I mean okay like well I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably had okay so so you know uh well um like you know your listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in a podcast okay like you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh so well well uh in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh so I mean I mean you know I mean uh and night night night night night night night night night night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well you know so okay I mean uh little circles all the way way way way way way way way way way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero okay like I mean um um um um um um um um um um I mean like uh I mean um is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of of of of of of of of of of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn Bridge I mean uh like you you you you you you you you you you know like you know I mean well so is a giant bridge in New New New New New New New New New New York City the goes over a big river and like well you know you you you you you you you you you you know um okay so well uh it's beautiful people from all over the world come come come come come come come come come come to New York each year and take okay uh um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh you know okay I mean pictures of it. And one of the main people who who who who who who who who who who helped build that bridge so uh uh um you know like um like okay but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the the the the the the the the the the John Hopkins so I mean like okay like you know uh okay so so so so so so so so so so database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven cases worldwide worldwide worldwide worldwide worldwide worldwide worldwide worldwide worldwide worldwide I mean okay like I mean I mean like well like uh 300. I'm sorry I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States. We have have have have have have have have have have so so well like okay uh so well like now passed the hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed with okay uh I mean well I mean um um um um um um um um um um you know well I mean six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we we we we we we we we we we haven't had any deaths in you know well uh okay um so so so so so so so so so so um you know uh California. And so there might be something specific look look look look look look look look look look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from from from from from from from from from from our um well I mean uh like well um uh you know villains podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like uh okay I mean I mean uh end of the 1920s. He He He He He He He He He He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside you know you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well so you know okay and outside the criminal underworld to hear more episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify you know so you know like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um I mean or wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the the the the the the the the the the Hudson River North so okay I mean you know like so I mean okay so of of of of of of of of of of New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh well um um um uh you know in April 1921. The criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know okay um okay so so them were there for Life others others others others others others others others others others for death by that time. The electric the electric the electric the electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric electric the electric the electric the electric the electric the electric the electric chair you know well well well well well well well well well well you know you know uh uh you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh you know um uh um like um right here. Welcome to to to to to to to to to to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know I mean so um you know I mean so stories that people would like to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about with your view to give lessons that okay uh like like so um um um um um um um um um um uh like well they learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining but more I mean you know um um um you know well I mean so so so so so so so so so so importantly meaningful given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today today today today today today today today today today. Now okay like um I mean okay you know I mean I mean I mean in this this this this this this this this this this episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not I'm not not not not not not not not not not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not going well like uh I mean like I mean um uh um to to to to to to to to to to say exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with with with with with with with with with with the weather uh um well so um I mean okay uh I mean. Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows knows lord knows lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know know know know know know know know know know the storm hit and you know well um you know well like um you you you you you you you you you you know so stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am I am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am not used to this you know uh uh so uh so um I mean okay. How'd How'd How'd How'd How'd How'd How'd How'd How'd How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's well let's well let's well let's well let's well let's well let's well let's well well well well well well well well well well let's well let's well I mean you know um so I mean like you you you you you you you you you you know like not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's been in in in in in in in in in in the making for I mean like um okay you know like so well well well well well well well well well well I mean God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the the the the the the the the the the so you know well so okay like um okay uh world of True Crime letting you you you you you you you you you you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious like well like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like okay so subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We're exploring the most uh well I mean uh like I mean okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected we've collected we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected short short short short short short short short short short so well so I mean okay well like so I mean clips from some of our our our our our our our our our our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas so you know you know know know know know know know know know know so like well well uh so. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected interconnected the True Crime world really um uh okay okay well well so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to um well uh well like I mean uh like you know podcasts a a a a a a a a a a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today okay you know know know know know know know know know know so you know um uh uh um well. We're discussing we're discussing we're discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of of of of of of of of of of Richard and John which okay well um I mean like okay so you know know know know know know know know know know uh is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what now what now what what what what what what what what what what now what now what now what now what now what now what now what what what what what what what what what what needs to be understood about a like I mean okay you know okay okay well well well well well well well well well well um so medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things were were were were were were were were were were very different in regards like okay uh um you know um um you know um um um um um um um um um um to how people lived. So most people in England lived and worked on on on on on on on on on on the land in the so so uh you know you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like Middle Ages, and unless you were rich life was at actually a pretty big big big big big big big big big big struggle Ordinary well um like um uh um okay I mean okay People did did did did did did did did did did face a constant struggle to survive and live tended to be very short like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh uh you know okay like you know for so for those people within a a a a a a a a a a medieval village, you're looking at a life like so well um uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh so so expectancy as low as 25 and if you're lucky as high as as as as as as as as as as 40 So so uh you know um well I mean uh okay okay a medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn Brawn and like so okay okay so um uh you know well brains. So this week week week week week week week week week week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach so um well like I I I I I I I I I I mean like so you know well like up, but you may know him as the the the the the the the the the the Nittany Lion so I actually knew okay I mean um uh uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed revealed revealed revealed revealed revealed revealed revealed revealed revealed himself as the uh uh um like so well well well like Nittany Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of um I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know um so I mean okay uh said that the The The The The The The The The The The line was actually in our major. So I had a I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean so well well you know so little heads-up who is going to be be be be be be be be be be but not really a lot of people have uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like like well um so had classes Zach and I were new so that that that that that that that that that that was kind of cool a you know you know so uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like Penn State. It's kept it's kept it's kept it's kept it's kept kept kept kept kept kept kept kept kept kept it's kept it's kept it's kept it's kept it's kept secret till their senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior senior year who our mascot is and a um well you know uh okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know well so few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's so that's so that's kind well so uh so okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh of cool. You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah um um um um um um um um um um yeah um yeah um yeah um yeah um yeah um yeah um yeah um um um um um um um um um um yeah um yeah um you know uh you know um you know so so so so so so so so so so so um. So, my name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in in in in in in in in in in having the um like you know well like well so um uh massively massively massively massively massively massively massively massively massively massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well so well you know like so you know but of of of of of of of of of of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh um well okay I mean Blues. It's all be in America about about about about about about about about about about a cat America and this week. I'm you know, um uh well like you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean so so if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go go go go go go go go go go on to talk about okay so you know you know well like like you you you you you you you you you you know um that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch and we've got got got got got got got got got got uh uh so I mean so okay um you know you know quite a a a a a a a a a a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always always always always always always always always always always do um so okay I mean okay so like I mean so talking about about about about about about about about about about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice so well uh so uh well you know like I mean and that's really all the the the the the the the the the the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your your your your your your your your your your well um well so uh I mean uh like well host and each each each each each each each each each each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you um so I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean like okay uh need to raise that Vibe become become become become become become become become become become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream okay um well you know um so so so so so so so so so so like I mean uh life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so I so I want to fill you in on so uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay well so you know one of my key marketing strategies that has has has has has has has has has has worked really effectively over the past year you know um uh well um so so so so so so so so so so like okay uh. And that is using this podcast as a platform to to to to to to to to to to share my message to connect with well okay well uh okay well so like well well well well well well well well well well more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into my space a a a a a a a a a a podcast I mean I mean so I mean uh so so I mean so is an an an an an an an an an an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your heart Market yourself create your like um um um um um um um um um um well so okay well I mean like okay brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, goodies, goodies, goodies, goodies, goodies, goodies, goodies, goodies, goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that that that that that that that that that that feeling my name. Is he talking okay okay well so uh like well I I I I I I I I I I mean so chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the the the the the the the the the the mood so so um well um um um okay uh about to analyze the first first first first first first first first first first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo like well well well well well well well well well well so so I mean um well um like. And in that case the on on on on on on on on on on these sticks his hand into the house okay so uh so uh like like like like like like like like like like so okay um and either places something into the hand of the ball by by by by by by by by by by it or take something like I mean you know you know okay okay I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know out of his open hand and brings it out and and and and and and and and and and then D is high up. Now so well so uh so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira Kira Kira Kira Kira Kira Kira Kira Kira Kira um uh like I mean so um okay uh you know want to come here here here here here here here here here here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay so like like like the notion of carrying something involves really three acts acts acts acts acts acts acts acts acts acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting okay you know like okay well well well well well well well well well well uh so so okay which means to pick something up from a place of rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest then to is traversing so um I mean well so I mean well well uh which which which which which which which which which which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or in in in in in in in in in in well like you know you know well so like you know like Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori Dori Dori Dori Dori Dori Dori Dori Dori Dori. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, and I'm Joe you know like you know uh so so so so so so so so so so um like okay um and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, so okay, so okay, so so, um, I just you know well well so you you you you you you you you you you know like uh um you know talked a little bit about myself. I am am am am am am am am am am a massage therapist. And I work uh uh okay well okay you know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean well on different type of client So based off of a a a a a a a a a a studio in Westford, and like okay like like uh I mean uh uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I just hope people feel better and just be able to move move move move move move move move move move and have like well um okay uh I mean like so I mean more energy. So So So So So So So So So So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how how how how how how how how how how this like you know okay I mean well like um okay okay podcast comes to to to to to to to to to to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I um um okay uh like like like like like like like like like like well uh um you know knew that I needed to get on audio. So So So So So So So So So So I asked a buddy of you know um okay like you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean well so mine who's a podcast producer. How do how do how do how do do do do do do do do do do how do how do how do how do how do how do I do do do do do do do do do do this? And he and he and he and he and he and he and he and and and and and and and and and and he and he and he um you know I mean like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know just told me anchor use anchor because it's the easiest way you can can can can can can can can can can get a podcast um okay well I mean okay so you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh on the Internet. It's also free. You can edit record your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from okay like so well you know I mean I mean um um your your your your your your your your your your phone or your computer and all in one place anchor will drop so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay like okay you know you know Distribute that podcast for you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts um well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean like I mean um and many more you can can can can can can can can can can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter um okay so um so so so so so so so so so so you know like like you know how small you are. You can make money money money money money money money money money money from your podcast. It's everything you need uh so okay well okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh to make a podcast all in one place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um um so like okay um like are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I uh you know um uh I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay well like like these episodes because we don't really go through through through through through through through through through through the chronological career of the okay well um um I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you know well um competitor or the coach that we interview in this case. We We We We We We We We We We interviewed. And since I mean I mean you know um so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um it was the second time we had him on we'd already covered his his his his his his his his his his um uh okay so so so uh um okay career. And so I got to to to to to to to to to to talk about a lot of things on this so so uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um um I mean show and I had I'd get to hear a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of Yanni's Insight on a uh well uh like um uh you know like um um um um um um um um um um lot of different things and we kind of went through a couple topics one was was was was was was was was was was you know uh I mean I mean you know okay like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay his little brother Greg just want his fifth State title High School in in in in in in in in in in New York. And well so so you know um so you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so we talked a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all all all all all all all all all all at all at all at all at all at all at all at all all all all all all all all all all at all at all my like well um so okay I mean you know um I I I I I I I I I I mean mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come come come come come come come come come come into I mean like okay so well uh like you know okay my bathroom while while while while while while while while while while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know you know so um well I mean Gap with me. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of like like well like like like like like like like like like like uh like uh like um I mean boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to to to to to to to to to to talk to me about sex like at okay so okay you know like like like like like like like like like like uh uh you know I mean all costs, right and instead I would be be be be be be be be be be like, maybe pick a setting where um like like I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay like like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh and there's I mean you know so like you know so uh like um um um um um um um um um um like a mirror right across from my back to our it was like a a a a a a a a a a glass you know so uh I mean like okay okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more more more more more more more more more more right? No um okay I mean I mean you know uh okay uh like. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught I've caught I've caught caught caught caught caught caught caught caught caught caught I've caught I've caught I've caught I've caught I've caught I've caught I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome to the be more with all the the the the the the the the the the report cast. Thank you know okay like I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know okay like well you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I I I I I I I I I I promise well like like um you know like um you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well so I mean I mean well well okay visiting for my health health health health health health health health health health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things so you know I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like uh you know you know like in order for the the the the the the the the the the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, um like like like like like like like like like like well okay so so well okay so doing things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's this whole part of it that well I mean I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know well uh I mean I mean says, you know, you have to collaborate and and and and and and and and and and do all those great things. But there's so um like so um um so so so so so so so so so so um so also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, well well uh so like well um like I mean but me how far far far far far far far far far far now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just so okay uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like so okay going to flow today and we just hope that that that that that that that that that that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was an unspeakable crime a young married married married married married married married married married married couple and their four year old daughter so so well well well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know found brutally murdered in their home. And as if if if if if if if if if if it couldn't get any worse, no one I mean you know uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um so you know knows who did it. If you you you you you you you you you you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick like you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um so um of murders and want to hear more like like like like like like like like like like it check out our series unsolved murders every like uh uh like well um like so so so so so so so so so so uh Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some some some some some some some some some some of history's so you know you know like um I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to uh I mean so you know so you know like so well podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this like like like like like like like like like like like like okay like well you know um well episode includes dramatizations and discussions of of of of of of of of of of murder and assault including the violent homicide of a young okay like you know know know know know know know know know know so okay uh I mean well well girl that some people may find find find find find find find find find find offensive. We advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is um uh you know okay okay well you know like um the podcast. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht um uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh you know well um and naht Edge. This month's episode is a a a a a a a a a a technology special in which we asked you know um I mean um I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so um okay whether technology can support learning or if it's simply an an an an an an an an an an enormous distraction. We consider well okay you know well well uh I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean what the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this this this this this this this this this this Gus you know you know well well okay well um um well whether or not mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content I mean you know well like like like like like like like like like like uh well so you know um and revealing insights in conversation with James Bowen Bowen Bowen Bowen Bowen Bowen Bowen Bowen Bowen Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy okay um um like okay uh well so so so so so so so so so so so Christodoulou. Daisy will be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's a former teacher well uh okay well I mean so okay uh so and the author author author author author author author author author author of a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director like like um I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean uh you know um of education at no no no no no no no no no no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about about about about about about about about about about the like well okay uh like so I mean um so fucking word genus genus genus genus genus genus genus genus genus genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is about I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean okay so like uh um uh today. So I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology and the um uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean like I mean you know well okay most profane way you've ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe D. Thanks for you know okay um um um um um um um um um um so you know well so like like listening this season. We're going through AP Biology Biology Biology Biology Biology Biology Biology Biology Biology Biology one chapter at a time this week like uh okay like you know I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um uh. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News Daily. We We We We We We We We We We okay you know uh so well I mean you know okay you know haven't gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a for okay well I I I I I I I I I I mean like so I mean uh uh well the 90 days, but we know know know know know know know know know know that she has a plastic anemia that her I mean uh um well well well well well well well well well well well I mean well um okay girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that that that that that that that that that that her family is unaware so I mean so you know uh well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that that that that that that that that that that she sells um okay um I mean you know so like uh um naked photos photos photos photos photos photos photos photos photos photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she um well okay um um um um um um um um um um so like like okay you know has content. That's a bit risque. It seems it seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it it it it it it it it it it seems some people may have found this out um um well uh so well okay like so so so so so so so so so so though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states states states states states states states states states states that well so well um well um so so you know she is not ashamed of this this this this this this this this this this content and that having the patron has financed her you know okay well okay um um um um um um um um um um well like so so documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also also also also also also also also also also helped her income uh um so well you know uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer a content okay like um like like like like okay well creator a dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I okay like like like like like like like like like like uh like uh you know uh uh like want. I am not definable good for you girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl. A woman should be allowed to do like uh like um well so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So So So So So So So So So So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's uh so you know you know well you know you know you know you know that guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy next to him? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick okay like okay well okay well well well well and Mark. I am your your your your your your your your your your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so you know like okay okay today we have a very special guest Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host okay okay you know okay you know like like so so so so so so so so so so uh. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, so Mark, so Mark, so Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, so Mark, so Mark, so Mark, so Mark, so Mark, so Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler Tyler and college so how'd you okay well I mean um so like okay you you you you you you you you you you know I mean guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we we we we we we we we we we I barely okay um uh so so you know um uh so showed the chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it uh um you you you you you you you you you you know uh um um so well um was there be but it was there. We We We We We We We We We We took the we just say major like um okay uh so well so um um um um um um um um um um um so we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by each other other other other other other other other other other and I mean you know I mean okay like so like so so so so so so so so so so um this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this and this and this and this this this this this this this this this this and this and this and this and this and this and this is the the the the the the the the the the dirt Confessions of a tree planter so okay I mean so so uh um like so art art art art art art art art art art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of well so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean um so I mean well so her illustration series follow the the the the the the the the the the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a reforestation you know um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well you know I mean well uh practice in the Civic culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who spend you know like um like like like like like like like like like like well you know uh well um much of their lives replenishing the logged logged logged logged logged logged logged logged logged logged area with New Forest. However tree planting so I mean so you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean well like so is so much more than the physical physical physical physical physical physical physical physical physical physical act of planting thousands of seedlings in the ground you know well I mean you you you you you you you you you you know um uh so so okay day after day as a Job, it is is is is is is is is is is about the connections experiences bonds and so well I mean well uh well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light on on on on on on on on on on uh uh well okay okay okay like uh well the culture that is mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel in okay I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean so um well the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all all all all all all all all all all things tree planting uh okay like you know you know well you know um you you you you you you you you you you know as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn. So wherever so wherever so wherever so wherever so wherever so wherever so wherever so so so so so so so so so so wherever so wherever so wherever you're coming um okay um you know I mean so um um um um um um um um um um like like from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in okay like I mean like okay I mean like uh like like like like like like like like like like today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not drop ship now like like like like like like like like like like uh so so like you know okay like so when you're doing research and and and and and and and and and and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build a new well okay well so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay you know you know I mean store or launch a new new new new new new new new new new product line. There are three different levels of where you know I mean like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like like I mean you want to research to make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure you're choosing the right products. Now, the first level is so um okay okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay so the niche level. That's the that's the that's the that's the that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the highest one, right? What What What What What What What What What What type what type what type what type what type what type what type what type type type type type type type type type type what type what type of products do you want uh uh okay okay like like like like like like like like like like uh okay so um to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to to to to to to to to to to move to the um well um well um uh you know like um supplier level level level level level level level level level level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually want to to to to to to to to to to uh like like um um so so uh like work with if if if if if if if if if if you want to make money doing this and then finally the deepest like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um okay you know okay uh I mean level is the product product product product product product product product product product level. So what I'm going to share with you in um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so okay um this podcast is what to look for at all three levels levels levels levels levels levels levels levels levels levels to make okay uh I mean so like so uh um okay sure you're not not not not not not not not not not wasting your time. If you decide to build one of you know like like like like like like like like like like you know okay uh well I mean well like these stores and actually build build build build build build build build build build a real business now before we get into it, I you know you know so you you you you you you you you you you know uh um so you know I mean should let you know that if this this this this this this this this this this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes that makes that makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes that makes that makes that makes that makes that makes that makes that makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes makes it simple for you so well so you know you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like like to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce results results results results results results results results results results so you know um you know like okay well like well from the inside out. Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our workout our workout our workout our workout our workout our workout workout workout workout workout workout workout workout workout workout our workout our workout our workout our workout is backed by science and proven to burn burn burn burn burn burn burn burn burn burn well I mean um you know okay uh like um uh more calories calories calories calories calories calories calories calories calories calories post-workout Track by technology. So you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you can monitor your results in real real real real real real real real real real time. Each workout okay um okay uh um um like uh well is inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain or um well well well well well well well well well well well like um um uh well you know under train. So what are you currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently doing to get more life out of okay uh uh okay uh um so so so so so so so so so so so so your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with. All you you you you you you you you you you know like uh well okay you know you know I mean you know right. So, So, So, So, So, So, So, So, So, So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages passages passages passages passages passages passages passages passages passages you know so like like I mean okay okay like okay to help you you you you you you you you you you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've uh well um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean uh okay like um had trouble falling asleep asleep asleep asleep asleep asleep asleep asleep asleep asleep and I found that over the years when I uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so uh um well well listen to the word of God. I'm able to to to to to to to to to to settle down. And find okay like you know okay so um well I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean peace and fully rest And so as you listen to night focusing on the the the the the the the the the the word okay I mean okay uh you know like so uh I mean of God God God God God God God God God God. Let It Be an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this you know know know know know know know know know know I mean um I mean I mean you know like I mean okay. Hey, you you you you you you you you you you hey, you hey, you hey, you hey, you hey, you hey, you hey, you you you you you you you you you you hey, you hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you you you you you you you you you you text you know like so well um I mean like okay like K out out out out out out out out out out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay uh so so well Crazy Light it on fire watch it there and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're reclaiming crazy during a manic I mean okay um like I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh. I was like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who who who who who who who who who who came up with this you know so so so okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you know well um list given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I I I I I I I I I I sit on this couch you know okay you know I mean um um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I but I but I I I I I I I I I I but I but I but I but I but I but I but I I I I I I I I I I love friends well um you know I mean well um you know you you you you you you you you you you know okay. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming soon everybody like okay well I mean um you know well like um. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing failing failing failing failing failing failing failing failing failing uh I mean uh um okay so I mean um well Villa dough and we have have have have have have have have have have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself well uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well you know you know know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy spicy uh so so you know you know like so you know um hot take. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it well, it well, it well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, it well, it well, it well, it well, it well, it well, it it it it it it it it it it has to start with uh like okay like I mean um okay well um um um um um um um um um um the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know okay like okay so you know so know soups. Given Given Given Given Given Given Given Given Given Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw circuit um well you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean okay you know like so. My name my name my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name my name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of of of of of of of of of of our guests like like uh so so um uh I mean like. Shravan. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your boy like okay well like like like like like like like like like like so I mean um okay like. I would like to apologize to anyone that that that that that that that that that that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, so yes, so yes, so yes, so yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, so yes, so yes, so yes, so yes, so yes, so okay you know you know I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like like I mean like we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum Alum Alum Alum Alum Alum Alum Alum Alum Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars 11 uh uh I mean so you know you you you you you you you you you you know um okay okay board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did I did I did I did I did I did I did I I I I I I I I I I did I did I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes or no. Did you ever I mean okay so you know okay uh you you you you you you you you you you know um like take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had I I I I I I I I I I had I had I had I had I had I had I had I I I I I I I I I I had I had no prior um uh well okay well uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for for for for for for for for for for my irresponsible so well um so so I mean you know um like and and and and and and and and and and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the oops the the the the the the the the the the oops the oops the oops the oops the oops the oops the oops oops oops oops oops oops oops oops oops oops the oops the podcast uh like uh like okay well um well well we we we we we we we we we we are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so okay I mean you know uh well I mean a special guest today today today today today today today today today today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done I done I done I done I done done done done done done done done done done I done I done I done I done I done special guests have have have have have have have have have have started 40 you know you know so okay well okay okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh minutes ago, but I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my my my my my my my my my my director my so well I mean so so well okay uh you know I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean I mean uh okay so uh okay but to be fair when when when when when when when when when when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I uh uh you know like like like like like like like like like like okay like I mean um like walked in and he told me on the spot that that that that that that that that that that it was going to be you know okay like I mean like um you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look I look look look look look look look look look look I look I look I look I look I look I look I I I I I I I I I I look I look like shit Mike. You have to uh like I mean like like like like like like like like like like um I mean I mean you know I mean let people fucking know you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're going to be on fucking camera. I let I let I let I let let let let let let let let let let I let I let I let I let I let I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here um well well well well well well well well well well okay well like okay so so um with your day. My husband my friend and and and and and and and and and and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot uh okay so okay I mean uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um summer. That's 60. We are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are in the really in the final final final final final final final final final final stretch. It's hard to believe um you know okay okay um well well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh and it's very exciting. I want I want I want I want I want want want want want want want want want want I want I want I want I want I want to notify you all again again again again again again again again again again about our CM our virtual you know uh uh so okay so you know know know know know know know know know know uh okay CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 am like well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know you know uh uh so like. Eastern standard time and 5 pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm. Israel time and wherever you live in the like um well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay I mean so world, you can associate you know the time that your your your your your your your your your your clock with that with those like well well well okay so you know know know know know know know know know know um well hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? one one one one one one one one one If so, we're uh you know like so I mean so so okay like like like like like like like like like like excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that you you you you you you you you you you know well so I mean okay so you know okay okay successful entrepreneurs are are are are are are are are are are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / okay uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh you know you know so create to access your free guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg you know uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh so well well. Forward slash create. Well, the only other thing I I I I I I I I I I was wondering about is and like I mean I mean well well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so I think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not not not not not not not not not not as unconditional I mean you know you know uh like so okay well like like like like like like like like like like as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes like um um um um um um um um um um like like I mean okay so okay I mean by other people if there's some some some some some some some some some some negativity and affects me and I dip and so I mean um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know I mean well you know say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay uh I mean you know like well. We're here with Usual Usual Usual Usual Usual Usual Usual Usual Usual Usual Suspects. We also we also we also we also we also we also we we we we we we we we we we also we also we also we also got Dennis the founder operator and and and and and and and and and and super gangster from uh okay you know so well uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing today man. Doing uh doing uh doing uh doing uh doing uh doing uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh doing uh doing uh doing uh doing uh I mean okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know so great man. Yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if yeah if you excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited this year, it's like a first thing right for yeah so you know okay I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like you know okay I mean. I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I like you you you you you you you you you you so well so okay so like so um I mean guys so fuck it. Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, don't um okay okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like you know uh worry about it. Nobody listens nobody listens nobody listens listens listens listens listens listens listens listens listens listens nobody listens nobody listens nobody listens nobody listens nobody listens nobody listens nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got like real uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay uh so okay uh faithful follower and I feel bad every time we we we we we we we we we we put something out because I I mean okay I mean uh like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space space space space space space space space space space docks like okay so so okay I mean like I mean I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering all I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know um okay you know so like well the latest space space space space space space space space space space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies or discoveries that anyone okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay I mean um okay uh you know um interested in the field may want want want want want want want want want want to know about right from the Apollo mission to um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh you know so you know you know the first image of of of of of of of of of of the black hole to the latest news on Starship to I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so uh well so so you know the Artemis program to take us us us us us us us us us us back to the moon. So if like um um well like like you know so so so so so so so so so so okay like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all all all all all all all all all all that you know okay okay um okay I mean like I mean um um um um um um um um um um is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for for for for for for for for for for um like I mean I mean like you know um okay you know adult consumption consumption consumption consumption consumption consumption consumption consumption consumption consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion therefore discretion therefore discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion therefore discretion therefore discretion therefore discretion therefore discretion therefore discretion therefore discretion therefore discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion okay uh um um I mean um so okay well is advised Takashi Takashi Takashi Takashi Takashi Takashi Takashi Takashi Takashi Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital like so I mean like like like like like like like like like like so well um so uh. According to TMZ. All I saw was the the the the the the the the the the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in okay like okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well so I mean um well the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and and and and and and and and and and beat up a little bit well you know okay I mean okay well um um um um um um um um um um uh um to you know, I definitely brought it back down a human human human human human human human human human human level. And I and I and I and I and I and I and and and and and and and and and and I and I and I and I started talking well I mean uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so okay so to God. I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like like like like like like like like like like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like you you you you you you you you you you don't only when I could get me out of this. Welcome um welcome um um um um um um um um um um welcome um welcome um welcome um welcome um welcome um welcome um welcome um welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome um you know so well okay okay I mean uh like to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story story story story story story story story story story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series this series this series series series series series series series series series series this series this series this series this series this series this series this series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a a a a a a a a a a you know you know like like uh so um okay okay hero to fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party you know so you you you you you you you you you you know like well well like okay um the podcast that explores the story's characters characters characters characters characters characters characters characters characters characters and universes behind some of our favorite video games you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know okay well okay you know. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my my my my my my my my my my name is Leo. And today we're exploring two Paths uh so well I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean so you know of One Life. This episode is going going going going going going going going going going to have Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And um so uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like like um so so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you you you you you you you you you you make it this far well uh well so so well I mean so so so so so so so so so so you know into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're uh you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well uh like well well you know here. I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is okay you you you you you you you you you you know okay well uh well like okay uh part 2 of the the the the the the the the the the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean so well well uh like uh one. So this episode focuses focuses focuses focuses focuses focuses focuses focuses focuses focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are some you know so so you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean you know okay I mean nuggets up in here. I I I I I I I I I I can't wait for you guys to hear it. If like if like if like if if if if if if if if if if like if like if like if like if like if like if like like like like like like like like like like like uh well like you know I mean like you know this is the first one one one one one one one one one one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back and okay uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well like okay I mean listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative imperative imperative imperative imperative imperative imperative imperative imperative imperative. But I do think that all um okay um like well I mean okay okay so so so so so so so so so so of the information in part to her story all her tips the way way way way way way way way way way uh you know uh um okay you know I mean okay so that she parents it's all all all all all all all all all all like so much more interesting and almost more you know I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well uh well okay so you know like valuable when you know where she came from from from from from from from from from from part 1 is all um okay well well so so I mean um so about about about about about about about about about about her life as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic Dynamic Dynamic Dynamic Dynamic Dynamic Dynamic Dynamic Dynamic Dynamic her uh like okay like I mean you know okay okay like as a young young young young young young young young young young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a you're a you're a you're a a a a a a a a a a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a you're a morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning and night. Do you do you do you do you do you do you do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you brushing show you know okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so okay like like start brushing on the top of your mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth on one side and brush the okay you know like you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well you know okay um inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week week week week week week week week week week and every day we're okay uh well okay like you know well uh so so so so so so so so so so talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like uh you know I mean you know of sisters who who who who who who who who who who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung truck so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well um so um okay um and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters sisters were born in a so um uh okay you know like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have have have have have have have have have have them okay so like like so like so like well trained in martial arts arts arts arts arts arts arts arts arts arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can um um um um um um um um um um so like uh well I mean okay okay okay be a long thing, you you you you you you you you you you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey um uh well okay like like like like like like like like like like so um well well guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your your your your your your your your your your girl Gigi and hello. We're um like well like so you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well like joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re re re re re re re re re re free you know okay well like you know you know I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know. Rio well rio well rio well rio well rio well rio well rio well rio rio rio rio rio rio rio rio rio rio well rio well rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your your your your your your your your your your day tiring uh well uh uh I mean well um okay okay long long long long long long long long long long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that like so so so so so so so so so so so you know okay so uh um like now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So So So So So So So So So So guys so guys so guys so guys so guys so guys so guys so so so so so so so so so so guys so guys so guys as you know, our Tagalog word uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like okay like like like like of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are um um um um um um um um um um you know well um so you know you know okay like so nasty. They are are are are are are are are are are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of the um um um um um um um um um um um you know uh I mean well um I mean um Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand the Caps are still in first place due to the I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh um you know like like tiebreak, which is crazy to me that that that that that that that that that that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that would like okay well like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so like make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care care care care care care care care care care if technically you know well um I mean uh um okay uh uh they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're not in first. All I all I all I all I all I all I all all all all all all all all all all I all I all I all I care about is when you you you you you you you you you you look at the points it um um you know well like like um so um is tied. This This This This This This This This This This very moment and just the fact that that is the situation um you know know know know know know know know know know well uh uh like I mean you know okay we are discussing right now now now now now now now now now now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers well well well well you you you you you you you you you you know okay well I mean um beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one one one one one one one one one one on a second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and well well well well well well well well well well uh okay okay well uh so so so the topic of today's video is is is is is is is is is is going to be going with the flow you know okay you know well you know know know know know know know know know know um uh I mean so and I got an email here from a client of mine mine mine mine mine mine mine mine mine mine that I've been coaching um I mean okay so like like uh well well for for for for for for for for for for is probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I I I I I I I I I I guess I mean so I mean okay well like like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. I've been coaching him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so um well uh uh okay so and he's got a couple of of of of of of of of of of situations that he's asking me about so he basically uh I mean so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well like uh he meets his All at a concert and I I I I I I I I I I guess his group and her group you know um okay uh um like um well well well well well well well well well well like of friends kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that that that that that that that that that that um like I mean you know okay like well so I mean she told him to to to to to to to to to to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a okay so so so so so so so so so so like okay well so uh like like podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um uh uh well like so um Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel I I I I I I I I I I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel I feel in here and Martin. Hey, I mean I mean um so like I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know okay what's up, and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard Bernard Bernard Bernard Bernard Bernard Bernard Bernard Bernard Bernard in I everything so uh like like like uh like I mean uh about about about about about about about about about about what I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? so so so so so so so so so so uh okay um so so uh you know uh What's a draugr my I love love love love love love love love love love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going well uh so you you you you you you you you you you know okay so so um I mean in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today today today today today today today today today today lot of stuff to I mean so um I mean like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to to to to to to to to to to get to so uh okay okay uh you know you know okay like First. The NHL NHL NHL NHL NHL NHL NHL NHL NHL NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics and they're you you you you you you you you you you know well um like um well uh okay well going to be testing out during during during during during during during during during during the playoffs. This is the first time they're going to uh okay um you know know know know know know know know know know um well like uh okay throw it in used at least that we know know know know know know know know know know of so read a you know I mean you know uh so uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh little article about this AQ and we were just just just just just just just just just just talking about this before we okay um um okay uh I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games during during during during during during during during during during the regular so I mean I mean uh I mean um uh you know um season season season season season season season season season season without telling the teams or players that they were using it. They've given it it it it it it it it it it um okay so um like well um well like to a few of the Superstar Superstar Superstar Superstar Superstar Superstar Superstar Superstar Superstar Superstar players throughout the league the practice with the okay well well um you know like like like like like like like like like like I mean well so see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just I just I just I just I just I just just just just just just just just just just I just I just I just I just wanted to take one second second second second second second second second second second to tell you guys about anchor which you know uh uh okay uh so so so so so so so so so so okay um um is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about uh so okay I mean okay you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free free free free free free free free free free well like like uh okay so well okay well. There's creation tools that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from um I mean um um um um um um um um um um so so well so okay well your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you so okay uh uh you know so you know so um um um um um um um um um um can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money money money money money money money money money money okay I mean um like like uh um okay um from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make well you know okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean like well a podcast in one place. So download the free free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to I mean um I mean uh um um I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, welcome to another episode of well I mean um like so like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as as as as as as as as as as always. It's your it's your it's your it's your it's your it's your it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's your it's your it's your it's your host uh okay okay you know like like like like like like like like like like um so I mean like Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I I I I I I I I I I just sounded like Heidi like so I mean so so um like you know okay I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past past past past past past past past past past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form form form form form form form form form form of a well um so well you know okay you know well okay podcast, I I I I I I I I I I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using so you know okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean um uh I mean uh anchor I'm able to share this show show show show show show show show show show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything okay uh so um so well well well well well well well well well well okay okay I mean you need in one place and you can produce the show right right right right right right right right right right from your well I mean uh you know uh I mean you know so I I I I I I I I I I mean phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so you know you know I mean um uh okay the app app app app app app app app app app to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even well well well well well well well well well well like uh you know um I mean uh um I mean distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know uh like you know well uh you know that includes Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money well okay um um I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know uh okay from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. So download the anchor app or so so um um uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean okay so like okay so me explain. First of of of of of of of of of of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money up front you know you you you you you you you you you you know like like so well um you know uh for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's a pretty big deal. There are creation tools so okay well I mean okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer um well um uh like well okay so you know. You have have have have have have have have have have to go out and spend a lot of money buying software paying for recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording um like well you know uh well uh you know you know equipment anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify like well like you know know know know know know know know know know I mean so well um uh Apple podcast and many more and the best part you you you you you you you you you you can make money from your uh so uh I mean like um so so so so so so so so so so like well podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast in you know so okay well you know okay you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh one place doubled the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get uh like uh you know know know know know know know know know know you know uh uh um well started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza and and and and and and and and and and the Garza Law Firm. Find I mean you know um uh okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, lawyer, lawyer, lawyer, lawyer, lawyer, lawyer, lawyer, lawyer, lawyer, you know well you know uh like um you know uh um if if if if if if if if if if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to to to to to to to to to to like uh okay I mean okay you know you know I mean like the Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode of dishes okay like like like like like like like like like like I mean so well you know okay okay you know and dimes were were were were were were were were were were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts today I mean um um um um um um um um um um well okay um you know like like uh. You have got Sarah, that's me and and and and and and and and and and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month ever okay well so well okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight sunlight sunlight sunlight sunlight sunlight sunlight sunlight sunlight sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about all all all all all all all all all all so I mean you know um so uh uh like uh that Jesus began to do do do do do do do do do do and to teach until the day he was so so um like um I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like like taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Spirit to the apostles. He I mean so okay I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um okay you know so had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and and and and and and and and and and gave many convincing proofs that you know like okay um uh like I mean like like like like like like like like like like you know he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days days days days days days days days days days and like okay you know I mean okay well you know so I mean spoke about about about about about about about about about about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay I okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I okay I mean okay I mean uh uh you know okay so wanted to to to to to to to to to to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible well well well well well well well well well well um you know so like um you know well um to start your very very very very very very very very very very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having um okay you you you you you you you you you you know well you know uh like well like a service to host and and and and and and and and and and distribute the show as well as software to I mean so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um like well record each episode for the longest time. I I I I I I I I I I actually paid money to host the packet okay okay so like uh uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different different different different different different different different different different software you know so like okay um well um like okay as I tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to uh so so so so so so so so so so uh um uh um you know well uh record host and Ribbit our podcast for for for for for for for for for for free either from my computer tablet or cell like um so uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh uh phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to to to to to to to to to to make money with no I mean well well um okay uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious serious okay um uh okay I mean you know okay I mean like about using using using using using using using using using using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f well uh uh well like so um um um um um um um um um um I mean so m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you and and and and and and and and and and you and you and you and you and you and you and you you you you you you you you you you and you and you ready to hear um so I mean okay like well so so so so so so so so so so well like from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have have have have have have have have have have called before you know you know uh you know well like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I I I I I I I I I I well I mean so um like so well so I mean looked up to for for for for for for for for for for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself um you know know know know know know know know know know uh well well so well like so on the field but also off the field field field field field field field field field field as well. So without further Ado, so well I mean okay well like you you you you you you you you you you know um like here's my conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling darling darling darling darling darling darling darling darling darling let's I mean so um so uh um um I mean well go. Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please Please enjoy. Just what I needed just what I needed. How are you know so so so so so so so so so so uh you know like so so I mean you know you my brother? That's all all all all all all all all all all how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you you you you you you you you you you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you know so so so so so so so so so so well like I mean you know uh uh I mean good. It's going on on on on on on on on on on. Yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, you know, same old same old. I I I I I I I I I I need to um okay like you know um like like okay you know start start start start start start start start start start this though with a bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay I mean well did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way way way way way way way way to make um so okay uh I mean you know okay um um um um um um um um um um so a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to to to to to to to to to to record and like I mean like um okay I mean okay well you know edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute the the the the the the the the the the podcast I mean you know I mean I mean you know like well well well well well well well well well well you know well for you. So you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you can be heard on on on on on on on on on on every platform such as Spotify and apple well well I mean um so I I I I I I I I I I mean um um like you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need need need need need need need need need need in one place download uh well um I mean like uh well well well well well well well well well well well okay the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get um um um um um um um um um um um like so you know so so like I mean started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my my my my my my my my my my so um you know I mean like you know so you know you you you you you you you you you you know friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name my name is Darren McGee you know like uh uh okay well uh so like like like like like like like like like like. Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of you you you you you you you you you you know okay um okay so so like uh um Iron Lion soap. He is a a a a a a a a a a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean I mean you know um okay Iron Lion soap. You You You You You You You You You You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap you know you know okay like like like like like like like like like like so I mean you know okay I mean and iron line soap.com they make Just a a a a a a a a a a beautiful array of natural soaps that I so um okay you know um so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well am so in love with and so grateful that I I I I I I I I I I made the connection with um okay um um you know I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so uh Avi, and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for for for for for for for for for for the you know you know um I mean um well you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the the the the the the the the the the first time we're I mean you know okay uh well uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going to to to to to to to to to to like so I mean like um okay uh well um talk to a real real real real real real real real real real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any Coughlin you know uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um okay so so. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think think think think think think think think think think you have like well like well I mean I mean okay well well it it it it it it it it it it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk you know know know know know know know know know know well uh so um uh okay you know you know to them. Well, actually my dad's death death death death death death death death death death so we can't call him. Oh, that's well I mean um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so like I mean probably could I you didn't you didn't learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn enough in acres of diamonds. If uh like well uh okay like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, well uh um well you know uh so I mean uh trust me trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk well like like like so well you know I mean um to your dad dad dad dad dad dad dad dad dad dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, okay you know know know know know know know know know know well uh I mean so um you know uh but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your I'm your host Simon Whistler you know you know I mean so well you know so so so so so so so so so so well like in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists lists lists lists lists lists lists lists lists lists um um well like you know I mean um well okay. These are these these these these these these these these these these are these are these are these are these are these are these are these are are are are are are are are are are these are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If If If If If If If If If If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you so I mean you know I mean uh like you you you you you you you you you you know you know well enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review review review review review review review review review review on Apple podcasts or Oye you know um so so okay so you know you you you you you you you you you you know um podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Twitter all uh um well so uh you know uh I mean uh of that that that that that that that that that that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to so so so so so so so so so so well you know um well I mean well uh you know me. Let me me me me me me me me me me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon well well well well well well well well well well so uh um you know you know you know uh like West Earlier, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking you know uh well um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean so um uh at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without without without without without without without without without without using drugs number 10, uh so um so uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know so okay the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you well so okay so um um like you know so that at at at at at at at at at at one point or another they have had some experience where they thought okay so you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean you know okay okay um they heard a sound when when when when when when when when when when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition well I mean I mean well so so so so so so so so so so okay um you know you know that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high high high high high high high high high high um well well you know uh like uh I mean so Central and your your your your your your your your your your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who were were were were were were were were were were like okay so so okay um um well well recently honored for earning earning earning earning earning earning earning earning earning earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at like so um um like like like like like like like like like like you know okay um uh the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out out out out out out out out out out of approximately four hundred and so you know well well so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above above above above above above above above above above today. We have a couple I mean well so like so I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for for for for for for for for for for being with us well uh okay you know okay I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your your your your your your your your your your name and the I mean uh I mean uh like like um like well well well well well well well well well well activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with like like like like like like like like like like okay uh I mean well I mean uh you know well mathletes boys lacrosse football football football football football football football football football football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with lots okay so uh um um um um um um um um um um so well um you know uh of music things pep band marching band jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both so both so both so both so both so both so both so both so both so both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus versus from gimlet. We're back with um um okay um uh well um you know I I I I I I I I I I mean an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the in the the the the the the the the the the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the the the the the the the the the the in the last you know like so uh well I mean you know well you you you you you you you you you you know few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and and and and and and and and and and up like well like you know I mean so you know well you know as as as as as as as as as as of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more okay well well well well well well well well well well well well um you know so well well than 3,000 dead. And this virus has has has has has has has has has has spread fast outside of China with more okay so okay I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know well than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel it here in the US uh well um like like okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um. Tonight the governor of Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first first first first first first first first first first known like I mean you know uh you know like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay coronavirus death in the US. The virus has killed at least nine people in in in in in in in in in in this I mean so so um well well well well well country. We just we just just just just just just just just just just we just we just we just we just we just we just we just just just just just just just just just just we just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now at um so so so so so so so so so so uh you know well you know okay uh like least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me okay um like I mean I mean okay like like okay explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from like like like like like like like like like like I mean so uh well I mean like so I mean your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So it can like well like okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay well be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make make make make make make money from so like okay you know well I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you know I mean your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast in well I mean uh um like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without without without without without without without without without without anchor. So so like you know uh um like you know like uh thank you you you you you you you you you you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor app or go I mean so like like like like like like like like like like um you know okay I mean like okay to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just just just just just just just just just just wanted to let you like like you know I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know well you know okay know for this one starts. It's not it's not not not not not not not not not not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not a full podcast night. We just have an interview well like um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so you know well with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all do a special special edition this uh I mean I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know well so well so week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to to to to to to to to to to the Star Wars well well um you know um okay I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or or or or or or or or or or evening you know uh so you know like you know I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come come come come come come come come come come for uh I mean like okay well okay you know uh um the Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name is Matt. And I Ka I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um um well I mean so okay I mean achar Jabba the the the the the the the the the the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the like so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh like you know you know Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam um um um um um um um um um um I mean so you know um um um okay um and I'm here with with with with with with with with with with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric I mean well I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh so well like I mean lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate separate separate separate separate separate separate separate separate separate states. We talk about pop culture okay okay uh like um you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Schneider you know so well you know you know uh well like I mean to to to to to to to to to to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both um so um like like like like like like like like like like so okay um you know um watch when we were younger and we're basically going to to to to to to to to to to be talking about okay you know so okay I mean uh like uh okay how how how how how how how how how how wacky is there's a lot of different elements to him in a lot okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so like well like so uh okay of different components that we have to get get get get get get get get get get into so there it's going to um like um uh well so like uh so start start start start start start start start start start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like I mean well okay so in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor it's the app you know uh like uh uh um okay you know you you you you you you you you you you know I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's you know okay okay I mean you know so um um so creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay well uh um well you know okay phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple well so I mean like um um um um um um um um um um like um okay uh and many more without having to do anything which is is is is is is is is is is great and you you know well like like you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um so can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also also also also also also also also also also great um uh you know so uh I mean uh uh okay man. You gotta grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean I mean I mean uh um you need to to to to to to to to to to do all one place and to download the app go uh so like so so so so so so so so so so you know um okay so I mean to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM online to get Started let's uh so so um okay so like you know um um um um um um um um um um get in the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome um so okay like well well well uh um to episode 2 of of of of of of of of of of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited to get into it it it it it it it it it it. The so I mean um like I mean I mean you know well like first first first first first first first first first first episode alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in so so so so so so so so so so so um so um like like uh um and checking it out and reviewing it it it it it it it it it it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I I I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then then then then then then then then then then topic of okay I mean like well I mean um you know uh like today's newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl goes psycho. So obviously I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've got you know okay okay okay um okay you know okay so two good friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who you have met and then Ashley, I mean like like like like like like like like like like you know uh well uh I mean uh okay Miss Ashley. Who is with us us us us us us us us us us the other day and we got a you know well I mean so okay so you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the video video video video video video video video video video well so well like um you know like I mean I mean that that that that that that that that that that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked well you know um so okay you know so so I mean about in in in in in in in in in in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully healthfully healthfully healthfully healthfully healthfully healthfully healthfully healthfully healthfully okay well um so um okay um I mean you know not not not not not not not not not not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out and Keen I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean well you know so uh um okay each other's cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode okay so so so so so so so so so so so uh like um well um you know of podcasts devoted to cube in in in in in in in in in in this season. We want to show you guys the you know okay um so so so so so so so so so so okay uh like like you know basics of the format and gradually over time time time time time time time time time time build you up to your well so uh um I mean like so um um um um um um um um um um um own Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design design design design design design design design design design and like I mean um like you know so I mean like well hopefully like say say say say say say say say say say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, you ooh, you ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, you ooh, you ooh, you ooh, you ooh, you ooh, you ooh, you ooh, you you you you you you you you you you know so so okay like well okay well like I'm John by Rupert Rupert Rupert Rupert Rupert Rupert Rupert Rupert Rupert Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming from you you you you you you you you you you know uh um uh like well okay so I mean the lovely island of Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? So essentially we like like like um so so so so so so so so so so like you know like you know are trying to give you a short rundown as this this this this this this this this this this for this first episode on I mean um okay okay okay like um okay like like like like like like like like like like what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have a thin crowd crowd crowd crowd crowd crowd crowd crowd crowd crowd tonight. It is right well okay uh okay so I mean like I I I I I I I I I I mean well now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender bartender bartender bartender bartender bartender bartender bartender bartender bartender uh well okay okay okay uh well you know you know Courtney Nance coming through through through through through through through through through through later today. But until she gets here it is just so so uh you know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean uh uh okay yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a a a a a a a a a a pretty we're back to the back to the well I mean uh um well so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean well roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say say say say say say say say say say I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd say I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back well um like like like like like like like like like like you know uh uh okay you know okay In Town. That's another good good good good good good good good good good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs are you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean okay so you know so who let the Dogs Out Out Out Out Out Out Out Out Out Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like okay well so um chosen to say it myself but but you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you you you you you you you you you you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you know so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well well so so as long as you're with me saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your you know you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay I mean well you know right to see random things. I I I I I I I I I I support I support I support I support I support I support I support I I I I I I I I I I support I support I support my right to party and you always you got like you you you you you you you you you you know well okay like I mean like so uh to fight for that right? Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure Sure. It's what it's what it's what it's what it's what it's what it's what it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's what it's what it's what I've always heard always said it um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so well uh I mean well to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree Bree and I um well I mean so I mean so uh well uh became became became became became became became became became became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long well well well well well well well well well well you know okay um like uh uh like so Beach Bree was actually taken taken taken taken taken taken taken taken taken taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational therapy school. She um um um um um um um um um um um okay like you know okay okay um like has recently been admitted and and and and and and and and and and we are so proud of her Bree also has a well like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean you know um I mean background in kinesiology, which is is is is is is is is is is what she studied for her undergraduate major and when you know so like so you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh well uh she was still studying that she also played played played played played played played played played played basketball NCAA Division II at Cal you know so uh well okay like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge about not uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you know so you know uh uh you know only how how how how how how how how how how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive dive into I mean uh okay so like so okay okay okay some of the ways in which which which which which which which which which which she's faced some really tough situations and she's had to okay you know so so so so so so so so so so okay so you know I mean well uh pull out that inner strength to keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep going in the face of some situations you know you know uh well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay like where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human human human human human human human human human human design like so uh well well so okay okay well and business for the the the the the the the the the the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and I mean like like like like like like like like like like okay so so uh I mean I mean you know energetic alignment business coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's so I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh you know so um um not working so that it starts starts starts starts starts starts starts starts starts starts to work for you through human design and Alignment okay uh like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like I mean um you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable undeniable magnetism impact and of course uh I mean like so uh you know like um um um um um um um um um um okay income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in like like like like like like like like like like okay so um like well like I mean so a way that you've never experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced it before. Let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to align like like like like like like like like like like so I mean well I mean um um you know you know by design. It It It It It It It It It It is a me all church. I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms balms balms balms balms balms balms balms balms balms beard well like you know um okay like um so you know care and much much much much much much much much much much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed you know I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay well well well well okay and crafted to inspire the Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote so uh well okay like um you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off off off off off off off off off off your entire order use um you know I mean well you know well you know know know know know know know know know know well like promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in in in in in in in in in in the show notes. Today's well you know so okay okay like um uh okay episode is is is is is is is is is is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the the the the the the the the the the uh well okay so uh well okay uh I mean pray more Retreat dot-org this this this this this this this this this this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death you know um you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh I mean so like okay and Resurrection. Everything is everything is is is is is is is is is is everything is everything is everything is everything is everything is everything is everything is everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything is online and at your own pace and you can I mean so you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh well well um okay find the time to listen to the five five five five five five five five five five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each well well so um you know uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old old old old old old old old old old came like uh uh you know like um okay I mean like home from a long long long long long long long long long long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez like well um uh you you you you you you you you you you know um um you know so over dinner. He glanced he glanced he glanced he he he he he he he he he he glanced he glanced he glanced he glanced he glanced he glanced he glanced out out out out out out out out out out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over San like so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know so well I mean so okay Jose the largest city in Northern, California California California California California California California California California California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as I mean like like um you know okay so so so so so so so so so so um well it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself with Heroin so like like well like um I mean you know uh just just just just just just just just just just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong uh so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know okay uh uh like. The drugs burned burned burned burned burned burned burned burned burned burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he um okay like like like like like like like like like like I mean so I mean um uh like began to hallucinate and eventually passed out out out out out out out out out out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know well I mean um um okay I mean fifth of March 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, okay um uh like um um um um um um um um um um like well I mean I mean which means it is basically the status quo quo quo quo quo quo quo quo quo quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit so uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so I mean well we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up up up up up up up up up up from 1.8% This means that uh like like you know okay okay so um well GDP GDP GDP GDP GDP GDP GDP GDP GDP GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than well I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay so okay like well well the 0.4% that economists were expecting. This This This This This This This This This This does this does this does this does this does this does this does this this this this this this this this this this does this does this does show that the RBA is reading at um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean I mean okay you know so okay the economy was was was was was was was was was was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct so I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well you know um um uh uh. However, it looks like that gentle turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning turning points has turned into an S uh I mean so uh um you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean okay turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's this week's this week's this week's this week's this week's this week's this this this this this this this this this this week's this week's this week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and and and and and and and and and and the well uh well you know well like so like I mean stay-at-home moms moms moms moms moms moms moms moms moms moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay uh like uh uh well at home with my kids Sam works out out out out out out out out out out of the home and just kind of well well so uh like okay like you you you you you you you you you you know well bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are really really really really really really really really really really great um um um well um well like you know I mean things. There are some some some some some some some some some some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever you so so well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know okay um okay do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your your your your your your your your your your kitchen or throw your kiddos you know uh uh so um well like like you you you you you you you you you you know in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Sam uh well you know okay you know you know um so like and and and and and and and and and and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod um okay um um um um um um um um um um okay uh um uh uh so because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically um so um okay I mean you know you know um um um um um um um um um um okay ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were going to to to to to to to to to to be spotlighting um you know you know you know well I mean so um so so so so so so so so so so one of you mama's so that you can share your story advocate for your babies babies babies babies babies babies babies babies babies babies and uh I mean I mean you know I mean you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean connect with the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is is is is is is is is is is our best friend like like you know I mean okay I mean okay like so in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to to to to to to to to to to help you take your health um um well you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean I mean Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's time to level up. Hello well so well well well you know um um um um um um um um um um I mean like and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and and and and and and and and and and Danny today's episode okay so uh um so okay so well I mean is is is is is is is is is is called movement is medicine. I just I just I just I just I just I just I just just just just just just just just just just I just I just I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh okay I mean uh you know you know I mean Does it I think think think think think think think think think think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks uh okay I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um like you know uh well. I feel like we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean I mean you know I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well okay um I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh well uh well so. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're so uh I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know okay you know you know okay here to really talk about something that I'm super super super super super super super super super super passionate about and I know you are um like you know so I mean well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay you know too. SLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI sLI sLI sLI sLI sLI sLI sLI sLI sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday your training training training training training training training training training training working hard and all of that. I work I work I work I work I I I I I I I I I I work I work I work I work I work I work as an I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay you know like uh okay okay well osteopath. So this is really our our our our our our our our our our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well okay well um I mean bread and butter, but I'm here for the the the the the the the the the the ride as well. Fantastic. You're so uh uh well uh I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know always welcome to come to the light. So today so today so so so so so so so so so so today so today so today so today so today so today so today so today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to like um you know well like like like uh uh build in your meditation? Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is it that you want to be more present is um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so you know like well well it that you want to be more more more more more more more more more more intentional is it that you want to feel I mean like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like I mean so well more of a sense of like trust and and and and and and and and and and connection to intuition is it that you you know so uh okay you know you you you you you you you you you you know well well like want to feel less stress is it that you you you you you you you you you you want to sleep better? okay I mean so so I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you you you you you you you you you you craving and notice in you know okay um well you know okay well well you know know know know know know know know know know your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice when when when when when when when when when when those okay okay uh so well so I mean uh okay things start to shift shift shift shift shift shift shift shift shift shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode 97 of hurdle I mean you you you you you you you you you you know so like um like like you know well a wellness vulgus podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals to talk about everything from uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well okay you know I mean well their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy this guy this guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy this guy this guy this guy this guy this guy this guy this guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy friends podcast rid of uh you know uh um um I mean um I I I I I I I I I I mean uh show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested requested requested requested requested requested requested requested requested requested by many of I mean okay so so uh uh okay well um you and and and and and and and and and and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads for 2020 uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know well um like like something like that because a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of you have asked a Jeremy what books would you so well uh so so so so so so so so so so like uh um so okay recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? development development development development development development development development development Well books well books well books well books well books well books well books well well well well well well well well well well books well books well books to recommend for so I mean uh well like like like like like like like like like like well you know uh so nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at least the the the the the the the the the the ones that have okay like okay you know like like um well um had the the the the the the the the the the biggest impact on me or the ones that are In the Forefront of like like like like like like like like like like uh you know well well like uh um well my mind right now nagase can't sure every every every every every every every every every every book that I've read and listened to well like uh well okay um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean you know over the past 10 years, but I'll give give give give give give give give give give you guys a pretty like I mean I mean so well like uh uh um good good good good good good good good good good list and I did a version of this a long time ago, which um I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh um so uh well uh is somewhere on the blog and my goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal is to put these onto the okay so so uh uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or or or or or or or or or or so. I just have so you know like you know well well like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to do but I I I I I I I I I I will um uh I mean I mean uh you know so okay um get get get get get get get get get get to this but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might I might I might I might I might I might I might I I I I I I I I I I might I might I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for for for for for for for for for for the well you know like okay I mean I mean okay um okay fact that someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to uh well well well well well well well well well well well well um well okay um um learn it and actually really fell in love with it. A A A A A A A A A A lot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot of them are well well well well well well well well well well uh okay I mean you know uh uh so um just really fantastic. If you you you you you you you you you you think about how far things have come for us to I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh you know so um uh be doing this in our backyards basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically and taking images that were once in okay you know okay okay uh well well well well well well well well well well well like um the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think think think think think think think think think think. Please welcome um like like okay um so like so like everybody Sean Nielsen Nielsen Nielsen Nielsen Nielsen Nielsen Nielsen Nielsen Nielsen Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well you know uh okay you know I mean he runs a website visible visible visible visible visible visible visible visible visible visible dark dot CA and he also has a like um um so well well well well well well well well well well um I mean well okay YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He is a big user user user user user user user user user user of picks in sight. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean well uh I mean okay get started. Hello everyone and welcome to to to to to to to to to to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated okay okay um well you know you know um um um um um um um um um um okay okay to the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with you with you you you you you you you you you you with you with you with you with you with you with you with you with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate of Malaysia like like you know I mean like like like um like Flight Flight Flight Flight Flight Flight Flight Flight Flight Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried like uh um well uh well I mean I mean um to stitch together the the the the the the the the the the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these I mean uh okay like like like like like like like like like like okay you know so uh okay episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our our our our our our our our our our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell well like okay uh uh well well well well well well well well well well well um I mean the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups cover-ups cover-ups cover-ups cover-ups cover-ups cover-ups cover-ups cover-ups cover-ups follow conspiracy like so okay you know uh I mean I mean so so theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV you know okay um well well you know you know uh I mean talk now now now now now now now now now now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to I mean you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh so so well I mean okay Show Low here on AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, um like um um um um um um um um um um so well like I mean okay you know and we're here to talk about about about about about about about about about about this episode. We love we love our audience and we will so um you know know know know know know know know know know I mean so um um so like give you our opinions here on on on on on on on on on on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's first like so like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay well I mean time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show show show show show show show show show show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an um like um so you know like you you you you you you you you you you know okay like actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And And And And And And And And And And this is of uh um well uh you know I mean okay um like like like like like like like like like like course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say say say say say say say say say say well you know okay so well like you know you know like said yeah. I I I I I I I I I I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself I mean so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay uh okay well. Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and okay you know you know like well like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean so a host here at the network. So excited to be here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, but me Christine um like like you know like well okay so like be be be be be be be be be be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything um okay um like you know um well I mean you know in between because because because because because because because because because because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't also so okay like well well well well well well well well well well so you know I mean okay um much what you mean by are are are are are are are are are are usually gas by D the middle amounts and this you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like uh I mean like I mean okay is probably why girls don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't go for a higher salary in All right I mean you know uh so like like like like like like like like like like uh okay I mean I mean. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look look look look look look look look look look like you've never listened to bash me um like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay I mean a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um so so um I mean like um TV talk now. It was was was was was was was was was was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this so like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay like okay well show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My My My My My My My My My My name is Mike feeling okay um you know uh I mean well well like like like like like like like like like like like. We're here. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going to go through it. You know know know know know know know know know know what it is. You so well well I mean like I mean uh okay so so so so so so so so so so know how we do first. I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce. My panel my panel my panel my panel my panel my panel my panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel panel my panel my panel my panel I am okay uh I mean like um um you you you you you you you you you you know well um over here by myself on the team married side, but to to to to to to to to to to my left also representing team married I mean I mean I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay you know so and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I okay like um um um um um um um um um um okay so so uh like well may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs programs programs programs programs programs programs programs programs programs. There is a reptilian uh so um uh um okay you know so uh a Draconian Draconian Draconian Draconian Draconian Draconian Draconian Draconian Draconian Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid you you you you you you you you you you know uh so like so um I mean okay like alien. Welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien like like like like like like like like like like well well uh I mean um so you know like and Ethan Hello. Both of you you you you you you you you you you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show so I mean like well so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean um this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's like old aliens in US. Yeah, you know well well you know okay well well well well well well well well well well like um okay you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah familiar with you know like well um okay well uh um well it it it it it it it it it it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for so so so so so so so so so so well okay so so like like you know well this but their cat at at at at at at at at at at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well like okay um okay well do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this this this this this this this this this this are you done? No, let me okay so like like okay like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay have my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in in in in in in in in in in so like you know like you know well um okay so the background, that's our our our our our our our our our our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week so you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean okay you know um uh um or two kitchen. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean like I mean you know I mean feel like they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my I mean um like okay you you you you you you you you you you know uh um you know um God. No I no I no I no I no no no no no no no no no no I no I no I no I no I no I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo I'm Leo I'm Leo I'm Leo I'm Leo I'm Leo I'm Leo Leo Leo Leo Leo Leo Leo Leo Leo Leo I'm Leo I'm Leo I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig gig gig gig gig gig gig gig gig gig we're our weekly um okay um okay okay you know well so you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know okay so so uh um costume and set designers the people who who who who who who who who who who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course uh um well like you know like like like like like like like like like like okay um um speaking with musicians about that one gig there changed their lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives get your peek behind I mean okay I mean you know like I mean um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay the curtain at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you listen to I mean well you know I mean well so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. Fight class consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the so so so so so so so so so so um like well uh like well uh okay interview series presented by W FP k k k k k k k k k k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um like like so well well like very first official episode of the the the the the the the the the the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live like you know uh uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean um on November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington. You're going to I mean well um uh so um so I mean I mean hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as as as as as as as as as as I mean well like well like okay well um uh well as questions submitted from from from from from from from from from from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody well you you you you you you you you you you know you know so okay well like I mean like on our crew and and and and and and and and and and I should mention this room was very big very bhumi tall well like so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like I mean uh like ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about okay okay so so so so so so so so so so like okay well like uh I mean anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh well um so so um tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or uh I mean uh so okay um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you can be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify okay so so I mean so well you know okay you you you you you you you you you you know Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your your your your your your your your your your podcast you know um I mean okay okay so like so like with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in well well you you you you you you you you you you know okay so so I mean you know you know one place. Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download the download the download the download the download the download the download the download the the the the the the the the the the download the download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so so uh you know you know okay I mean get started. Thank you. And And And And And And And And And And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so uh um so uh tuning in. This is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is the Hawkeye Outdoors Outdoors Outdoors Outdoors Outdoors Outdoors Outdoors Outdoors Outdoors Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it I mean okay okay uh okay um um um um um um um um um um uh so so. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we we we we we we we we we we kind of do uh like I mean well like you know you know um um um um um um um um um um well a little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow so well well well well well well well well well well um I mean okay so well so I mean your favorite podcast. So So So So So So So So So So you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you never miss an episode like this one one one one one one one one one one or if uh I mean so you know you know you know well you you you you you you you you you you know well you become a premium user you can download the episode so you you you you you you you you you you can um like you know like um well so you know I mean listen to to to to to to to to to to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're um um um um um um um um um um you know uh you know you know okay okay so uh traveling and also you can share share share share share share share share share share this with your friends on Instagram. If you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you if you uh well you know know know know know know know know know know like so well so you know uh haven't done so already be sure to download the the the the the the the the the the Spotify app and search for well well like well well so so uh so so so so so so so so so so D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know uh well so you know okay you know wherein wherein wherein wherein wherein wherein wherein wherein wherein wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you uh like like like like like like like like like like um you know um like uh okay uh guys first official episode. Yes are the the the the the the the the the the trailer is up on a few a uh I mean okay so well I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh uh few sites, but it's the first full one one one one one one one one one one so welcome and I have a mic like okay um okay you know uh you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a a a a a a a a a a cell phone, you know across the uh I mean well like uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well you know like world. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're professional now, but but but but but but but but but but she was not doing that. It just it just it just it just just just just just just just just just just it just it just it just it just it just it just you you you you you you you you you you know okay like okay uh well like I mean so was a bad Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be um you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean well you know so uh so halfway around the world, but but but but but but but but but but that's a story for another time. So um so um so um so um so so so so so so so so so so um so um so um so um so um so um um okay okay so so so so so so so so so so um uh okay okay you're ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So So So So So So So So So So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you like like like like like like like like like like so um like uh okay uh you know well. I'll be cheering with you an an an an an an an an an an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the sharing the sharing the sharing the sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing the sharing the sharing the sharing the sharing the sharing the benefits you know so um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay uh uh okay uh of a Purpose Driven Life and and and and and and and and and and also engaging you in a meditation of so so well so uh okay like like like like like like like like like like uh so Hope There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives like um you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so uh okay meaning to your life. We were made to have have have have have have have have have have meaning. This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Lisa Marie okay okay so I mean I mean um you know so okay and and and and and and and and and and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be serenading you with with with with with with with with with with um so like well like well I mean like I mean a poem to to to to to to to to to to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to be reading uh uh um um um um um um um um um um okay uh um um you know I mean a poem by one of the Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti so you know so well I mean so so so so so so so so so so okay okay well and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the the the the the the the the the the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect so uh like well you know so okay you you you you you you you you you you know I mean really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream of you to wake you know well well okay you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that I might might might might might might might might might might dream you know um like like okay like well so okay of you and not not not not not not not not not not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear companion gone so so so so so so so so so so like you know uh okay okay okay well uh as summer ended summer birds take take take take take take take take take take flight and happy dreams. I hold you full um okay okay um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know so I mean and night I blush again who who who who who who who who who who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Brian and uh um you know uh I mean like like I mean well we we we we we we we we we we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so like um um like. There's no premise right now. We have a a a a a a a a a a loose loose. Concept but concept but concept but concept but concept but concept but but but but but but but but but but concept but concept but concept but concept but we the biggest thing I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well uh I mean um like well that I think this is founded founded founded founded founded founded founded founded founded founded on we found there's just such a lack you know you know um like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well uh I mean of podcast with two white guys in their late late late late late late late late late late 20s or sister this males. Yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah you you you you you you you you you you yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay uh uh so so you know and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely severely severely severely severely severely severely severely severely severely underrepresented we need us field. So we so we so we so we so we we we we we we we we we we so we so we so we so we so we I mean so so so so so so so so so so well uh I mean I mean I mean I mean like decided to throw our our our our our our our our our our hat in the ring and give it a shot and okay you know like like like like like like like like like like so I mean well you know I mean uh maybe be groundbreaking and yes card card card card card card card card card card. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I don't know we know what I was thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking. What were you thinking? We should we should we should we should we should should should should should should should should should should we should we should we should we should we should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and and and and and and and and and and you know uh well you know you know okay like okay you know my my my my my my my my my my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics well well well well well well well well well well um well um well so I mean so okay that are too important to to to to to to to to to to wait until your last day on Earth as we so you know um um you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh I mean you know introduce each topic. We encourage you to to to to to to to to to to remember that some tomorrow will be um well well you know so so well um um um um um um um um um um like your last so each new day could be your final chance to to to to to to to to to to really live. This so okay uh you know um uh you know uh um week week week week week week week week week week we'll be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for well I mean well well well well well well well well well well so uh so so okay like the podcast came from and some of our topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, um okay, um okay, um okay, um um um um um um um um um um okay, um okay, um okay, um okay, um okay, um okay, um um um um um um um um um um you know um uh like like I mean well I mean Andrew, what would you you you you you you you you you you do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I if I if I if I if if if if if if if if if if I if I if I if I if I if I okay I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like uh you know you know well well was going to die die die die die die die die die die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters um um um um um um um um um um um you know so you know I mean um like okay and hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully something memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this well uh you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so uh well well you know idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of so like you know uh you know you know you know well um poke poke poke poke poke poke poke poke poke poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we so I I I I I I I I I I mean well well uh okay um like like use for podcasting. Well, that's simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use okay uh um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay like um and I just love it. There's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh like like uh well um um um um um um um um um um I mean well well your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if if if if if if if if if if there was something okay like uh like okay well I mean well like like like like like like like like like like in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go go go go go go go go go go uh I mean so so uh like okay well like into the episode. I uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so I mean uh like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well uh so flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes it it it it it it it it it it really interesting and cool uh uh I mean well well um uh um so so so so so so so so so so is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes you know well well well well well well well well well well uh you know well um well okay so Spotify you name it and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have have have have have have have have have have like you know you know well okay okay like like I mean for you. Do you you you you you you you you you you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, so so you know well well well well well well well well well well um I mean um uh well like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of random shit. Then you okay I mean I mean well well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um like need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy texcom texcom texcom texcom texcom texcom texcom texcom texcom texcom. Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts like you know uh I mean um like uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean I mean okay um well well like candies and such yummy tex.com Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low like okay well um um um um um um um um um um so um like you know well prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode Gary sits down um uh well I mean you know you know well well well well well well well well well well um well the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles hustles hustles hustles hustles hustles hustles hustles hustles hustles and uh like okay okay um um so like so how most of you need need need need need need need need need need to break out of the mold. So make sure to hit you know okay like well well well well well well well well well well um well um um so them up and leave a review to let us know know know know know know know know know know what you thought okay uh I mean you know okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at um um um um um um um um um um um you know so uh like uh you know um some more educational objectives objectives objectives objectives objectives objectives objectives objectives objectives objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X syndrome you know I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um you know so um. What is this caused by this is is is is is is is is is is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide um I mean um so okay you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay okay repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene Gene Gene Gene Gene Gene Gene Gene Gene Gene and that is fmr1 on the okay okay I mean um uh um okay so so so so so so so so so so okay long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and and and and and and and and and and inactivation um uh uh I mean um like okay okay okay of fmr1. So remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I I I I I I I I I I really actually want you um well I mean I mean okay like well well well well well well well well well well well I mean to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V V V V V V V V V V and podcast form. So um I mean well uh well I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee podcast you know you know well okay uh well like I mean you know with with with with with with with with with with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on on on on on on on on on on okay well okay like you know well so well uh weekly B7. Please hit me me me me me me me me me me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like uh I mean um so so so so so so so so so so you know okay uh like I mean listening to the Vlog and if you're not not not not not not not not not not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so so like uh I mean I mean um with double. He's then please enjoy is is is is is is is is is is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast today's episode like like uh you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks speaks about ageism and um so well like you know I mean um you know so how how how how how how how how how how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes and sizes. So make so so so so so so so so so so make so make so make so make so make so make so make so make so so so so so so so so so so make okay uh um you know uh uh you know so you know sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to hit them up and let us know what you thought with a review review review review review review review review review review okay well I mean like you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know okay and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on is about his his his his his his his his his his son in the I mean well uh like you know um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like industry and sort of how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a well well well well well well well well well well so I mean like uh well uh you know so Christian believe that that that that that that that that that that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as uh so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know like um um so you know people are stuck here on on on on on on on on on on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray um okay like um so so so so so so so so so so so um uh okay areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform I welcome so so um so like like I mean you know um open open open open open open open open open open dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is like like like like like like like like like like so so well um I mean well so you know meant to teach and and and and and and and and and and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um okay you know you know well. If you have a a a a a a a a a a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies you know okay I I I I I I I I I I mean like so okay so well you know at God has gray XO @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a so you know um so well well well well well well well well well well well so you know I mean part of our community donate to patreon.com slash. God God God God God God God God God God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually I I I I I I I I I I actually I actually I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand. So. I got I got I got I got I got I got I got got got got got got got got got got I got I got I got a so I mean like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean so well fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I I I I I I I I I I like sandpaper. It's all right. But yeah, well you know well um like so so so so so so so so so so well uh okay so sorry about that long break we took we were just really really really really really really really really really really busy with midterms I mean so I mean so like I mean um you know I I I I I I I I I I mean papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not not not not not not not not not not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants participants participants participants participants participants participants participants participants participants kidney like uh uh you know like I mean so well so personal experiences or or or or or or or or or or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I but I but I but I I I I I I I I I I but I but I but I but I but I but I guess that's cool so so so so so so so so so so so so um well okay well like uh Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed like like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like um well so. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on on on on on on on on on on page Carnegie, such he like okay like uh so uh uh like um coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect well uh um um um um um um um um um um so well so uh you know so the views and policies of Spotify or or or or or or or or or or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners you know um well well well I I I I I I I I I I mean so so uh discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God God God God God God God God God God Amy. Otto have okay okay okay like um uh like you know okay but without without without without without without without without without without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling well like like like like like like like like like like um um um uh okay I mean I mean you orgasm with a walker walker walker walker walker walker walker walker walker walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets so uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean well okay you know you know worked. Well tahina, I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey tofu like um like like like like like like like like like like um so um okay I mean I mean steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about well like like like well you know so well I mean anchor is the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me let me explain one one one one one one one one one one. It's um so uh so so okay I mean um you know free like like like like like like like like like like free. Like no money. Like you like you like you like you like you you you you you you you you you you like you like you like you like you like you don't have to pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay you have to um um um you know uh um you know okay like pay any any any any any any any any any any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that allow uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean um I mean you know so you know so you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer super simple so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know well um so I mean uh super easy. You don't have to to to to to to to to to to go to some studio and pay for some like like um so um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay I mean nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you you you you you you you you you you where um I mean I mean like like you know uh okay so you will meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each one of I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know um well I mean you know us has never ceased to challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years. I've um um like so so so so so so so so so so so um I mean uh like had the opportunity ever since to search learn and and and and and and and and and and experiment my passion for the voice well so uh uh uh like um like like like like like like like like like like so and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify I mean okay you know you know okay well uh um like or whatever platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today you know know know know know know know know know know like well okay like so you know um I mean I'm going to to to to to to to to to to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering opening day I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay like um I mean I mean uh so happens this month. So So So So So So So So So So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird place right you know uh uh um um um um um um um um um um so you know okay I mean well now considering the Astros just cheated their way way way way way way way way way way into a World Series and it's you know you know like okay uh okay so like like like like like like like like like like okay possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't um well like uh you know like okay like well really know what to think think think think think think think think think think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions well well like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean um you know for next year. So To put it lightly. I think think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I I I think I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in in in in in in in in in in March. We're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting down um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know um well so um the top 31 Sports scandals of the past past past past past past past past past past 31 years in this episode were journeying back so uh like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um okay okay to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian Colombian Colombian Colombian Colombian Colombian Colombian Colombian Colombian Colombian national team's loss in the World Cup okay uh you know um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know you know well. It was it was it was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that cost Columbia the game so like like like like like like like like like like well I mean you know um well well okay and Days Later Escobar's life for for for for for for for for for for more shocking sports events from history tune in uh uh you know uh like like like like like like like like like like so uh you know okay right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen free on Spotify or wherever you uh well well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh uh I mean I mean get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second match in the 94 World well you know well so so so so so so so so so so okay well um okay I mean Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing uh like like like like like like like like like like you know um you know um you know like um that podcast thing now in launching a a a a a a a a a a patreon. You can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can find it at um okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh uh I mean okay okay patreon.com slash Nori podcasts. There are are are are are are are are are are various tiers with different types of goodies available you know well okay so um so so so so so so so so so so so like uh. Do you want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots knots knots knots knots knots knots knots knots knots are reading so you know so like I mean well okay you know uh that week week week week week week week week week week be a part of a Nori book club get special access so well you know know know know know know know know know know uh well well um um like to Nori events. Go take a look at patreon.com Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori podcast for what we're so um like like well I mean like you know I I I I I I I I I I mean offering and in that Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of of of of of of of of of of way like um uh um okay uh um okay um that That, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, we like to do this list of goodies is subject okay like um you know know know know know know know know know know so like like so okay to change and we'd very much like your feedback. Is there there there there there there there there there there something that you'd really so um you know you know uh like like you you you you you you you you you you know um like to see but it isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to to to to to to to to to to help us you know like well well uh I mean um okay I mean shape what what what what what what what what what what we offer to you. You can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can send an email to podcast at at at at at at at at at at okay I mean well well um um okay I mean um Nori.com or fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can um you know um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay well okay okay find at nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so much much much much much much much much much much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been it's been been been been been been been been been been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been been been been been been been been been been a while since we like okay uh you know you know okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you know um had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to to to to to to to to to to have a okay um so you know so I mean well okay uh discussion about about about about about about about about about about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the well so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay well I mean you know like conversation today is just the the the the the the the the the the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly well so like like okay you know know know know know know know know know know I mean um so marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the conversation and now onto well um so uh okay okay you know so so so so so so so so so so you know the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Justin Justin Justin Justin Justin Justin Justin Justin Justin Boon um uh uh you know I mean uh okay okay uh to to to to to to to to to to leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean um uh I mean like recording this on Monday morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning. So at this point we've at least had a like well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so okay um well couple days to digest some of the performances performances performances performances performances performances performances performances performances performances from the skill position players and that's uh um so uh uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean what we're going to talk about today the offense of risers risers risers risers risers risers risers risers risers risers and fallers from I mean like okay well okay okay I mean well um the combine combine combine combine combine combine combine combine combine combine. And I know I said this on last week's show but I have have have have have have have have have have I mean well like uh like okay so okay you know to reiterate you you you you you you you you you you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are like well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean I mean you know like like like Incredibly talented athletes. I I I I I I I I I I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an well well um so you know know know know know know know know know know you know so I mean I mean example, but they're / like fractions of a a a a a a a a a a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly um well you know uh so okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um so swinging your view of a player but we did learn some things some players so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean you know so I mean okay I mean okay had had had had had had had had had had much better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest scandals in okay well you know I mean well well so well uh American political history history history history history history history history history history. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman was charged charged charged charged charged charged charged charged charged charged um well so well uh so okay so so with three felonies after illegally using using using using using using using using using using his campaign fund and Congressional staff for personal use um uh um uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like well 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting ready to okay uh okay so I mean you know okay well um participate participate participate participate participate participate participate participate participate participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years on the hill okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay you know okay like um uh had been tough tough tough tough tough tough tough tough tough tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been poking okay okay like like I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um I mean um around his Finance records. They were definitely looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd okay okay you know uh uh so so so so so so so so so so uh okay um outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play play play play play play play play play play nice um okay well so okay like you know like uh for a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I I I I I I I I I I you know uh like well okay like well you know like talked a a a a a a a a a a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and you you you you you you you you you you know like um um well um okay I mean I mean why that's important. And And And And And And And And And And that's what today's episode is all about me and be at you know know know know know know know know know know um uh you know so well um okay you know had an amazing conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on what I mean um um um um um um um um um um uh okay so uh well so I mean she does to get back tuned in with with with with with with with with with with her heart tuned in with source and well uh I mean um like like like well well well well well well well well well well like spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some time like like like like like like like like like like uh um well um you know like you know uh ago. I haven't been been been been been been been been been been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like. So my you know okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean I mean uh apologies on that we will return back back back back back back back back back back to a schedule. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know exactly I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean I mean like um so uh what that schedule is. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So you so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you know know know know know know know know know know like like so so uh you know um you know just be on the the the the the the the the the the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um okay well I mean I mean uh magic Hot Topics personal development development development development development development development development development development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and sit with uh like like like you you you you you you you you you you know like well uh um us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The The The The The The The The The The Magic on the inside podcast so uh well you know I mean like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim aim aim aim aim aim aim aim aim aim to help women well well well okay like um so um okay all over over over over over over over over over over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic in their okay you know know know know know know know know know know um like you know like well uh so lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about like uh I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um you know I mean like uh the world of True Crime letting you you you you you you you you you you dive even deeper into some of the well I mean so okay so well well well well well well well well well well okay um like most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals episode. We're exploring I mean so I mean so you know like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected collected short well um well well you know you know okay um uh clips from some some some some some some some some some some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh um like okay like so okay like motivation method and Madness and and and and and and and and and and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you okay uh okay well um um um um um um um um um um well um well you know can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you you you you you you you you you you listen well you know so uh so okay um so um to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description um well well well well well well well well well well like so you know okay uh well like today. We're discussing we're discussing we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing we're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well like okay I mean um uh boys from the back pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we you know well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well so so you know um we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie Hoagie Hoagie Hoagie Hoagie Hoagie Hoagie Hoagie Hoagie Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you well like um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um um said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an an an an an an an an an an incredible story, um you know okay uh okay well so like so but but but but but but but but but but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this so so so so so so so so so so okay uh so I mean you know uh well you know man's actual name name name name name name name name name name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having he's having he's having having having having having having having having having having he's having he's having he's having he's having he's having he's having he's having you you you you you you you you you you know um okay like um well so you know I mean his location just a a a a a a a a a a block away for over four years going it to the University of okay so well well well well well well well well well well you know um okay you know well you know st. Thomas and then having having having having having having having having having having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need need need need need need need need need need okay so um like I mean well uh uh well more voices in the the the the the the the the the the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know okay like I mean you know um I mean fast to the Traditions passed passed passed passed passed passed passed passed passed passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um uh well um well eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved and an easy you know um uh okay uh uh well so so so so so so so so so so so one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast hosting platform well I mean um well I mean okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let um let um let um let um let um let um let let let let let let let let let let um let um let um let um you know well I mean well um um um um um um um um um um you know um okay me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast okay like well okay okay you know like I I I I I I I I I I mean you know right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it um well like so you know like well you you you you you you you you you you know like can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can can can can can can actually make so I mean okay I mean um okay uh okay well some money money money money money money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh you know I mean uh okay um well a podcast in one convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app like um well I mean um um um um um um um um um um so like like like or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Vincent Rim. I'm you know you know like uh so uh like so okay sure it's acorah acorah acorah acorah acorah acorah acorah acorah acorah acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week starting well uh uh you you you you you you you you you you know so you know well I mean well with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I I I I I I I I I I have no over the past week. We uh um I mean well like um um um um um um um um um um okay okay uh got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir I mean well you know uh uh well I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it. We're going going going going going going going going going going to well so I mean um I mean so um I mean well touch on on on on on on on on on on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them um well okay so so so so so so so so so so like like I mean uh well. All right lot talk about co co Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit I mean um well like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so okay beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward forward to this okay well uh uh like well okay okay like week, week, week, week, week, week, week, week, week, week, but it's great pests who week of sports the past week as far far far far far far far far far far as been well I mean uh uh well well well well you know amazing. We got got got got got got got got got got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we we we we we we we we we we got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won you know like like like like like like like like like like so well okay so okay so like both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire inquire inquire inquire inquire inquire inquire inquire inquire inquire about hiring um like you know I mean well um uh you know okay a a a a a a a a a a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay um uh okay okay I mean let me just see. Yes, we have have have have have have have have have have both rooms available that evening. There's our main hall that's okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean so well you know I mean got seating for 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the child sunroom CH AR well well I I I I I I I I I I mean um well well you know I mean so. LT o n that's got seating seating seating seating seating seating seating seating seating seating for up to 100. Well, we are organizing a dinner to um like well you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay you know well okay raise money for a charity and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're hoping for at least a hundred and well so well okay um uh I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall hall hall hall hall hall hall hall hall hall. How much how much how much how much how much how much how much how much how much how much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for for for for for for for for for for work because uh well I mean like so well well like well well well well well well well well well well swearing is encouraged. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like a Pinchot after dark but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a podcast. I'm Kat uh so like so um I mean so uh I I I I I I I I I I mean palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode 17. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey John okay well um you know you know like um like so. Hey Catherine. I have have have have have have have have have have not seen you in literal like a month ago I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well like like like well about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep it withdrawal. It's terrible uh um uh um well like uh um I mean. We We We We We We We We We We usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So like like like like like like like like like like you know so I mean okay well you know um uh this will come out out out out out out out out out out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh okay well uh so editing in the air on the way to to to to to to to to to to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? um uh uh you know like like like like like like like like like like okay okay um you know Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle well I mean I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so well uh you know okay spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what what what what what what what what what what well well you know uh uh like uh so uh it means to to to to to to to to to to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh I mean uh uh okay mangas and podcast this week. We are are are are are are are are are are so excited to sit down with the authors okay well I mean well um well well well well well well well well well well well uh um of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing conversation I mean like like like um like well uh um filled with so much wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use our menstrual um okay I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well um well okay you know cycle when we're in periods of of of of of of of of of of no flow the postpartum void and essentially the Wonder like uh um well um you you you you you you you you you you know like okay like Woman complex and That looks like for women who work work work work work work work work work work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to to to to to to to to to to tell you well so okay uh I mean I mean so well so so so so so so so so so so about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is is is is is is is is is is okay I mean uh um you know like you know you know well the the the the the the the the the the app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from from from from from from from from from from a okay well you know you know like I mean um well so friend of of of of of of of of of of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean so so okay I mean so first oh my gosh, gosh, gosh, gosh, gosh, gosh, gosh, gosh, gosh, gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean like like I mean um I going to do do do do do do do do do do it? I have no equipment. I have no money uh well I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so well like so and I want to ensure that all our voices out here here here here here here here here here here in the Midwest get well okay um I mean you know I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I mean well heard and how do we do that on a platform without without without without without without without without without without spending a lot of ton I mean uh I mean uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh like um of money, especially when you don't know what to do. So she so so so so so so so so so so she so she so she so she so she so she so she so she she she she she she she she she she so she told me about um well um uh okay you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like you know anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit um I mean so um well so um um you know your podcast bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast so you know well well well well well well well well well well okay well uh I mean um well for you so we can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many like okay I mean um well um um so you know know know know know know know know know know more and you can make money with your pockets, which is the most amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing thing okay okay I mean I mean well well like you know you know ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh okay like okay well you know you know you right now to just just just just just just just just just just do it. It's everything you need to make a okay I mean okay okay like like like like like like like like like like okay um um um podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny like like like like like like like like like like I mean um well so um like well okay England. Join us as we discuss the the the the the the the the the the ever-changing character of wargaming in the well okay okay I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know I mean Mortal Realms grab your D6 and get ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome okay uh uh okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like like to Priority roll. My name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name is Dan. And today today today today today today today today today today I'm joined by the one and only okay I mean you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay uh well Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are how how how how how how how how how how are how are how are how are how are how are how are how are how how how how how how how how how how are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank um so like you know well okay you know um um um um um um um um um um so you. It's really. Weird listen weird listen weird listen weird listen weird listen weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird listen weird listen weird listen weird listen weird listen to you at normal speed speed speed speed speed speed speed speed speed speed because when I listen to podcasts I mean well um um like well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh so is it time to so it's like why are you you you you you you you you you you speaking so I mean so um okay um you know like uh uh slowly? Maybe I I I I I I I I I I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you okay well you know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean um you know well like know, my dulcet tones at times times times times times times times times times times to you surely want to listen to okay like okay you know um um like like like like like like like like like like um uh me, you know, get get the Full Effect one more in gram gram gram gram gram gram gram gram gram gram or well okay like like I mean like I mean um um it cram more more more more more more more more more more of me in right? So what so what so what so what what what what what what what what what what so what so what so what so what so what so what we're gonna be doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it it it it it it it it it it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't make me afraid I did did did did did did did did did did not injure myself. So there is no need so I mean so okay okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage damage damage damage damage damage damage damage damage damage. And anyway, um well well I mean I mean like okay I mean I mean this this this this this this this this this this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and like okay like like like like like like like like like like well uh okay well uh okay movement really seems to make all the difference which which which which which which which which which which I think is so cool. Hello, um like like okay okay you know like well well well well well well well well well well well everybody today. We are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are joined by Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna and she's one of my clients and like um well like so okay you know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend of mine during our time okay you know uh um so okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so together. And so today we are going to be having a conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation about her journey that well uh okay um well so so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know led up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what now now now now now now now now now now what now what now what now what now what now what now what now what now now now now now now now now now now what she likes well um okay um like okay like um so about our our our our our our our our our our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy so well so um uh you know well like you know cocktails and probably that that that that that that that that that that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually uh okay you know okay well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay okay okay a bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like yeah, like it's normally like analgesics uh like uh uh um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I can't wait okay so like okay okay okay I mean so like either. I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna see ya. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to see a little bit a a a a a a a a a a okay you know well you know you know like well okay um little little little little little little little little little little my hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have I have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I have all the power say you know well okay uh I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know that a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and and and and and and and and and and I'm um um I mean you know so well you know you know uh Johan Johan Johan Johan Johan Johan Johan Johan Johan Johan and this week. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so so so so so so so so so so I guess we're um okay okay okay okay okay like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in in in in in in in in in in the news and like well like well okay so so um well I think think think think think think think think think think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was Donald Trump well you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean well you know so well uh and Modi had a a a a a a a a a a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes like uh okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean well um like Trump went to India and then when he he he he he he he he he he was there, I mean, okay look okay uh so okay you know um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the the the the the the the the the the time and we've okay uh um I mean you know okay you know um so tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I want to to to to to to to to to to um uh like well uh um okay you know um hear about this. Yeah, but but but but but but but but but but this is hilariously like this is hilarious. So you know so so um okay you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean uh I think I think everyone would have seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen the movie names and stuff. You're I mean I mean you know uh uh so so so so so so so so so so um okay like talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and and and and and and and and and and I mean like um so like so um like like I mean uh he tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is you know know know know know know know know know know okay like uh I mean like like um um good. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? like um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean uh uh you know okay you know Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you so much okay so well uh um well uh like you you you you you you you you you you know for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You You You You You You You You You You like you like you like you like you like you like you like you you you you you you you you you you like you like you like so well so okay uh okay like you you you you you you you you you you know inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check so like like like like like like like like like like I mean like you know so um so okay out today's message. I believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are as well you know know know know know know know know know know well uh um okay uh I mean well a church and I just want want want want want want want want want want to I just want to take this opportunity to you know um you know so so so so so so so so so so like like you know okay like encourage you and challenge you to listen because I I I I I I I I I I believe in deeper Taco like I mean I mean I mean like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it it it it it it it it it it on. I believe we okay like so I mean like I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um okay are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Holy Spirit to you know so so uh you know uh uh so okay be in in in in in in in in in in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this this this this this this this episode I mean I mean like you know so so uh like like like like like like like like like like like includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive so like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean you know you know uh so so. We advise we advise we we we we we we we we we we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we we we we we we we we we we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was it was it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it was a cold and rainy um so like uh so like you know know know know know know know know know know like uh January night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just just just just just just just just just just outside of Portland Linda um uh like I mean uh so you know so well well well well well well well well well well Slauson a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit um um um um um um um um um um you know well like uh okay okay you know well Street weighed down by the the the the the the the the the the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha um um well so so so so so so so so so so you know uh like I mean um from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and and and and and and and and and and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless days uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like um I mean well uh I mean okay of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Scott Knudson call today today today today today today today today today today. I'm well you know I mean okay um like so I mean so talking with Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie colegrove. Natalie is natalie is natalie is natalie is natalie is natalie is is is is is is is is is is natalie is natalie is natalie is natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School School School School School School School School School School and a national uh I mean okay okay well um I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as the the the the the the the the the the like you know well I mean um so um uh okay principal euphonium player player player player player player player player player player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in I mean you know know know know know know know know know know so so um like well I mean like 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate Allstate Allstate Allstate Allstate Allstate Allstate Allstate Allstate Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of okay I mean um so I I I I I I I I I I mean so so like okay of the top high school euphonium players in California. Most Most Most Most Most Most Most Most Most Most recently most recently most recently most recently most recently most recently most recently most most most most most most most most most most recently most recently most recently Natalie has been um so so um um you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean well accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound bound bound bound bound bound bound bound bound bound in the nation well uh uh I mean you know like you know so so this this this this this this this this this this past summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and and and and and and and and and and uh so uh okay well well um okay like tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, the now, the now, the now, the now, the now, the now, the the the the the the the the the the now, the now, the now, the also has a band memes account called you you you you you you you you you you know so like you know like so okay I mean you know youth he's life which which which which which which which which which which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with with with with with with with with with with okay um you know uh well I mean um so I mean only the freshest milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your so well uh like like like like like like like like like like okay okay you know like I mean morning Bagel. Now where you get that that that that that that that that that that big ol should be the only subject well like you know I mean like so so so so so so so so so so uh um I mean for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been been been been been been been been been been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia like you know like okay um um you know know know know know know know know know know uh well schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan so okay so well okay um so so like. I am I am I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you you you you you you you you you you you know okay well okay you know okay well I mean uh have the floor. Southwest Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay well okay well okay well okay well well well well well well well well well well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like like like um um Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by by by by by by by by by by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah I mean I mean you know you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um uh. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not not not not not not not not not not I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son son son son son son son son son son. Yeah, right. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would would would would would would would would would would like uh like okay like like um okay uh well to encourage all of you to to to to to to to to to to download the free anchor app or go you know I mean like um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made made made made made made made made made made it. So I mean well like uh you know like like um okay easy guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only only only only only only only only only only so well uh well you know so I mean you know you know known known known known known known known known known known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do well well well well well well well well well well um like well I mean I mean uh well okay is download the anchor. I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have record my voice in it and just like you know know know know know know know know know know you know um like well well uh I mean click post and anchor will do do do do do do do do do do all the job for me. It will publish it um um well well like so so so so so so so so so so uh uh um in all the major podcast sides. You know you know know know know know know know know know know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know apps that are available and I um I mean I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well I mean so um okay do not need to do anything else. So this this this this this this this this this this is just too awesome guys I mean you know uh I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know uh so okay. You also need to make use of it. If you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you have a message if you have so I mean you know so you know know know know know know know know know know so you know like like some come content, which you feel that needs to reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach out to the world um you know I mean uh I mean well well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara. Now my like um um uh uh um um I mean like Skyrim everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the the the the the the the the the the one Bitcoin um like you know so uh okay I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know show. Today is today is today is today is today is today is today is today is is is is is is is is is is today is today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin thinking Bitcoin is the so uh so uh uh um well you know well Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about um um you know I mean well um okay you know like that that that that that that that that that that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by by by by by by by by by by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my my my my my my my my my my hello my hello my hello my hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um I mean so uh uh okay I mean a little bit today today today today today today today today today today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked so so okay so so so so so so so so so so so you know um um okay me if I tell you about it just because because because because because because because because because because it kind of changed my life so okay okay well you know you know know know know know know know know know know like uh okay. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts life changed um okay uh like um so uh I mean uh everybody's life life life life life life life life life life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today but today but but but but but but but but but but today but today but today but today but today but today but today but but but but but but but but but but today I walked like well like uh so well I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my well so I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean like well like uh Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk in he didn't know I was you know like uh well um um so so so so so so so so so so okay you know doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey bud. I got like like like I mean uh you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well like something I need to tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat seat seat seat seat seat seat seat seat seat okay like uh uh um like like you know you know right there. He He He He He He He He He He said he said he said he said he said he said he said he said he he he he he he he he he he said he said I want to tell you about something that I found out out out out out out out out out out so uh okay okay like uh you know so well they if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time you know um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so uh uh you know. You did. He says he says he says he he he he he he he he he he says he says he says he says he says he says he says it's called anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor and it's the easiest well okay like um okay I mean like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay way imaginable to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is Charles so well like um you know um so so so so so so so so so so so well Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super we're super we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're super we're super we're super we're super we're super we're super we're super we're super excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited today. We've got a so uh so like um okay well so you know couple of of of of of of of of of of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on like like like like like like like like like like you know uh okay uh well you know so like Mandalorian season 2, but but but but but but but but but but first we gotta check in with Charles and see what's you know like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh you know okay I mean like going on over in in in in in in in in in in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying okay like like like like like like like like like like uh um I mean um um I mean you know The coronavirus care still happening, happening, happening, happening, happening, happening, happening, happening, happening, happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh I mean so okay you know. I want to hear scoop. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one like okay like um okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean like um and something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you you you you you you you you you you guys that have you know um like okay so uh well like like been listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean you know you know I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um um. We both liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the business okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so well so so uh you know um of getting Star Wars scoops scoops scoops scoops scoops scoops scoops scoops scoops scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from well from well from well from from from from from from from from from from well from well from well from well from well from well from hard work grows grows grows grows grows grows grows grows grows grows over I mean uh well well I mean uh well uh so time Proverbs 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went went went went went went went went went went like I mean like you know like um like um okay to visit a a a a a a a a a a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know so well okay like uh you know the author of the article shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared that through to over the phone sessions in a well I mean so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh uh so couple of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she she she she she she she she she she didn't have to give up uh I mean well uh so uh um um um um um um um um um um um like things. She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial anxiety uh um uh I mean well I mean you know well okay and helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an an an an an an an an an an you know okay um I mean you know okay okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit credit credit credit credit credit credit credit credit credit card statement um like uh okay well I mean uh uh um and addressed goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know well I mean um I mean I mean prepare and save for for for for for for for for for for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is so well well well so so so so so so so so so so um so well you know full of wise advice on how to handle and and and and and and and and and and how to view Money um um um so okay I mean well like you know know know know know know know know know know In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the the the the the the the the the the verse from well you know um okay you know um uh I mean well Proverbs we we we we we we we we we we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional career so well like um you know you know okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The The The The The The The The The The Road Less okay well okay so um well like I mean well Traveled Traveled Traveled Traveled Traveled Traveled Traveled Traveled Traveled Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and Hoops. We all well um um um um um um um um um um like I mean you know like uh okay well jump through on this personal and and and and and and and and and and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host Athena um um like okay okay uh like like you know know know know know know know know know know Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor editor editor editor editor editor editor editor editor editor okay uh so you know um okay I mean okay well and certified oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so I mean uh I mean do? Well it is and that's exactly why why why why why why why why why why we're here every week. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to be okay well you know know know know know know know know know know you know okay so uh you know so sitting down with another multi multi multi multi multi multi multi multi multi multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk uh so uh well so like okay you you you you you you you you you you know so through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean uh you know okay I mean a lot beaches? You can't you you you you you you you you you you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't you can't hope to control we talked about peace and you so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um uh well so you know well kill cuz it's fun. You You You You You You You You You You have made me very desperate. You might not be I mean so so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so I mean like glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments participants kidney personal well okay so I mean okay you know well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I but I but I I I I I I I I I I but I but I but I but I but I but I but I I I I I I I I I I guess that's cool like okay I mean uh well okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know well Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences guy is um so like so so you know like okay so capoeira pushed. Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie um well well well well well well well well well well like you know okay okay I mean okay uh such. He coaches Keegan the views views views views views views views views views views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the I mean like well well well well well well well well well well so you know I mean I mean um like views and policies of Spotify or or or or or or or or or or the producer and curator of this well you know like uh okay you know like like like like like like like like like like well you know podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast well well well well well well well well well well like um uh you know so uh okay okay. Let me explain it's free. There's a a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a creation tools that allow you to record and well I mean um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean well okay so well edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer and covid distribute your well I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh uh well you know podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more I mean you know like so I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um you know okay you can make money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with with no minimum. Listen ship is everything well well uh like uh um so so so so so so so so so so so okay you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up up up up up up up up up up or good Echo the okay well okay okay okay so um okay you know know know know know know know know know know FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so excited like so so uh uh well um you know I mean about talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well um you know so like okay you know expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I I I I I I I I I I believe that wealth is not just about okay well uh you know like uh um um um um um um um um um um um well how much money you have in your bank account. It's about about about about about about about about about about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about about about about about about about about about about it's about it's about establishing Harmony in your personal I mean so uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh okay you know life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships and all that good stuff. I get I get I get I get I get I get I get I get I get I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that so so so so so so so so so so well like um uh well like well okay the word of God you can can can can can can can can can can seem to be dying light and it will be priced you know you know so well well well well well well well well well well I mean well you know uh well. This is episode number 12 to this word word word word word word word word word word will be read from John um so okay you know I mean like so you you you you you you you you you you know okay 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I I I I I I I I I I Loved you know okay I mean okay okay like okay well um You Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now remain in my love. If you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you keep my commands, you will will will will will will will will will will remain in so you know well I mean um like um you know like like like like like like like like like like my love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love love love love love love love love love love um so um um so well okay uh okay I have told you this this this this this this this this this this so that my joy may be in you uh you know um so so so so so so so so so so uh like well like uh and that your joy may be complete. My command command command command command command command command command command is this love each other as so okay so okay like okay so well so I have have have have have have have have have have loved you greater love has no one than this to uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay like well I mean okay lay down one's life for As friends you you you you you you you you you you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I want I want uh uh you know you know like uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope you I mean okay okay um like like uh so okay enjoy this one one one one one one one one one one. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make well uh so okay so like uh um well podcast. It's totally free that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like okay well I mean like right from your phone or or or or or or or or or or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So so you know uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh uh uh you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google Google podcast and many more you so uh so so you know so so like so so so so so so so so so so can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful podcast um you know um I mean okay like you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up you know you know uh you know well so you know well well well well well well well well well well I mean guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the the the the the the the the the the book one that well um so um uh um so you know uh mankind mankind mankind mankind mankind mankind mankind mankind mankind mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one that I so so so so so so so so so so you know you know well I mean okay well uh you know think every single human human human human human human human human human human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I I I I I I I I I I am use um well uh I mean um I mean like okay so of Muhammad Muhammad Muhammad Muhammad Muhammad Muhammad Muhammad Muhammad Muhammad Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I'm you know know know know know know know know know know uh um okay I mean okay well okay well doing good. What are are are are are are are are are are what are what are what are what are what are what are what are what what what what what what what what what what are what are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with formerly known known known known known known known known known known as like so so so well I mean okay like well your Hawaii's favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite. That's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's what that's what that's what I'm trying to say to you is go go go go go go go go go go ahead. And uh so so okay so okay um you know uh anyways, my my my my my my my my my my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired aired aired aired aired aired aired aired aired aired so you know like um uh um well okay so on YouTube. So the the the the the the the the the the so the so the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the the so the so the used to be a visual element. There is not any more like like like like like like like like like like you know you know like okay okay okay you know so. This is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or or or or or or or or or or driving the you know well okay like um so uh like so car where it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why this okay well well well well well well well well well well okay uh okay like I mean you know well audio version exists. If If If If If If If If If If you like us doing this, please do leave us so well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know um like a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate it and let's get into this okay you know like so like uh like like like like like like like like like like um so episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of of of of of of of of of of entertainment a wizard uh well I mean okay I mean like well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Disney on today's popular um well so I mean you know like like so so so so so so so so so so so culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love him. You well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well okay um uh I mean so can hate him or you can can can can can can can can can can love to hate him but you simply cannot so well okay like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's greatest export uh uh you know so you know okay well well well but well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel okay uh like you know so um I mean um uh Lindsay emerged to to to to to to to to to to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her you know you know know know know know know know know know know so you know like well like um uh reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly won't be repeating the second was uh you know okay um uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh handled Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on on on on on on on on on on its well well okay you know well you know okay like um inclusion on on on on on on on on on on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay okay okay well I mean I mean to have its cake and eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat it too with one trending post led by so okay uh uh well so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like user and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show show show show show show show show show show creates a Asik okay um well you know well okay uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay environment for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at at at at at at at at at at no point um so you know so you know you know okay so okay at at at at at at at at at at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in in in in in in in in in in facilitating uh okay well I mean like so like so okay toxic environments. The The The The The The The The The The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um so well uh well I mean a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement engagement engagement engagement engagement engagement engagement engagement engagement engagement or a happily ever after but every single season um like uh so I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well okay well there will be multiple villains. Another user another user user user user user user user user user user another user another user another user another user another user another user another user another user user user user user user user user user user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and you know like okay okay so you you you you you you you you you you know uh so um then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at well well well well well well well well well well okay so I mean okay like well like you know College Christian church for for for for for for for for for for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions um I mean you you you you you you you you you you know well uh uh I mean okay like or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and and and and and and and and and and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How so like I mean well well well well well well well well well well so so I mean um I mean you doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so so we're so we're so happy to have you well well uh okay uh so so so so so so so so so so okay so I mean here. Taylor is taylor is taylor is taylor is taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor taylor is taylor is taylor is taylor is taylor is taylor is going to walk us us us us us us us us us us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our you know uh um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know so you know theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that that that that that that that that that that journey of loneliness like you know like um well okay like okay so started started started started started started started started started started with you? It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh um so you know um okay had a good Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year uh like you know know know know know know know know know know well um like I mean so okay in college definitely hundred percent and what ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways do you think like a kind of uh so okay I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean uh came about in college? Well, I well, I well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I I I I I I I I I I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri like um you know so well okay you you you you you you you you you you know like so Southern but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest like so um like um you know so like um way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so you know um so um like to provide you all all all all all all all all all all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has it has it has it has has has has has has has has has has it has it has it has it has it has it has creation tools okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um okay um you know you know I mean like that allow me me me me me me me me me me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer okay like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay well well you know you know. You may remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay so uh like you know you know you know made it it it it it it it it it it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well so uh um um uh uh phone. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the Gospel Gospel Gospel Gospel Gospel Gospel Gospel Gospel Gospel Gospel you know so okay so so like so I mean uh reading from today's mass mass mass mass mass mass mass mass mass mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis of the like you you you you you you you you you you know uh so I mean like you know I mean so literal sense of the the the the the the the the the the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 verse 43 um so so so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh well like to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have have have have have have have have have have learned how it was said you I mean well you know so you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean well um must love your neighbor and hate your enemy enemy enemy enemy enemy enemy enemy enemy enemy enemy. But I say this to you love so well so okay um well well well well well well well well well well well well you know your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way way way way way way way way way way. You will be sons um like so I mean like well um okay I I I I I I I I I I mean of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun to rise on bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad men so um like um I mean you know so okay uh as well well well well well well well well well well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need I need I need I need I need I need need need need need need need need need need I need I need I need I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot f m well like like uh I mean so I mean so you know. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need need need need need need need need need need okay um so um so okay I mean like like to record edit. Plus they'll distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast to all of the major channels um like you know okay uh well well well well well well well well well well so uh uh including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of of of of of of of of of of charge you can make money you know you know uh you know well well well well well well well well well well you know um you know um with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be be be be be be be be be be easier. Download the anchor app or go so um like well so well uh uh so so so so so so so so so so to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy um I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know you know okay uh like well with poles and some some some some some some some some some some killed her today. We'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder well well well well well well well well well well you know um I mean well uh well I mean uh of two birds the the the the the the the the the the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt you know like like like like like like like like like like I mean um um you know um well like gooley the representative for two birds stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay tuned to the end for a song by brooke-taylor so uh uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so I mean like okay like to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March March March March March March March March March March. 2020 at Freddy when polls at okay uh well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean so 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also also also also also also also also also also have five beers on tap from well like okay I mean so okay uh well well well well well well well well well well so two birds and we go through the episode and we try and have a a a a a a a a a a taste uh well uh I mean uh so so okay uh of all all all all all all all all all all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes uh so I mean you know you know well you know like um on Michelle Carter from the the the the the the the the the the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad well uh well like I mean you you you you you you you you you you know okay well I mean Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged uh okay okay so well okay so okay well well well well well well well well well well him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did the the the the the the the the the the uh like well so so you know so like like medication she was was was was was was was was was was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay so um so so okay this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due like I mean you know uh like like like like like like like like like like well okay like I mean to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised this episode includes discussions like okay well you know like so you know so well of of of of of of of of of of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one one one one one one one one one one well you know um okay you know like well like I mean word word word word word word word word word word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean uh well okay um so well you know so. I'll explain you you you you you you you you you you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that uh uh you know so so so so so so so so so so um so you know you know okay allow you to record and edit your your your your your your your your your your podcast right from your phone or I mean uh well okay well okay so so so so so so so so so so okay like computer. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care of of of of of of of of of of Distributing your um um so so well uh um like like podcast too many many many many many many many many many many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that so so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know um so I mean easy now not only is Anchor easy to to to to to to to to to to use but it's profitable to with anchor like okay okay uh okay so um um um um um um um um um um um um it's possible for you to make money talking about the things that that that that that that that that that that you like um I mean like so uh well you know okay love love love love love love love love love love with no minimum listenership. I know I know I know I know I know I I I I I I I I I I know I know I know I know I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This This This This This This This This This This is I mean you know okay so I mean you know well well well too too too too too too too too too too good to be true. How much how much how much how much how much much much much much much much much much much how much how much how much how much how much is it cost me me me me me me me me me me to use anchor well you know like uh I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so. Are you ready for this zero? It does not cost you you you you you you you you you you anything. Anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and and and and and and and and and and Channing show you know okay you know well well I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean like so. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here. Maybe it's just beginner podcaster uh uh you know uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um so well faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening in in in in in in in in in in the morning? Good night uh uh well I mean like so you know like like like like like like like like like like like for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that. Does it - - - - - - - - - - no like uh I mean well well so so you know like Jay, Jay, Jay, Jay, Jay, Jay, Jay, Jay, Jay, Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to our little podcast. We say thanks for um um um um um um um um um um so I mean I mean I mean okay okay okay I mean coming back Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey. Thanks for listening for the first time. We're really glad you're nice like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay you know uh well like to meet you how it look look look look look look look look look look like you hit play Hey for all of you like I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean you know okay um that haven't done this already. We'd love love love love love love love love love love for you to subscribe and give us five stars you know I mean well so you you you you you you you you you you know like okay okay okay. That'll help. Bus out you can do that wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you're listening this morning, you you know um you know like uh um so so so so so so so so so so um well can follow us on Instagram. We've got we've got we've got we've got got got got got got got got got got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got a Facebook group group group group group group group group group group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download um you know know know know know know know know know know um uh like um like uh well and a 30 day free trial at at at at at at at at at at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred uh you know well like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean like eighty thousand titles to choose from for your iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player well so well like so okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know okay. Before we get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute minute to talk uh well like okay um you know okay I mean well to to to to to to to to to to you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman so uh um so so so so so so so so so so so well so okay um from Episode 34 of Adventures in autism. She is is is is is is is is is is she is she is she is she is she is she is she is is is is is is is is is is she is she is an Autism sibling who created this okay so so okay okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean you know amazing interactive web app that enables children ages 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 and up and adults with special needs you know okay well well you know know know know know know know know know know okay okay um you know to make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic geographic geographic geographic geographic geographic geographic geographic geographic geographic location I mean um um so I mean um um okay um parents parents parents parents parents parents parents parents parents parents and caregivers can also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host host host host host host host host host host uh okay I mean okay I mean like um so um many of of of of of of of of of of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, well well well well well well well well well well you know okay um like you know um so like but if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's I mean uh uh um well well well well well well well well well well I mean um I mean well the easiest most efficient way to record a a a a a a a a a a podcast you can make money from the I mean uh I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um you know podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to to to to to to to to to to use with creation tools that like you know okay okay I mean I mean well so so so so so so so so so so you know allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone or computer anchor I mean I mean um well like I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know okay distributes your podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many other platforms I mean like like like you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a a um you know so um like like uh you know well podcast in one one one one one one one one one one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um well so well I mean or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- and get started today. Why is um um you know well uh okay I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so um um well uh I mean nor Dame's first spring practice on on on on on on on on on on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't like uh okay well um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like know about you guys. But those but those but those but those but those those those those those those those those those those but those but those but those but those but those those last couple of podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts leading up to you know you know um okay like so okay so so pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well well well I mean so um uh so work with and we certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August so uh well um um um um um um um um um um so well like so I mean questions in February. I know I know but but but but but but but but but but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that you know well uh so so well well well well well well well well well well like you know like stuff and That's what we do but it's good to have have have have have have have have have have a practice under our well I mean okay well um so um okay well belt we we we we we we we we we we can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to like like like like like like like like like like well well um I mean so like you know I mean start with with with with with with with with with with the in book because and Pete I saw you put out a so you know know know know know know know know know know like okay well uh I mean uh like list yesterday of the guys that stood out out out out out out out out out out to you and I put out like um so I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like like like a list this morning of the five that the five that thrived thrived thrived thrived thrived thrived thrived thrived thrived thrived I thought yesterday well you know uh you know like well you know you you you you you you you you you you know uh and I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, list, list, list, list, list, list, list, list, list, but but uh I mean well okay you know so well okay you know Ian Ian Ian Ian Ian Ian Ian Ian Ian Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast so um so you know um so like so you know. I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I I I I I I hope I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again again again again again again again again again again um well I mean I mean I mean so uh so um through stories testimonies testimonies testimonies testimonies testimonies testimonies testimonies testimonies testimonies testimonies and casual conversation. Always real always real always real always real always real real real real real real real real real real always real always real always real always real always real never perfect and most of the the the the the the the the the the time messy um I mean like uh okay I mean okay like so. Thanks for for for for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for for for for for for for for for for thanks for thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today today today today today today today today today today. I have my I mean well um you know like like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from from from from from from from from from from I mean you know okay well well um you know I mean um Texas. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah good yeah good yeah good yeah good yeah good yeah good yeah good good good good good good good good good good yeah good yeah good yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's right. But you but you but you but you but you but you you you you you you you you you you but you but you but you but you know I mean well okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know well I mean today we're just going to be talking about dating and especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially in the like you know so uh like uh uh you know well Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian Christian world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just just just just just just just just just just tell so well like um you know um like uh you know me a a a a a a a a a a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is today is today is today is today is is is is is is is is is is today is today is today is today is today is sponsored by dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr. David Romani for the reflection of um like um so okay um you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is is is is is is is is is is also sponsored anonymously in uh so well like you know okay so okay you know know know know know know know know know know the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth myth karev like well you know okay uh you know uh well well to to to to to to to to to to her proper. She look she look she look she look she look she look look look look look look look look look look she look she look she look she look today as well as all the singles singles singles singles singles singles singles singles singles singles of marriageable age like you know okay uh um um um well well. And And And And And And And And And And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so uh so I mean you know um uh memory and Lena Lena Lena Lena Lena Lena Lena Lena Lena Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold okay okay so so so so so so so so so so like you know you know like you know um brew is dedicated in loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch you know so like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay I mean um I mean them out for my in maruyama maruyama maruyama maruyama maruyama maruyama maruyama maruyama maruyama maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom you know you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well I mean so family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this this this this this this this this this this week splashes fascinating they attacked well so um you know okay you know I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the the the the the the the the the the Jewish people and what is he? What do what do what do what do do do do do do do do do do what do what do what do what do what do what do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder becomes louder becomes louder becomes louder becomes louder becomes louder becomes louder becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes louder becomes louder becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard Shepard Shepard Shepard Shepard Shepard Shepard Shepard Shepard Shepard was asking this is I mean uh um so so well you know know know know know know know know know know so you know a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans fans Welcome to the Aztec breakdown you know like okay so I mean well um um um um um um um um um um like okay podcast. My name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name is Tyrone. I'll be be be be be be be be be be your host. I'm not joined by anybody today as has I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh okay uh like like well become custom just because of scheduling things. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like I've said today the plan is so um okay so you know you know know know know know know know know know know well uh well I you know, I really struggled over the course of the the the the the the the the the the week to come you know you know you know like okay you know well well well well well well well well well well okay you know up with things that I wanted to talk about. And And And And And And And And And And you know, I woke um you know you know like so like okay I I I I I I I I I I mean well up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts I mean so I mean well well uh you know you know um. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys about the Florence so so so so so so so so so so okay um uh so uh um well uh hair salon murders in Montana. And this this this this this this this this this this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this this this this this this this this this this and this was a case suggestion by a apple like okay uh you know um um um um um um um um um um well I mean um you know podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So So So So So So So So So So thank you so much for listening and leaving a like so um uh well well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know comment for us and we're excited to share share share share share share share share share share this case with you support yourselves a um um I mean like um um um um um um um um um um um uh so you know strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November November November November November November November November November November 6 2001 a customer is pulling into I mean uh you know I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um um well so the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails nails nails nails nails nails nails nails nails nails done. Her appointment was at um okay I mean I mean you know so you know know know know know know know know know know like well 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you how how how how how how how how how how like uh well I mean like so well like so the investigator as reminiscent reminiscent reminiscent reminiscent reminiscent reminiscent reminiscent reminiscent reminiscent reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years to so like um um um um um um um um um um I mean so you know okay like you know connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 1959. A man was born who uh I mean like uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh like would eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman. It would it would it would it would it would it would it would it it it it it it it it it it would it would it would take so you know I mean um um well well well well well well well well well well I mean so so years for police to connect him to four other murders years years years years years years years years years years and a clever um um okay so like okay you know well um um um um um um um um um um. A gator who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, so uh uh um so you know so like you know but your bones chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder like uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know like like so uh on May 6th. 1986 21 1986 21 1986 1986 1986 1986 1986 1986 1986 1986 1986 1986 21 1986 21 1986 21 1986 21 1986 21 1986 21 1986 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 21 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, um um um um um um um um um um I mean so uh I mean uh well okay um Texas Apartment. She had she had she she she she she she she she she she had she had she had she had she had she had she had she had had had had had had had had had had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star great Star great Star great Star great Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star Star great Star great Star great Star great Star great Star Wars discussions are on on on on on on on on on on the way I mean okay uh so um so like okay like. But first, but but but but but but but but but but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but but but but but but but but but but first, let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make okay you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean so so okay okay like a podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like you know uh you know you know you know I mean tools that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay I mean well I mean you know okay or computer and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard okay you know well well well well well well well well well well like so like you know well okay on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to to to to to to to to to to list keeps on growing and you can well I mean I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like okay okay so um make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make like uh okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay um so a podcast in one place. So get so get so get so so so so so so so so so so get so get so get so get so get so get so get started today today today today today today today today today today start your podcast get your like okay um um like uh like um well voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice out there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F like like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean like well so like so m-- to get started and now now now now now now now now now now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can listen to so like like like like like like like like like like so you know uh like uh um uh all of your favorite artists podcasts and and and and and and and and and and even podcasts about artists all in um well you know I mean okay I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well so one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has has has has has has has has has has I mean so I mean okay I mean so uh okay um a huge catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of so so so so so so so so so so so well like you know I mean I mean um you know my beach hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a good day uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh you know uh um um like. We're using the mic this time time time time time time time time time time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except yeah, except yeah, except yeah, except yeah, except except except except except except except except except except yeah, except yeah, except yeah, except yeah, except yeah, except um so uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean so you know you know so it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass pass pass pass pass pass pass pass pass pass it to each other. You're some so you know I mean so um um um um um um um um um um um uh so okay like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this this this this this this this this this this episode. Whoa. Um, we've um, we've um, we've um, we've um, we've um, we've um, we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've um, we've um, we've um, we've got okay well well um okay you know I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know some great stuff in store for you. We have a a a a a a a a a a stick listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want I want to take take take take take take take take take take a second to talk about anchor well uh uh okay well I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean like if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way way way way way way way way to make a podcast like uh so like um like um I mean you you you you you you you you you you know. Let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit okay okay like uh you know so so so so so so so so so so like well um your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your your your your your your your your your your podcast for I mean okay uh well like you know okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many many many many many many many many many many more you uh well you know well I mean I mean um you know I I I I I I I I I I mean can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you you you you you you you you you you well I mean like you know like like okay like okay need to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like so I mean um okay so to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to to to to to to get started. Are you going to love this one? well you know like like like like like like like like like like like well okay like I mean so I put out so much content that if if if if if if if if if if you listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this this this this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is being brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought to you by I mean okay uh um okay like uh like like like like like like like like like like okay anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution okay uh so well uh so well okay so side and an app is is is is is is is is is is well, if you aren't aware of what it is I mean um okay well well well well well well well well well well like so you know uh so. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can can can can can can can can can can go and find out anchor will like so so so okay um um well well well well well well well well well well uh help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. It also so like I mean okay um you know so I mean well has has has has has has has has has has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast well you know like like like like like like like like like like um you know I mean okay okay um right from a phone or a computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. It's basically everything you need to have you know okay you know I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know you know a nice podcast all in one place. So, please please please please please please please please please please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, please so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, please so, please go ahead and download the you know like so like um um um um um um um um um um okay uh okay okay anchor app or go to Anchor or FM to get get get get get get get get get get started. What's up, well I mean so uh like I mean okay like um Michael? Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael How's it going? Hey, bro, I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty so so so so so so so so so so so well well well like you know uh I mean good. Thanks for doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean you know um like so I mean um. See See See See See See See See See See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell hell you know so well okay I mean I mean uh well okay and today is is is is is is is is is is going to be extremely exciting. I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have Adam Breeze of Raven Raven Raven Raven Raven Raven Raven Raven Raven Raven I with um I mean so um like well so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over over over over over over over over over over I sold myself uh so um okay um well okay you know well short on on on on on on on on on on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think I came came came came came came came came came came up well so like you know well uh like okay um on the last. Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode Episode saying episode saying episode saying episode saying episode saying episode saying episode saying episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode saying episode saying episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My boyfriend for well well well well well well well well well well like um well I mean well well well well Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful thoughtful thoughtful thoughtful thoughtful thoughtful thoughtful thoughtful thoughtful thoughtful cards out, but I personally think I've trumped his so like you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay like okay okay romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves you know uh like uh okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um okay like cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so um you know you know um like you know guide to get get get get get get get get get get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life uh well okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh okay I mean okay and racing we're passionate about serving run a a a a a a a a a a community and we bring the most interesting okay so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so you know um so and accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you you you you you you you you you you and keep you entertained on those I mean so you know well I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a a a a a a a a a a writer and a certified nutrition well um like um I mean uh uh so so so so so so so so so so um and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist physiotherapist physiotherapist physiotherapist physiotherapist physiotherapist physiotherapist physiotherapist physiotherapist physiotherapist and pilates um like um so you know I mean uh uh I mean expert expert expert expert expert expert expert expert expert expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw uh so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so okay um stronger and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger. You can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can also join our so well you know well well well well well well well well well well well um um you know so Facebook Community by clicking visit group on our our our our our our our our our our page and sending us a member of I mean well like well like uh I I I I I I I I I I mean um well West if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us us us us us us us us us us a review on iTunes well so I mean okay um uh you know well well well well well well well well well well like and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may may may may may may may may may may ask um um uh like um uh you know um I mean that is my my my my my my my my my my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years old like uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean like you know like you know you know Nate nasty couple of nicknames nicknames nicknames nicknames nicknames nicknames nicknames nicknames nicknames nicknames. He had he had he had he had he had he had he had he had had had had had had had had had had he had he had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert Boos. Oh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean uh so I mean so I mean I mean the clown clown clown clown clown clown clown clown clown clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you I'm going I I I I I I I I I I mean well so so um well uh you know well to tell you those stories from from from from from from from from from from all over. The years but the reason well I mean I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay uh well we're looking for Nate nasty or finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding Fergus is because he has a propensity to disappear um like well like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh uh and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a a a a a a a a a a time or maybe even a couple I mean uh I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um uh like you know I mean days when I get my sad boy moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments. I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm talking I'm talking I'm talking six months to a um okay like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so um I mean year. This man this man this man this man this this this this this this this this this this man this man this man this man this man this man can disappear at at at at at at at at at at times. He has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to so so so so so so so so so so uh well well like I mean so well well business owners looking for a a a a a a a a a a better way in business and life this week. We're looking we're looking we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking for like you know like okay well I mean uh I mean so a a a a a a a a a a better way to manage our time. So rich so rich so rich so so so so so so so so so so rich so rich so rich so rich so rich so rich so rich rich rich rich rich rich rich rich rich rich characters starting so you know what? I mean uh uh so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh okay I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week week week week week week week week week week um okay um I mean you know uh you know well like because I I I I I I I I I I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I like you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay so like so I mean you know realized so much of this this this this this this this this this this stuff. I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I I I I I I I I I I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't realize I was doing since I read read read read read read read read read read this I mean like like um so well okay uh okay book, but it it it it it it it it it it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of made their I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um like so I mean so okay well way into my routine because I I I I I I I I I I was aware of a way to do things you know okay uh you know I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um so you know better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is is is is is is is is is is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh you know well so I mean okay uh it. I know I I I I I I I I I I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so uh okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um uh you know hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the the the the the the the the the the voice of God special like um uh I mean okay well uh well uh guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean uh I mean um um I mean you you you you you you you you you you know for the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the the the the the the the the the the okay like okay okay uh I mean so so so translator is is is is is is is is is is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben Ben Ben Ben Ben Ben Ben Ben Ben Ben so well uh you know uh I mean okay I mean okay tell us who you you you you you you you you you you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating so so so so so so so so so so uh um well um like well well um Edge today. We'll speak about the the the the the the the the the the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was I mean well um so so so so so so so so so so uh um you know you know you know a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 um well like well you know so so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know years old. I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was having having having having having having having having having having a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted so so you know you you you you you you you you you you know um like well uh uh to accept an offer to play in the the the the the the the the the the school's jazz band. I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was a trumpet player I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like like okay you know I mean okay. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening you're listening you're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The The The The The The The The The The Meta and the community of uh like okay you know uh well um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become a supporter like like like like like like like like like like you know um like like like well so okay of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and welcome well um well okay so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta Meta and the community of the like uh uh um well okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so you know legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift lift lift lift lift lift lift lift lift lift outside of um I mean so uh you know okay uh I mean well Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is a bit of uh like uh I mean you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so you know uh an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get get get get get get get get get get our schedules to okay I mean um so uh well you know so well work work work work work work work work work work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to well well well well well well well well well well you know like uh I mean okay like um you know all of our favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a so okay okay so like like like like like like like like like like so I mean uh like premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on on on on on on on on on on every imaginable topic plus you like I mean um okay um so uh like like like like like like like like like like uh can follow your favorite podcast. So you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you never miss an an an an an an an an an an episode premium users can download episodes um you know um well so you know know know know know know know know know know you know like uh to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to you know so you know well I mean like okay um um um um um um um um um um um with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, um um um um um um um um um um well okay um you know well I mean I mean uh be sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify um well uh you know know know know know know know know know know um well um I mean so or browse podcasts in the your library tab tab tab tab tab tab tab tab tab tab. Also, make sure to follow me like so okay okay well I mean um so like like like like like like like like like like. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is Optimal so okay uh okay okay uh I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Health daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness you know know know know know know know know know know so um okay um uh well okay I mean goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're hey, they're hey, they're hey, they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're hey, they're hey, they're hey, they're hey, they're hey, they're hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic of pediatric traumatic uh okay like um uh um uh well okay hip dislocation from from from from from from from from from from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like uh so like um usually posterior and may occur due to to to to to to to to to to low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 you know okay I mean um well well well well well well well well well well so um like well years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general general general general general general general general general general anesthesia or sedation open reduction I mean you know well um so uh like you you you you you you you you you you know um may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% 80% 80% 80% 80% 80% 80% 80% 80% 80% of these so okay so I mean okay I mean like you know so so so so so so so so so so injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um okay well I mean you know okay you know poster dislocations. And these and these these these these these these these these these these and these and these and these and these and these and these and these and and and and and and and and and and these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh I mean like like you know patients. Again. These injuries are more common common common common common common common common common common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the you know well you know um so so you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay mechanism of injury in patients aged less than 10 may be be be be be be be be be be secondary to a well so um like you know uh um well okay low energy sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky at like well well so you know well I mean so well lap record, record, record, record, record, record, record, record, record, record, but it's fun time with you. See for see for see for see for for for for for for for for for for see for see for see for see for see for see for forward Tyler did did did did did did did did did did I mean I mean so so you know so you know I mean like all that that that that that that that that that that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny you know um like like like like like like like like like like so you know well uh I mean I mean was the unluckiest Leprechaun in in in in in in in in in in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on so so well so I I I I I I I I I I mean like um like uh the island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to free to free to free to free to free to free to to to to to to to to to to free to free to free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the the the the the the the the the the puff and Steph podcast okay um you know you know you know so like like like like like like like like like like okay you know. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this this this this this this this this this this Tuesday. For those for those for those for those for those for those for those those those those those those those those those those for those for those for those like so so um well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh of you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and and and and and and and and and and you know you know okay uh I mean so I mean uh you know there there there there there there there there there there were some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it it it it it it it it it it you know um I mean you know so so well so I mean. I I I I I I I I I I don't know how much time you've had to think about this but um you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay I mean so like this is a new story that really does does does does does does does does does does impact your life a lot stuff. So I uh um okay you know I I I I I I I I I I mean um like well I mean think it's time you have any idea when talking about about about about about about about about about about the new Bachelorette it you know well so I mean uh uh uh well well well well well well well well well well like is about the new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm glad this um I mean so so I mean um uh well uh up up up up up up up up up up actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out what I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean I mean you know okay well so okay her deal was and and and and and and and and and and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister um like okay I mean okay well uh I mean um. I cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to I mean so okay so so so so so so so so so so well you know like um well buy tickets to come to your shows. You You You You You You You You You You don't need this right here. I promise I promise I promise I promise I I I I I I I I I I promise I promise I promise I promise I promise I promise you I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um okay so uh you know you know I mean you want want want want want want want want want want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um like uh uh like. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a a a a a a a a a a quick little intro on what you're about to hear um uh you know well so so so so so so so so so so well I mean uh like Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations the I mean I mean I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean like like class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he he he he he he he he he he asked Jonny to come in uh okay uh I mean so well so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks about core values talks like um you know uh you know well you know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean about how important those are and how vital it it it it it it it it it it is to know what your you know well uh like like um I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean core values are so you can create culture within your your your your your your your your your your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled I mean well okay well I mean you know well like so programming to to to to to to to to to to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent uh well you know uh uh okay uh um so Hi, how are you? you you you you you you you you you This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from arango from arango from arango from from from from from from from from from from arango from arango from arango from arango from arango from arango from the American Museum of of of of of of of of of of Natural History you know you know you know okay you know so okay uh well well well well well well well well well well. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline outline outline outline outline outline outline outline outline outline like um okay um well you know well so you know why the flamingo is is is is is is is is is is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty well like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well you know so well so badass. Yeah. I appreciate you you you you you you you you you you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't know okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so okay you know well well so if you're on social media, but on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter and Instagram there has been uh like you know so I mean um um um um um um um um um um so uh I mean a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it it it it it it it it it it. It was, you uh okay I mean I mean okay um I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I mean know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like a a a a a a a a a a picture from uh um I mean okay okay so like um okay a flamingo crime crime crime crime crime crime crime crime crime crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to well like okay uh like like so you know like the SVU after show here here here here here here here here here here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal uh um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh like um well so. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here here here here here here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you you you you you you you you you you are. I'm your she LL. Oh so well so you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh like and you're the CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the the the the the the the the the the sharks baby shower uh uh uh well uh like uh okay like. Yeah, it's great. If If If If If If If If If If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us let us let let let let let let let let let let us let us let us let us let us let us let us us us us us us us us us us let us tell you ahead okay okay so uh like uh um um um um um um um um um um um like of time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need need need need need need need need need need help, please reach well you know like uh you know like uh I I I I I I I I I I mean um out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six six six six six six six six six six four six seven well so okay like well well you know I mean well three three three three three three three three three three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with with with with with with with with with with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic errands and parking cars can be be be be be be be be be be a chore but a great car can be an you know I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well like um so so you know adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your your your your your your your your your your budget or family require. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a car so like well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um um I mean out there. You'll love we're here to help you you you you you you you you you you find it. I'm Todd. I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like like like like like like like like like like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh so okay so Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am am am am am am am am am am so happy for like um um so I mean I mean okay you know well well well well well well well well well well you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy for for for for for for for for for for me you know you know uh so I mean uh um you know know know know know know know know know know okay. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the the the the the the the the the the winter sort of revelatory um so well okay like okay so you know like isn't out out out out out out out out out out but just driving it period it honestly I last started it the well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean so you know you know um you know day after Christmas because I I I I I I I I I I had to get it out of the garage and having you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean you know like some work done start start start start start start start start start start start. I'm trying to wrap my head around this um well so you know I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean uh uh you started it last night started was the the the the the the the the the the day after Christmas. So that's been uh well so uh okay well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved it moved moved moved moved moved moved moved moved moved moved it moved it moved it moved it moved it moved it moved it moved it it it it it it it it it it moved was a month before like like you know you know I mean like well well well well well well well well well well okay um that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's one thing okay uh like you know um okay I mean like um. I I I I I I I I I I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so um um well well so so could tell that that that that that that that that that that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard so so well you know I mean like uh like you know and a a a a a a a a a a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean well um I mean like okay you know not today today today today today today today today today today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 64 64 64 64 64 64 64 64 64 uh I mean well I mean uh you know you know um I mean our last last last last last last last last last last page of rough road today. We thought we thought we thought we thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought we thought we thought we thought we thought we thought we thought that I I I I I I I I I I know whoo-hoo today. We okay like well like okay well um I mean I mean thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload unload unload unload unload unload unload unload unload unload we okay um um like um like so uh uh would just learn the dots dots dots dots dots dots dots dots dots dots together and see what we can glean from some of well well so you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know I mean its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the the the the the the the the the the first I mean you know okay I mean uh I mean okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such um um um um um um um um um um okay okay you know well uh you know um um trash to add Del Canto The The The The The The The The The The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based evidence-based you know uh you know uh you know like you know um uh practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to I I I I I I I I I I mean well well uh um okay um okay I mean teachers welcome to this week's Dale Dale Dale Dale Dale Dale Dale Dale Dale Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development trusts well um like uh I I I I I I I I I I mean like like I mean um and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we we we we we we we we we we have a strip Back Lean uh okay uh um so so okay okay like like like like like like like like like like podcast this week. So there so there so there so there so there so so so so so so so so so so there so there so there so there so there is no teacher development trusts section or or or or or or or or or or the usual podcast so I mean um uh you know uh so well um pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and books. They will return like like like like like like like like like like okay okay um okay well well so okay next week. So it's just stripped back to to to to to to to to to to feature me and the wonderful ormer Akbar you know um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well um like uh in conversation. And the reason for this strict back back back back back back back back back back podcast is that I'm recording especially so so so um well well so um um um um um um um um um um I mean early in the week this week because I have just been recording a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple of so so I mean I mean um um like so uh Epic podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do yeah, do yeah, do yeah, do yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, do yeah, do yeah, do yeah, do yeah, do yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, sometimes well, sometimes well, sometimes well, sometimes well, sometimes well, sometimes well, sometimes well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, sometimes well, sometimes well, sometimes um like you know I mean like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know you like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of Of Of Of Of Of Of Of Of Of course? Well, then we've well okay uh um okay so um well um got the the the the the the the the the the podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean uh like okay we try to find the line between philosophical and and and and and and and and and and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical well like so you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean so. Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know know know know know know know know know know. We're you know uh well you know so uh uh so well just kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay okay uh you know you know I mean so got a couple issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues issues with for we don't have a low blow but we don't uh um so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so you know uh have issues or just so we'll just just just just just just just just just just call it the Tim and Chris well I mean so uh so uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one one one one one one one one one one sounds better. We'll figure so um uh like well um uh okay like it out out out out out out out out out out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is our podcast well uh um um um um um um um um um um um like um okay um you know is first time something new just you know know know know know know know know know know had an idea one day like um well uh you know so okay you you you you you you you you you you know um so hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes we're going to like um you know um I mean okay I mean okay okay well well well well well well well well well well deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well try okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like I mean like well like you know to start a podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're like um like like like like like like like like like like um um uh you know okay you know going to talk about the gross margin margin margin margin margin margin margin margin margin margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid well um well um uh uh you you you you you you you you you you know uh well mode Model S and plasmid model X on Tesla by this is is is is is is is is is is something I'm so so I mean well well uh you know like well well well well well well well well well well really really excited about from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on well well well well well well well well well well so okay I mean like so okay well like this shout out to the third third third third third third third third third third row podcast. I came up the I mean um so okay okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean idea for this episode. We were just recording and we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about this new well you know you know okay you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so like uh track package that came out for the model 3. It's like a $5,500 $5,500 $5,500 $5,500 $5,500 $5,500 $5,500 $5,500 $5,500 $5,500 upgrade where I mean you know I mean like uh like um like like like like like like like like like like I mean you can basically get these really cool looking new tire. Hours for your your your your your your your your your your performance model you know okay uh so I mean um like well so 3 which already already already already already already already already already already cost 60 Grand and then you pay five and okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know well well you know well well so a half Grand more for these new tires tires tires tires tires tires tires tires tires tires and these brake pads which are uh you know I mean uh uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um geared to make it perform better on the track. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's gotten some awesome reviews like like well uh like um okay well um. So So So So So So So So So So that's a really cool thing. And I and I and I and I and I I I I I I I I I I and I and I and I and I and I was just thinking like wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, there's so well uh uh I mean well so um like I mean much much much much much much much much much much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all all all all all all all all all all of uh I mean um okay okay so well okay well these fancy new new new new new new new new new new features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla well you you you you you you you you you you know like well like you know well so well nerds would love and the track track track track track track track track track track package is one example, but what I think is an like well so you know well so so so so so so so so so so um uh you know even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock it's Brock it's Brock it's Brock it's Brock it's Brock it's Brock Brock Brock Brock Brock Brock Brock Brock Brock Brock it's Brock it's Brock it's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to be telling so I mean you know like um so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the it's the the the the the the the the the the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the the the the the the the the the the it's the best app to use uh I mean I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well so I mean for any type of podcast. It's free free free free free free free free free free. It's easy. You can use your phone okay I mean you know so uh well like like like like like like like like like like um um computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the the the the the the the the the the podcast, it doesn't like well uh well um you know okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast more more more more more more more more more more exposure and okay okay um okay uh okay so you know so to help help help help help help help help help help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need in um like well well well well well well well well well well uh you know well um so like one place and it is the the the the the the the the the the best platform to create. Any type of podcast I like you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like uh okay uh think this is episode 4. I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't know how many episodes I've done. This um okay um you know know know know know know know know know know like like okay um uh is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you you you you you you you you you you meet who? Yeah, I don't think well so so you know okay uh okay like like like like like like like like like like like anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about about about about about about about about about about like you know like you know you know um um okay so the combine that just just just just just just just just just just happened and how the Panthers are going to get you know so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um so I mean I mean the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when so so so so so so so so so so I mean um uh uh so okay well okay you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having Having Having Having Having Having Having Having Having Having a blast here today shows a good like uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well like you know um one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you you you you you you you you you you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have uh uh so like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the the the the the the the the the the New Orleans well like um uh okay okay like okay I mean Saints playoff game that that that that that that that that that that you would want to hear the answer from has a uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean um so okay well like so very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in in in in in in in in in in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation you know I mean um so so so so so so so so so so um um so so so that you could potentially want to hear about about about about about about about about about about life. We can't thank you enough you know um I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like uh so for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could could could could could could could could could could do a lot so you know like uh I mean um um uh okay of of of of of of of of of of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people say you okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh so like well you know well well shouldn't use Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips and more I use them. I use I use I use I use I use use use use use use use use use use I use I use I use I use I use Q-tips all the time time time time time time time time time time. I love you know um okay okay like well okay um well me too too too too too too too too too too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, you know um okay well um um I mean okay I mean though because because because because because because because because because because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push okay uh like like like like like like like like like like so uh okay uh you know well it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you have you have you have you have you have you have have have have have have have have have have you have you have you have you been looking for a way to start start start start start start start start start start a podcast? If so, well um so okay okay okay like you know um look no no no no no no no no no no further. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make so uh so so um you know okay you know so a podcast. Literally Literally Literally Literally Literally Literally Literally Literally Literally Literally it's free. There's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's no there's no there's no there's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay you know know know know know know know know know know okay so well you know um okay um like to host your content. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation tools that allows you to record and well so um um well well well well well well well well well well I mean like okay you know edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer an anchor will distribute your podcast like uh I mean well so uh you know know know know know know know know know know so okay for you. So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep Sleep Sleep Sleep Sleep Sleep Sleep Sleep Sleep Sleep host you know well like uh you know I mean well well you know know know know know know know know know know your RSS feed to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for for for for for for for for for for you uh like well so I mean okay well uh like and you can can can can can can can can can can make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything uh uh like like like like like like like like like like like like um okay well well that you want in a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place place. You have something to say well um um okay well okay so so um you you you you you you you you you you want to get it out. You want to write a note just upload so so so so so so so so so so you know like you know um so you know you know I mean and and and and and and and and and and turn on your anchor app on your phone and hit record and and and and and and and and and and save um you know so well I mean you know I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean notes to your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about so so so so so so so so so so I mean like so you know okay like uh like anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a okay okay well so um um um um um um um um um um okay you know like like hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your like you know okay uh um uh I mean um okay podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor so anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor so anchor so anchor so anchor so anchor so anchor so anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor so anchor so anchor so you know you know uh you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay we do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most most most most most most most most most most popular platforms, like uh you know well you know you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well I mean like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that that that that that that that that that that. You can okay well well you know so like I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make so um okay you know like okay well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot you know okay so okay okay you know um well like f m-- to get get get get get get get get get get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um well well like so that allows people like you and me to to to to to to to to to to invest our money in the more entertaining way you know you know so so so so so so so so so so so so you know you know well I mean. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a a a a a a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a photographer by the day, but I well um so like so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know uh okay make most of my money by flipping cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards cards and this show I'll be sitting like well so so okay uh um uh um down down down down down down down down down down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the well I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know like uh okay you know lessons. I've learned I've learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back back back back back back back back back back okay so uh okay I mean you know like so okay to the show. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few few few few few few few few few few days. I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my guarantee guarantee guarantee guarantee guarantee guarantee guarantee guarantee guarantee guarantee but you know you know like well uh um uh okay so like buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid Bhai. I'm okay you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know well well so like so promo. Anabolic Valley can just just just just just just just just just just use our code. That's KU Z AZ and me you know you know well you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean okay um okay honking honking meaning in a script to to to to to to to to to to get the full code. Just listen okay okay I mean um um well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and and and and and and and and and and you're listening I mean okay I mean like so so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here well well well well well well well well well well uh uh like so okay so you know so with us on good good good good good good good good good good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka uh well so so so so so so so so so so okay like you know uh okay um bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris Iris Iris Iris Iris Iris Iris Iris Iris Iris and this is huge and you're listening um um uh so uh okay well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting uh I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know so okay okay you know so down the top 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's you know I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um like like I mean well uh event comes to us from 1992. When the Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little League World Series Was Won by an well okay um okay well so um so so so so so so so so so so um Unstoppable group of youths from the Philippines. It was it was it was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was a team that captivated the okay okay well um okay like well like so so so so so so so so so so world until deceptions of age and geography came to light and changed everything for more so so so so so so so so so so well I mean um you know like um um um shocking sports events from history tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune tune in right here. Day to our March you know I mean well I mean you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like okay uh Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you get your podcasts. The Little well well I mean okay I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I mean well like League World Series is perhaps the most well-known event in international international international international international international international international international international Youth Sports and while it um well well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh well like well might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares you know know know know know know know know know know um so I mean like okay so I mean okay some 91 over your life life life life life life life life life life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God so you know so like so so so so so so so so so so you know like okay you know plead the blood of Jesus that if the virus is is is is is is is is is is a wave around um okay like well well okay well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and tries to even come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk like like like like like like like like like like I mean so so like okay so well uh too much about did you hear this more more more more more more more more more more people are dying now and this I mean I mean I mean well so so so so so so so so so so okay okay okay I mean was happening is coming close some of already coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming to India. I don't know okay okay like um so I mean like well so so so so so so so so so so whether it's going to come to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean um uh okay uh so well is that it kicked out out out out out out out out out out of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on on on on on on on on on on come on come on come on come on come on come on come on come come come come come come come come come come on come on into your life. Nobody. None of none of none of none none none none none none none none none none of none of none of none of none of none of none of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney College podcast. I'm so so like you know um uh uh so like here here here here here here here here here here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on this this this this this this this this this this well uh like I mean well well uh so I mean episode we are man man man man man man man man man man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of diving. All uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh all uh all uh all uh all uh all uh all uh all uh all all all all all all all all all all uh all uh so uh uh um so well so so right into it it it it it it it it it it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have a feeling I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well I mean like um okay like like that this is going to to to to to to to to to to be a serious. So we'll call it vol 1 but like I mean like like like like like like like like like like well um okay like um so cat you want to so who were your roommates and and and and and and and and and and what happened? Okay, so like uh okay so well well well um uh I extended extended extended extended extended extended extended extended extended extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I so I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so well um like like I mean just what would that look look look look look look look look look look like? Well, this well, this well, this well, this well, this well, this well, this this this this this this this this this this well, this well, this well, this is a very small part of what well like like like like like like like like like like I mean like you know you know I mean like so we are talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus the coronavirus the the the the the the the the the the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus the coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus is you know like um well well so uh okay okay the Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in in in in in in in in in in I mean okay well you know okay so um uh well some detail from a a a a a a a a a a bit of a different angle. All in all in all in all in all in in in in in in in in in in all in all in all in all in all in this episode I want like like like like like like like like like like um okay well like I mean I mean um well to talk less about about about about about about about about about about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial well well you know know know know know know know know know know you know uh okay you know um you know emotional maybe economic impact just the overall overall overall overall overall overall overall overall overall overall impact. This is having on well everyone like so okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh so well before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother yeah, brother yeah, brother yeah, brother yeah, brother yeah, brother yeah, brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother yeah, brother yeah, brother yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey who hey who hey who hey who hey who hey who hey who who who who who who who who who who hey who hey who this is? Give me give me give me give me give give give give give give give give give give me give me give me give me give me give me P um you you you you you you you you you you know so like so I mean okay well okay frog. Hey guys, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's like I mean well so okay I I I I I I I I I I mean okay I mean like called ammo no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I I I I I I I I I I have rediscovered frickin okay um like okay um well you know okay uh 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s 90s rap brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This This This This This This This This This This like this like this like this like this like this like this like this like like like like like like like like like like this like this like so you know well um well I mean um so one's one's one's one's one's one's one's one's one's one's for you man. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know not to go off off off off off off off off off off topic here. Oh um um well uh um uh like um um guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, welcome to the Moa. No photo show. We are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that talks mostly um like well okay so so you know um I mean photography, but but but but but but but but but but also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were okay um so so so so so so so so so so uh okay um like well well a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No No No No No No No No No No. No we'd be so don't um like I mean well uh well I mean you you you you you you you you you you know well get enough social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be be be be be be be be be be this gangster well you know like well I mean like like um so rap. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've never I've never I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty I'm pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pretty I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes whipping okay well so I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well I mean okay uh down the plains and up until recently that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's about what I knew of like you know uh like okay uh like uh um it it it it it it it it it it. But now but now but now but now but now but now but now but but but but but but but but but but now but now but now I know it's also the ancestral home of two two two two two two two two two two warring American factions um okay uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature literature literature literature literature literature literature literature literature literature. I'm you know so okay I mean you know so okay um uh your host host host host host host host host host host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it I so so so so so so so so so so uh well you know uh okay like you know like mention it on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me today is okay well uh like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um I mean well writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are how are how how how how how how how how how how are how are how are how are how are how are how are how how how how how how how how how how are you today? I am really good. I'm really so so like I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um uh good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr. Maggie um so um like so uh well I mean okay Perry. I'm a a a a a a a a a a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the you know know know know know know know know know know like well um so uh you know uh I mean founder of of of of of of of of of of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome anxiety I mean um like so well um okay like well obsessive compulsive disorder mood mood mood mood mood mood mood mood mood mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as we share okay like well so so so so so so so so so so I mean so I mean like okay real sessions with actual clients that that that that that that that that that that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety um you know okay I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well you know okay I mean OCD mood disorders and stress will will will will will will will will will will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like you know so like I mean like like like like like like like like like like uh so okay like and feels like will follow our guests as they they they they they they they they they they overcome their biggest fears uh I mean um I mean like so I mean well well well well well well well well well well um and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a a a a a a a a a a rich full and like uh um um uh well I mean so um meaningful life life life life life life life life life life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and well well well well well well well well well well uh well um like um you know uh so reinforce what clients do well to to to to to to to to to to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their okay uh like um um um um um um um um um um um uh well uh well stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey there, hey there, hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a a a a a a a a a a space dedicated to Rio help so um so well okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me join join join join join join join join join join me join me join me join me join me join me join me me me me me me me me me me join me join me Maria Sosa of you know uh I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well um so you know uh holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining redefining redefining redefining redefining redefining redefining redefining redefining redefining and exploring um I mean so so I mean so you know um you you you you you you you you you you know Health through the mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is she she she she she she she she she she is she is she is she is she is she is she is she is she is is is is is is is is is is um you know well I mean uh okay uh okay I mean an author Wellness Wellness Wellness Wellness Wellness Wellness Wellness Wellness Wellness Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on so you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean I mean so okay well well helping others find their their their their their their their their their their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um um well um trust without shame. She is the magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon okay so well so uh like I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so soul and my all-time favorite the today I affirm Journal which which which which which which which which which which I have to like you know so uh well so you know uh well be be be be be be be be be be honest has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think so so so so so so so so so so um I mean well so so well okay um fags. When big when big big big big big big big big big big when big when big when big when big when big when big when big big big big big big big big big big when big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well okay so uh well I mean like DJ Scream big Bankers his his his his his his his his his his time for another edition of big fashion big bank you know well you know so so so so so so so so so so I mean um so you know well. We got family in the building y'all nudity nudity nudity nudity nudity nudity nudity nudity nudity nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome um okay like like I mean so you you you you you you you you you you know um like. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha you know um okay like like okay so uh um ha. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's a conversation. This ain't this ain't this ain't this ain't this ain't this ain't this this this this this this this this this this ain't this ain't this ain't this ain't no interview. I think this is just just just just just just just just just just a so like uh uh uh like so so you know conversation. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why okay uh well so so so so so so so so so so you know you know you know well you know don't women man talk real real real real real real real real real real talk, but one thing you got to do we so okay so so like um um um um um um um um um um so I mean you know know you're going to do is just addition is swear swear swear swear swear swear swear swear swear swear that you going to you know so like so okay I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay tell the truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast tradition I mean so well uh so so you know I mean okay. Can you you you you you you you you you you do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last time I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know so I mean you know okay uh so we talked it it it it it it it it it it was just just just talking about you and wrapping and being okay you you you you you you you you you you know so well so well like I mean like Rapper and how you like you you you you you you you you you you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you know okay you you you you you you you you you you know okay so so I mean okay like you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today today today today today today today today today today like you know I mean well okay you know you know okay you know. I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I I I I I I I I I I like okay uh uh I mean um well well okay met let's see here probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's so uh um like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know okay uh hard to believe that now we always shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared shared interest in all things Natural Health uh so you know like um well well well well well well well well well well well well um. All of that kind of thing usually is what we would talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about when um I mean uh you know uh I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um like we get together. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't okay uh I mean like so I mean you know um you know chatted chatted chatted chatted chatted chatted chatted chatted chatted chatted in a while, but it was really great to record this episode. She has well well well well well well well well well well okay okay uh um like um um so spent the last several years studying herbs. Actually, she she she she she she she she she she actually, she actually, she actually, she actually, she actually, she actually, she actually, she she she she she she she she she she actually, she actually, she was already pretty into it whenever like I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean okay I mean I mean I met her and she she she she she she she she she she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to you know know know know know know know know know know you know well I mean so like like like you know share some of of of of of of of of of of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I so um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know okay um I mean um like have to apologize that I I I I I I I I I I have not figured out yet, which I need to do okay so well um uh um um um um um um um um um um so well okay before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we truly believe that the the the the the the the the the the best of you are those uh so like you know okay um well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am am am am am am am am am am. And we are your like you know I mean you know um like so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with with with with with with with with with with taboo. Welcome I mean I mean um like um okay uh okay okay to to to to to to to to to to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can smell smell smell smell smell smell smell smell smell smell it uh like um you know like so okay so um the weekends weekends weekends weekends weekends weekends weekends weekends weekends weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the weekends for um um um um um um um um um um uh well so um you know um like well the freaks. Before I before before before before before before before before before before I before I before I before I before I before I before I before I I I I I I I I I I before I get into this week's episode. I just want to so um um um um um um um um um um okay uh okay uh like you know um tell you that this Friday March the 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th. I will be in Iowa City okay so uh well well like um like well well well well well well well well well well at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so um um like um will be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both both both both both both both both both both of those shows are on the so well I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so so so you know E - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really really really really really really really really really really so uh so so like uh okay okay you know excited to play play play play play play play play play play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk well you know know know know know know know know know know okay well like like uh like like about fucking up and why it's okay to to to to to to to to to to fuck up. Let's get into this like so you know well you know okay so um um um um um um um um um um I mean week's episode. Are the podcast and the intro song this week is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually a uh uh okay well I mean you know um uh um song that a a a a a a a a a a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works works works works works works works works works works hard okay you know I mean you know like I mean like uh okay towards Ascension Ascension Ascension Ascension Ascension Ascension Ascension Ascension Ascension Ascension. So you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I I I I I I I I I I am well well okay like so um like um you know joined by terrie Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the you know uh like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay uh dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before before before before before before before before before before we do, I thought it um I mean you know like okay um well well well well well well well well well well well like might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am like uh like okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh uh doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the like okay like uh okay uh like okay okay woo Kang now now now now now now now now now now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean um um okay you know you know you know about the Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they well okay you you you you you you you you you you know um well you know like well so take it where he takes 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 pages of material and talks about that for uh okay uh um you know know know know know know know know know know so well uh I mean two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made made made made made made made made made made was I forgot that I mean so I mean uh um um well well so so so so so so so so so so Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the the the the the the the the the the same time. So like okay you know okay so so uh uh well I'm like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, let's figure out a time to record what will be good and okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh um okay like like okay I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time time time time time time time time time time sounds good and I work backwards and like I can like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um okay okay uh uh okay wake up at that point you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about about about about about about about about about about the so well um okay so um like um okay world of True Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the like so I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh you know you know most notorious subjects every week in addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition to your normal con artists episode. We're so uh uh okay you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network Network so you know I mean I mean uh uh okay you know uh. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help um um um um um um um um um um um uh um you know well um uh I mean us explore ideas. Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like like like like like like like like like like ideas, like ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um so so so like like Crime world really is you can find these original original original original original original original original original original episodes for free on Spotify or well like like I mean like um uh so so so so so so so so so so well wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used used used used used used used used used used will be posted okay you know you know I mean um um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back back back back back back back back back back we're back we're back we're back we're back we're back we're back we're back back back back back back back back back back we're back we're back with an I mean like um um so you know okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few few few few few few few few few few weeks like so okay okay like uh uh okay I mean in new cases of of of of of of of of of of the virus have been going up and up as of right uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well you know um you know okay uh now. There are more more more more more more more more more more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the virus you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like um um like um has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 70 countries now affected and you know uh you know I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well you know we're starting to feel it here in the US just this this this this this this this this this this week the World like you know well you know okay like like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines you you you you you you you you you you know um um well I mean okay well you know like saying that it's killing killing killing killing killing killing killing killing killing killing Three point four percent of the people who get it worldwide well I mean well so so so so so so so so so so like like like so you know. So just how worried should you be the start start start start start start start start start start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is so so so so so so so so so so okay like I mean like I mean like so um based on Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things like okay um um so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know like going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the the the the the the the the the the celebrity for them like uh well so so you know um uh um to discuss failings failings failings failings failings failings failings failings failings failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career okay okay I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like you know I mean well uh showing how much you can grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, uh um I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um you know you know I mean okay my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer officer officer officer officer officer officer officer officer officer at mha and I'm the host for um well okay like you know know know know know know know know know know uh um um well this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with with with with with with with with with with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life so so so so so so so so so so so like um um okay like well uh. I'm Hazel. I love tennis. I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate I hate I hate I hate I hate I hate I hate I hate I I I I I I I I I I hate I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy well well uh I I I I I I I I I I mean so um I mean like you know monologues. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to monster are aesthetically point one well so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean like um I mean. Monster RX monster RX monster RX monster RX monster monster monster monster monster monster monster monster monster monster RX monster RX monster RX monster RX monster RX monster RX 93.1 and good good good good good good good good good good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so uh um I mean you know so uh well Queen Hazel. And so and so so so so so so so so so so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and and and and and and and and and and so he's chilling at home. Please send please send please send please send send send send send send send send send send please send please send please send please send please send please send her her her her her her her her her her some well wishes. Say hi so um so you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well like well. Hope she's hope she's hope she's hope she's hope she's hope she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's hope she's hope she's hope she's hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure like like like like like like like like like like uh like um well um well well um as hell should by now sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you well uh well like like like like like like like like like like like well so I mean you know here today. We are rocking and and and and and and and and and and rolling. That's Grace that's Grace that's Grace that's Grace that's Grace that's Grace that's Grace Grace Grace Grace Grace Grace Grace Grace Grace Grace that's Grace that's Grace that's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well you know uh um uh well on the ones and twos twos twos twos twos twos twos twos twos twos and the man the solution to our audio that is you know okay like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean I mean I mean um I mean Tyler on the dice dice dice dice dice dice dice dice dice dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after so so so so so so so so so so so okay well uh uh like I mean um Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know know know know know know know know know know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang uh um well you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay so right with us here time to pay the bills just to let let let let let let let let let let you folks I mean well uh I mean um like okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a a a a a a a a a a uh you know I mean like I mean well like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean thing of the past. This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is their third generation trimmer featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring Advanced Skin like so well um I mean so so I mean okay safe technology. So you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so you so you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of of of of of of of of of of I mean um like um you know you know you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals criminals imprisoned there with well well I mean like so so so um okay a worst of of of of of of of of of of the worst many of them were there for Life others for um uh um so um um um um um um um um um um I mean so um so death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the the the the the the the the the the lives of a hundred and forty like like okay uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh well three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow grow far I mean um um um you know okay um well you know know know know know know know know know know greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on death you you you you you you you you you you know so um uh uh I mean well I mean so row in 1921 who who who who who who who who who who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who uh um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so you know like I mean is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers co-workers co-workers co-workers co-workers co-workers co-workers co-workers co-workers co-workers in a violent rage. He was well so so so you know uh uh so so so so so so so so so so well granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one um like uh I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so so so well. Maybe it's the reason you don't talk to an old friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend or one of your parents uh uh okay uh so you know well you know well well well well well well well well well well anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases. It's uh you know um um well well I mean well um even more more more more more more more more more more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um you know I mean um like even been the cheater, but no you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've you've never cheated and you never um so well uh uh well you know well well well well well well well well well well well will. It right after all you're in a good relationship and the thought of of of of of of of of of of well so like okay you know like like um well betraying your current partner seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick okay um okay well so well well well well well well well well well well you know so I mean or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us us us us us us us us us us I mean okay you know uh so well I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description description description description description description description description description description below well you know I mean okay um okay like you know um. Thank you you you you you you you you you you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / Petty Petty Petty Petty Petty Petty Petty Petty Petty Petty you know uh you know I mean like you know you know um um um um um um um um um um well Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those those those those those those those those those those who dared I mean so well you know uh uh like you know okay to to to to to to to to to to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your well well well well well well well well well well well um well um uh so okay okay forced. I'm out. So this happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened happened to me years ago to the details I mean um uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay so you know may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I I I I I I I I I I was in Middle School. My brother I mean okay well uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like well so I mean was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go go go go go go go go go go into the Navy so you know like I mean um like you know I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all all all all all all all all all all the new recruits you know you know um okay like so like well you know know know know know know know know know know to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again again again again again again again again again again I mean you know okay well um uh well I mean you know is after after after after after after after after after after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I like well well well well well well well well well well um I mean so um uh okay uh love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce you know uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh you know you know okay like and I'm here with my co-host. Her name name name name name name name name name name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh I mean um well I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so I mean. Basically, this is the first episode of our And we basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically the end. Oh like um I mean so so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um I mean my God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that is that is is is is is is is is is is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD I'm JD I'm JD I'm JD I'm JD I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm JD I'm JD I'm JD I'm JD I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to see okay so well well you know um like like you know and be be be be be be be be be be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing the well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh I mean well um creative like not just as individuals but but but but but but but but but but also as a community will also talk about what it's well so um um um um um um um um um um you know you know okay well well like like to express ourselves and share stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories through our respective creative Fields. Also the um I mean well um I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists artists on this podcast okay you know um you know like you know so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure to check check check check check check check check check check um you know I mean so I mean you know uh well so us out every every every every every every every every every every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about about about about about about about about about about so so I mean you know uh well well okay you know gold. Go touch an intraday intraday intraday intraday intraday intraday intraday intraday intraday intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars so uh uh um so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know I mean I mean per ounce in February. This This This This This This This This This This is a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 January okay so so so so so so so so so so well uh um uh okay like uh 2013. The question of most people's minds right right right right right right right right right right now is can go beat his record high um well okay well so like well well well well well well well well well well well uh set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record record record record record record record record record record high of 1920 $117 so well so I mean okay uh like okay well. Has Has Has Has Has Has Has Has Has Has not Closed in his den, or at least until now. I think it is is is is is is is is is is well I mean okay like you know like well okay uh first important to understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand understand what drove prices to those sites in 2011. Let's take a well so I mean well well well well well well well well well well so I mean um um you know trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a a a a a a a a a a well like um so okay uh uh well okay lot of obstacles and these were the the the the the the the the the the business Mentor comes in with enough experience I mean uh so well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean okay I mean okay experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide you join me as I go uh uh well so so uh well well well well well well well well well well well so along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met met met met met met met met met met the business uh so you know you know I mean um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh mentor? Hey, have hey, have hey, have hey, have hey, have hey, have have have have have have have have have have hey, have hey, have hey, have hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F F F F F F F F F F m-- you know, when I okay you know so well okay um well well you know know know know know know know know know know began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how how how how how how how how how how to so um okay okay um well you know you know uh do it in in in in in in in in in in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so uh uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay um I mean like much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My My My My My My My My My My name is uh I mean you know I mean you know like um so so so so so so so so so so like Luke. I'm with I'm with I'm with I'm with I'm with I'm with I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm with I'm with I'm with I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't say the thing, which what you know um uh so um well uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you just like like like like like like like like like like uh you know um I mean you know like okay um um um um um um um um um um skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why you you you you you you you you you you know okay so so like okay like like I mean would I say this if if if if if if if if if if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know you know um like I mean you know um have a guest one thinking ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the like um well you know know know know know know know know know know well well uh um I mean guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No No No No No No No No No No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be okay I mean um so well well well well well well well well well well well uh you know you know nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We We We We We We We We We We got a great show for um well um um I mean you know um so well well well well well well well well well well you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today you know know know know know know know know know know well you know uh like like I mean you know uh. We'll The Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage if that's me. I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, or will the Savage on on on on on on on on on on this you know well well uh okay okay um uh uh chord? That's great great great great great great great great great great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update two um like you you you you you you you you you you know well you know I mean I mean well like episodes in we not the the the the the the the the the the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say say say say say say say say say say I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say we're at four I I I I I I I I I I mean like so like I mean you know okay okay um dollars 48 cents cents cents cents cents cents cents cents cents cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars and was a I mean well well well well well well well well well well okay like you know like uh so well $5. That's the that's the that's the that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the that's the point point point point point point point point point point that I think we can probably Go to the dollar store so okay okay well well well well well well well well well well you know so well um um almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball well I mean you know uh like well well well well well well well well well well you know well uh or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not not not not not not not not not not like a beef stick or this well um like okay okay okay like um um um um um um um um um um like that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart dart dart dart dart dart dart dart dart dart for okay okay um well uh you know well well uh the Marlboro Man Man Man Man Man Man Man Man Man Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the most packed episode we've so okay well well well well well well well well well well well well so so um okay ever had that's cool. It's cool five for the the the the the the the the the the boy likes five people what I mean so like uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know like well okay could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time time time time time time time time time time it's time it's time it's time it's time for Chompers your morning and and and and and and and and and and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week like I mean um I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like like well and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from from from from from from from from from from history start brushing um like okay so uh uh um uh um on the the the the the the the the the the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way to to to to to to to to to to okay I mean um you know you know um well uh like the molars in the the the the the the the the the the back three. Today we're today we're today we're today we're today we're today we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're today we're today we're today we're today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped discover you know like okay so uh so I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name was was was was was was was was was was Rosalind Franklin so so like okay so well um uh I mean. Rosalind. Franklin was was was was was was was was was was curious about science as a young girl. She grew up in London uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean you know um I mean like uh in the 1930s 1930s 1930s 1930s 1930s 1930s 1930s 1930s 1930s 1930s and went to one of the only schools that taught well so uh so so so so so so so so so so um um um uh uh women about science when Rosalind was a teenager teenager teenager teenager teenager teenager teenager teenager teenager teenager she decided she wanted to be a uh I mean so you know like I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean you know And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is is is is is is is is is is well I mean okay you know okay okay okay uh so our podcast. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted I wanted I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires well uh like like well well uh um okay you hope it builds your faith faith faith faith faith faith faith faith faith faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God uh so um well you know know know know know know know know know know okay um okay I mean is moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So So So So So So So So So So thankful that you're here I mean I mean well you know like like like like like like like like like like um well um I mean today and I am going to go ahead I normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally have you stand to read uh okay I mean uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you know so uh like the scripture is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and and and and and and and and and and we'll take uh okay I mean you know okay uh so like um it slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow slow. God bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean okay like okay I mean Acts chapter 11. This sermon will probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last um like so you know know know know know know know know know know like well you know I mean uh night. The Lord showed up. I I I I I I I I I I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I I I I I I I I I I thought I thought I thought he did till nobody said there was well well well well well well well well well well well okay like like so well well I mean here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and thank you for for for for for for for for for for listening to this audio you know okay um so well I mean well okay well well well well well well well well well well podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean uh like well uh you know like online community of artists and and and and and and and and and and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online uh uh so uh I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know so like for us to talk about which is why why why why why why why why why why both our tagline for phenomenology club and the um so uh okay um um um um um um um um um um um um um well subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these these these these these these these these these these uploads are originally stream um you know well so uh well okay well well live live live live live live live live live live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting with those as they happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen you know like so I mean well well like okay like live, please go subscribe and turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn turn on the notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh okay you know you know I mean in general to learn more about about about about about about about about about about our club what we do and how you can become I mean well um uh you you you you you you you you you you know okay like okay so a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I I I I I I I I I I mean like so you know so okay uh so um wanted to take a a a a a a a a a a brief moment today to let you know about the you know okay uh so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay I mean easiest way possible to start your very own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Some of the more important aspects are so uh so you know I mean so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well actually having a service to host and distribute the show show show show show show show show show show as well as I mean um I mean well uh you know okay I I I I I I I I I I mean okay software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually paid money to host the uh okay like like well like okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different different different different different different different different different different I mean like uh so well like um okay you know software as I I I I I I I I I I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me uh well you know know know know know know know know know know um well uh uh okay I mean everything we need to record host and Ribbit Ribbit Ribbit Ribbit Ribbit Ribbit Ribbit Ribbit Ribbit Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer um I mean you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so okay like tablet or cell phone. Not only not only not only only only only only only only only only only not only not only not only not only not only not only not only that that that that that that that that that that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make uh so okay like you know know know know know know know know know know well like uh well money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your your your your your your your your your your own podcast, you better I mean so well so so um well okay you you you you you you you you you you know be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all um so so so so so so so so so so so um uh uh you know so um know that the dead ass girls park park park park park park park park park park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors I mean well I mean like well you you you you you you you you you you know um well uh it easiest way to make a podcast and they give give give give give give give give give give you everything you need you know well well well I mean like uh like like like like like like like like like like like in one place for free. That's right. They give it to you for for for for for for for for for for free, but I mean uh uh so well uh uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know you can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation so uh okay I mean you know okay uh I mean okay tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound um um um um um um um um um um like like um um um uh like okay popping. They also they also they also also also also also also also also also also they also they also they also they also they also they also they also will will will will will will will will will will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass well well well well well well well well well well um um like um uh you know uh like family like we do you can be be be be be be be be be be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google you know so um well you know like so I I I I I I I I I I mean okay podcast and many more. You can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can you can you can also make make make make make make make make make make a little bit of Ching from I mean well well I mean well you you you you you you you you you you know okay like so your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app app app app app app app app app app or go to I mean so uh well uh so like so so Anchor that FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like well you know well you know like like fond farewell at at at at at at at at at at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar like well uh so so so so so so so so so so so well uh um like. Amy Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on on on on on on on on on on some level endeared herself to me. I uh okay well uh um okay so um um um um um um um um um um I mean mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with with with with with with with with with with her, she wasn't particularly viable you know okay I mean uh um so so so so so so so so so so uh um you know as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between between between between between between between between between between okay so I mean you know so okay I mean uh I mean Peaks Peaks Peaks Peaks Peaks Peaks Peaks Peaks Peaks Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well so like like well holler Mullins. I am here. This is our our our our our our our our our our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're uh we're uh we're uh we're uh we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're uh we're uh we're uh we're uh we're uh we're uh I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean um like I mean going to go back back back back back back back back back back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I so so well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean you know like you know well thought this was a a a a a a a a a a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like so so so so so so so so so so um so well I mean like I mean uh um there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around I mean well well well well well well well well well well well you know you know well so I mean so the sustainable development goals in the the the the the the the the the the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James like okay like so okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh and Kevin here to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you you you you you you you you you you enjoyed today's STG I mean like okay um so I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean talks podcast. Planning for planning for planning for planning for planning for for for for for for for for for for planning for planning for planning for planning for planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and and and and and and and and and and probably another 10 years to like okay well I mean you know um like so so so so so so so so so so well actually build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay like um so um uh uh for a population 25 years years years years years years years years years years later and you know similar to what many things I mean well I mean uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh well happen in the world. We usually plan something for the present present present present present present present present present present and then it doesn't I mean um well okay so well uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean end up working out for object data is currently a PhD student student student student student student student student student student at the University uh like I mean like I mean um you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering engineering engineering engineering engineering engineering engineering engineering engineering engineering with I mean you know you know you know um so uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean a thesis around the water energy Nexus. This is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check check check check check check check check check check out our show notes, you know um um well well like um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean so three years. I started listening to you and and and and and and and and and and I was in a transitional phase um I mean um okay well like so so so so so so so so so so you know you know and I had a dream to start a business and and and and and and and and and and I had been had that I mean okay okay well you know uh you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean dream for about 15 years and I think it was was was was was was was was was was in my vibrational escrow and okay like like uh you know okay uh uh uh I I I I I I I I I I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a really so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like like well so um high profile job, and I did and I I I I I I I I I I started a business. And for two years, uh well I mean I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so I mean I worked hard to get it off the ground and I I I I I I I I I I was more lying than like um okay I mean uh um you know uh well well well well well well well well well well I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And I got so like like like like like like like like like like well so uh you know you know uh uh I mean aligned and the business started started started started started started started started started started and I got everything I wanted and more so so I mean okay well well uh like like like like like like like like like like so and it was huge and it launched in a way more than I I I I I I I I I I could have you know I mean I mean uh um okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean ever asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for for for for for for for for for for us in a you know I mean you know um okay uh you know I I I I I I I I I I mean like way that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody that you know, like you know okay you know I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know um so you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a a a a a a a a a a um okay you know uh um you know I mean um so conversation. You know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just uh um so so so so so so so so so so like like you know so okay like here to serve each other to get get get get get get get get get get this money and then we walking apart. So uh you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean I mean I mean it's like we're you can't even enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the success when you ask that question, you okay I mean um um okay um um um um um um um um um um uh uh like know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't think it was so um um so like okay um well I mean enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other like um um um um um um um um um um uh so uh well I mean well like. Meaningful ways to make you know, a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of us joke the Twitter can like so so okay okay like um um um um um um um um um um okay um be totally useless that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a a a a a a a a a a cesspool and um you know okay okay um um you know well uh blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm uh I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm uh I'm uh I mean so well like well you know okay like your your your your your your your your your your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today so today so today so today so so so so so so so so so so today so today so today so today so today so today we have so so so so so so so so so so I mean well well so you know so I mean okay TNT Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start uh you you you you you you you you you you know like well uh okay I mean well like doing so that you you you you you you you you you you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean okay so well uh well I mean. We have brought him him him him him him him him him him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed okay um okay I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so I mean you know you know power suit Tyler had have you seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week I mean uh um so you you you you you you you you you you know like um I mean like. Have you seen this type of soup come in in in in in in in in in in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think I mean like so so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um like it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's Obama's Obama's Obama's Obama's Obama's Obama's Obama's Obama's Obama's beige suit and a J.Crew model you know um I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like well like well. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is is is is is is is is is is dialed in and well you know like like so I mean so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob. It's well well well well well well well well well well it's well it's well it's well it's well it's well it's well it's well it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's well it's well you know um like okay so um so like little lapel, you you you you you you you you you you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you are and you know okay so like uh okay you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me me me me me me me me me me right like well I mean uh like um um so okay before my work shifts. So So So So So So So So So So well, so what we're going to do here again, we so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well okay um okay okay got a couple action-packed guests for you folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode of of of of of of of of of of the I mean I mean you know okay I mean you know okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My name name name name name name name name name name is KJ I um so uh like um um you know uh I mean said said said said said said said said said said I'll be your host and it's actually going to be a solo pod pod pod pod pod pod pod pod pod pod today uh well um well like um you know okay uh because the Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in a meeting and we like well like um um um um um um um um um um okay okay you know well like need to get you a preview. So we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to talk a lot about the okay like um so um well well um um um um um um um um um um uh Box first Lakers. A lot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot of people people people people people people people people people people consider this to be the biggest matchup um so so so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know uh well of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the Staples Center Center Center Center Center Center Center Center Center Center in Los Angeles so I mean uh well okay well you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so. We all know what happened last time the Box the Lakers played the Bucks got got got got got got got got got got like okay well uh okay okay you know uh you know them good at the Pfizer Pfizer Pfizer Pfizer Pfizer Pfizer Pfizer Pfizer Pfizer Pfizer form and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron well so I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you know like like you know um. This is what headline writers dream of and you you you you you you you you you you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to to to to to to to to to to talk about anchor I mean okay like well um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that is a you know you know uh okay so I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so good point and gives you everything you need in one place for for for for for for for for for for free and uh okay you know well I mean I mean uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can like like like like like like like like like like well so well well I mean uh I mean um record and edit and make everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything that you put down on your podcast sound as I mean like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so so so like good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that that that that that that that that that that you might have okay uh um like well okay like uh like recorded on on on on on on on on on on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can can can can can can can can can can so so you know so I mean okay you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can you can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can you can make easy like I mean well so um um well you you you you you you you you you you know like money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with with with with with with with with with with anchor right? uh okay like so you know well you know okay like No minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- well well well well well well well well well well okay you know so like uh so like I mean right now now now now now now now now now now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls girls would be uh so like well um okay um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime. Pearl so so so so so so so so so so pearl so pearl so pearl so pearl so pearl so pearl so pearl so so so so so so so so so so pearl so pearl so so like I mean okay so you know so uh was was was was was was was was was was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a so so um um um um um um um um um um um so I mean I mean okay like husband and children Pearl was reaching reaching reaching reaching reaching reaching reaching reaching reaching reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile um okay you know you you you you you you you you you you know so um you know you know like bicycle Journey despite the chill of of of of of of of of of of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as okay you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so I mean you know well she peddles along the share river in France France France France France France France France France France her bike kicked up dust as she squeezed well I mean like um like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so okay the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came came came came came came came came came came into view uh uh I mean okay okay you know like I I I I I I I I I I mean uh German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple that bridge well like like I mean well you know uh uh well was the fastest fastest fastest fastest fastest fastest fastest fastest fastest fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready get ready get ready get ready get ready get ready get ready get get get get get get get get get get ready get ready get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your your your your your your your your your your morning and night well well so I mean okay okay um um uh toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little well well well well well well well well well well you know um okay you know like um uh like circles all the way way way way way way way way way way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking well I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay like um well about a courageous woman from a a a a a a a a a a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene like I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um I mean um well uh like. Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group group group group group group group group group group of people they're called the well um uh okay um um okay so like like like like like like like like like like palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that island island island island island island island island island island and tricking Nene so uh you know I mean you know you know um um um um um um um um um um okay uh was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side side side side side side side side side side of the top you know um you know uh so okay um so okay of your your your your your your your your your your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was the the the the the the the the the the daughter uh I mean uh well I mean so so well so of a leader leader leader leader leader leader leader leader leader leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on like you know know know know know know know know know know you know you know um I mean I mean um I mean. Well, it's the the the the the the the the the the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh you know um okay like like uh going to be under under under under under under under under under under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this okay you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um uh okay okay is I think the first time ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever right we able to combine everybody okay I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know like you know you know I mean so together and it's awesome. Right? So while while while while while while while while while while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going to so like like so like like like like like like like like like like um okay well um be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be be be be be be be be be be a salon? um like okay so okay like so I mean well Because Because Because Because Because Because Because Because Because Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We really Mega excited uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay you know uh uh so um I mean about that that that that that that that that that that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to tell us like all um um um um um um um um um um well uh so uh you know well well I mean the details because schedule acidity in in in in in in in in in in the very schedule is City way, they're uh you know uh um um so like like like like like like like like like like uh uh going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, they're going to give away a you know uh I mean you know so you you you you you you you you you you know well okay okay ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want want want want want want want want want want to give us all you know well like I mean you know like you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so so so so so so so so so so I'm so excited schedule well well I mean um okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so well is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can anyone can anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone can anyone can anyone can anyone can anyone can anyone can anyone can anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea you you you you you you you you you you know like so like well um uh I mean well how we do it here here here here here here here here here here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f um uh well you you you you you you you you you you know um uh uh I mean I mean m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast too many many different platforms. There's you know I mean I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh um so creation tools to allowed you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit podcast right from your you know okay so okay well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh like phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download the you know well well so okay you know so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig you know know know know know know know know know know so um okay um well well uh so Master jigs when in doubt get get get get get get get get get get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and like so like like so you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh like use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off off off off off off off off off off your next gig order uh well uh I mean okay um like so so so so so so so so so so you know today. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment segment segment segment segment segment segment segment segment segment where we um you know you know uh so I mean so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay try to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so like um okay like you know like office is right now and and and and and and and and and and every time he needs to make a change she okay uh well like so so so so so so so so so so um like like I mean has to run across the room. Like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen like I mean like like like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk punk rock revolutionary sort of well okay well you know I mean you know um well well well well well well well well well well like in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay well so I mean okay okay so to write. You have a a a a a a a a a a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system like so you know you you you you you you you you you you know um like I mean you know uh inside. Of it and you have have have have have have have have have have to pull out boogers to get it to start like um um um um um um um um um um um um um um well so so recording. Right? Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy sloppy pizza and I do need uh uh like well um like okay well you you you you you you you you you you know to dig around in there and then I do get if I say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, say, you know, if um uh uh okay I mean I mean like like I I I I I I I I I I mean I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at at at at at at at at at at me and I well so okay so like um so um I mean hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a a a a a a a a a a lot of I mean okay well um so you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was was was was was was was was was was here set up. Like actually like actually like actually like actually like actually like actually like actually like actually like actually like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host host host host host host host host host host okay you know uh well okay okay uh well uh future and I'm here with with with with with with with with with with a guest today Dover. He's from he's from he's from he's from he's from he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's from he's from he's from he's from he's from the skirt well uh um uh like like like like like like like like like like well um you know you know and he's going to join us for for for for for for for for for for the ride on the first ever episode of you know um um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh uh you know Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing today? like so um uh uh I mean well um okay Didn't well can't complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like um you know like I mean good to just come back and and and and and and and and and and relax at home. All right, so What do you well like um um like like like like like like like like like like you know um so um think the goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have have have have have have have have have have no idea. Let me let uh um uh like like okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like me let me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So So So So So So So So So So basically so basically so basically so basically so basically so basically so basically so basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically so basically so basically it did uh um well um you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like so um start out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord Discord Discord Discord Discord Discord Discord Discord Discord Discord server bunch of well like like I mean uh so so so you you you you you you you you you you know people were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like like like like like like like like like like podcast okay um I mean you know like I mean uh well uh and and and and and and and and and and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure um uh I I I I I I I I I I mean um um so okay uh I mean you follow your favorite podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um you know okay so well you know you become a premium user user user user user user user user user user you can download the episode so you can listen um I mean okay okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well like to them offline like I do when you're on a plane plane plane plane plane plane plane plane plane plane or wherever you're traveling you know I mean um um you know well you know well well well well well well well well well well uh and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If If If If If If If If If If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you haven't well well so um um okay um uh okay done done done done done done done done done done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D D D D D D D D D D. Km/h like uh so so like well you know well you know or browse podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said lethargy said lethargy said lethargy said lethargy said lethargy lethargy lethargy lethargy lethargy lethargy lethargy lethargy lethargy lethargy said lethargy said lethargy said lethargy said lethargy said in head of sand pop well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh so like you know you know um well it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so uh okay well uh um I mean a regular Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had I I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay like well like you know I mean you know some shit on on on on on on on on on on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well so okay uh uh you know of which is the fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact that I have literally not had a job for the well well um you you you you you you you you you you know well so like I mean well past. Really long time and like my adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult life probably aside from like a gig well you know like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know like so well you know here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother mother and my bank I mean I mean like like um okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's for for for for for for for for for for a few like okay like okay okay well so well uh reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know like I mean so I mean like uh the unknown only only only only only only only only only only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it so like well like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean I mean like um hand you stop and turn and see the the the the the the the the the the harmless dancing shadows in your wake uh well okay like um uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It It It It It It It It It It must have been your imagination so well I mean well I mean well well well well well well well well well well uh so I mean. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic display in uh I mean okay you know so okay um okay I mean El Clasico Clasico Clasico Clasico Clasico Clasico Clasico Clasico Clasico Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes them I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so um you know you know like like um back to the top in in in in in in in in in in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game game game game game game game game game game. Let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 2 of East End talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks today. We'll um we'll um we'll um we'll um we'll um we'll um we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll um we'll um we'll um we'll um so well uh uh uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean like talk about a few things that actually had conversations with some of of of of of of of of of of you over last week you know um like well um like you know so I I I I I I I I I I mean and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I I I I I I I I I I not so well I mean so I mean like uh well okay posting the the the the the the the the the the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple reason okay I mean so uh well like um like okay really I just want want want want want want want want want want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know I know I know I know I I I I I I I I I I know I know I know I know I know I know you guys have have have have have have have have have have okay like I mean okay you know uh you know I mean like certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are days that okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um you know well you know you know uh you can make it and and and and and and and and and and days. You just can't make it. And that is um I mean so like well well well well well well well well well well I mean um okay okay how I want you to plan your week. I don't want want want want want want want want want want you to okay well you know like well okay well um you know know know know know know know know know know plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to um um so okay well like like okay well either avoid or go go go go go go go go go go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast um so like um uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so about the purpose of the program is to Achieve Achieve Achieve Achieve Achieve Achieve Achieve Achieve Achieve Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a I mean you know uh I mean um well like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know okay okay like like well like to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute your your your your your your your your your your podcast for um I mean like well um well um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know you. So it so it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify app a a a a a a a a a a podcast and many many more like I mean uh okay uh um well well well well well well well well well well uh I mean you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to so I mean um uh uh um well you know um um um um um um um um um um make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app. Go to you know know know know know know know know know know like okay okay I mean um um I mean uh Anchor. FM to to to to to to to to to to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of 40 is like I mean like like like like like like like like like like so like um you know you know well podcast. I'm your host Olympian Olympian Olympian Olympian Olympian Olympian Olympian Olympian Olympian Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to another edition of so you know uh you you you you you you you you you you know well like like so well 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay okay uh I mean okay you know I mean century BCE. So So So So So So So So So So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of all uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so um okay I mean so okay uh time vanish from the the the the the the the the the the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want to hear so like so so you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh so I mean more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained Unexplained Unexplained Unexplained Unexplained Unexplained Unexplained Unexplained Unexplained Unexplained check out par cast presents like um you know okay you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite Park asked shows Like okay I mean so like so uh so uh you you you you you you you you you you know medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on well like like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know um okay like so Spotify and anywhere you listen to to to to to to to to to to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched okay I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean okay so well assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Rory like you know like well so uh okay well well the idiot podcast isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a I mean I mean uh uh you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh uh so thing we can actually go through but we we we we we we we we we we do have is people with jarring like um well like you know like okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay accents. They'll think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom you know know know know know know know know know know uh okay uh well I mean um well like Walsh and I'm here with with with with with with with with with with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking um um um um um um um um um um okay okay you know well like uh okay you know about Tick Tock and it's road road road road road road road road road road to success. So this app take talk you know um okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so uh uh like well has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and and and and and and and and and and it's a really so so so uh so well you know uh um um um um um um um um um um popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months months months months months months months months months months. It's I mean like so so okay I mean like well um given given given given given given given given given given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One so so so so so so so so so so you know like so I mean uh you know you know uh of those teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot uh um okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know so well okay of followers. Okay, so a song that you guys might might might might might might might might might might know that's really popular. Is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this well okay well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh well okay song Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera on on on on on on on on on on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a a a a a a a a a a I mean so okay uh you know so okay you know uh podcast dedicated to to to to to to to to to to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is the the the the the the the the the the well I mean okay um so uh well um okay second ever podcast I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've ever made. So I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I hope this isn't too horrible so so so so so so so so so so like you know uh well um okay uh okay and still trying to find my my my my my my my my my my feet. So I hope you are bear with um you know so so well well well well well well well well well well well you know so uh the bad editing in places. I've done my best to to to to to to to to to to fix stuff uh okay I mean um you know well I mean okay okay and and and and and and and and and and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this this this this this this this this this this like you know um like I mean like well I mean like show. I cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover I cover I cover I cover I cover I cover I cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover cover I cover I cover I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by by by by by by by by by by the community. I then you know like okay like so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples the uh I mean uh you know uh you know I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I mean basic building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time time time time time time time time time time discussing how um like I mean I mean so well well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a a a a a a a a a a lot you know um I mean you know so uh uh you know like of of of of of of of of of of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily um well like like like like like like like like like like okay um uh well I mean I mean from gaming perspective. This is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so um uh uh I mean I mean probably notice a slight change change change change change change change change change change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well um I mean um okay um like week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio this audio this audio this audio this audio this audio this this this this this this this this this this audio this audio this audio this audio book summary is brought to you you you you you you you you you you by quick Read download our app today and like uh so um so like like like like like like like like like like um so so get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal development productivity like uh so well I mean you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know like business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get get get get get get get get get get the I mean you know well I mean um so I mean um well key key key key key key key key key key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um so so well okay like read.com app and download our app for for for for for for for for for for free today. Summary of the one our content okay okay I mean like uh um you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated narrated narrated narrated narrated narrated narrated narrated narrated narrated by Alex Smith uh uh um okay like um so okay well. Introduction Mira Mira Mira Mira Mira Mira Mira Mira Mira Mira introduction Mira introduction Mira introduction Mira introduction Mira introduction Mira introduction Mira Mira Mira Mira Mira Mira Mira Mira Mira Mira introduction Mira introduction Mira introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's promised to give you a okay like okay uh okay I mean uh uh like Year's Year's Year's Year's Year's Year's Year's Year's Year's Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you you know know know know know know know know know know I mean um I mean you know you know like so so go all in in in in in in in in in in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've heard okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay uh uh like I mean the quote give a man a fish and you you you you you you you you you you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a a a a a a a a a a so you know I mean uh okay like okay okay I mean Southern state flooding flooding flooding flooding flooding flooding flooding flooding flooding flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean okay okay I mean uh like feet deep outside and inside their house house house house house house house house house house one family spent its time sitting on the I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay well you know like porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young young young young young young young young young young son happened to notice a nice um so okay like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um I mean Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll bet that person who so like okay okay so well I mean uh like lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight sight sight sight sight sight sight sight sight sight. Around I mean you know you know I mean so so okay okay you know the the the the the the the the the the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly much um um um um um um um um um um okay okay well so so I mean I mean um to his surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was this was this this this this this this this this this this was this was this was this was this was this was this was this this this this this this this this this this was obviously well okay like uh so you know uh well so very strange strange strange strange strange strange strange strange strange strange. So the lad kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream around the the the the the the the the the the corner of okay uh uh okay so um like um okay the house and and and and and and and and and and came floating back down again after a while. It came back Upstream yet like um um um um um um um um um um uh so um uh uh you know I mean again rounding the corner of the the the the the the the the the the house. Finally the finally the finally the finally the finally the finally the the the the the the the the the the finally the finally the finally the finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida aFlorida aFlorida aFlorida aFlorida aFlorida aFlorida aFlorida aFlorida aFlorida Desiree and Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and okay okay like like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like um Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a a a a a a a a a a mouthful with Laura and so uh um well okay um uh well I mean Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in in in in in in in in in in like like okay um like you know uh uh uh on this moment of of of of of of of of of of Genius. Everybody did everybody did everybody did everybody did everybody did everybody did everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody did everybody did everybody did everybody did we did to there was like a sudden sudden sudden sudden sudden sudden sudden sudden sudden sudden okay like well so you know well like so uh like hand in my shots, and he he he he he he he he he he was feeding me like, you know something if I mean like uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know you know so like uh it's wow, it's like the clouds open open open open open open open open open open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just well I mean so like like like like like like like like like like um so you know okay I mean the two of us. Discussing the the the the the the the the the the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are so like well so okay like like like like like like like like like like well so so watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we we we we we we we we we we just fade into um um okay um like uh you know I mean I mean their lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean so uh I mean so like so now. It's probably how how how how how how how how how how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot like okay like like like like like like like like like like like so you know well so I mean of scenes that open like that? You're a a a a a a a a a a part of this. Oh, it's just like uh okay uh well okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about those are some of uh you know like well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh you know my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually Gonzo a feature well I mean like okay you know you know like like like like like like like like like like so like and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, hotline, hotline, hotline, hotline, hotline, hotline, hotline, hotline, hotline, as you can imagine when we like I mean uh uh um um uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so okay uh um you know I mean okay through more often than than than than than than than than than than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual point like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know like um so I mean I mean that we're not sure if if if if if if if if if if it really can get into the podcast. We thought uh I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so like okay you know so I mean we might share one of them with you you you you you you you you you you now, but remember if you want uh uh like well like like so well well well well well well well well well well like to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us your your your your your your your your your your questions I mean so um like well like well like like and we'll go go go go go go go go go go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did so you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay well I mean so you know like I did the whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I so you know know know know know know know know know know um so you know well well uh um did like did Miami and then sort of of of of of of of of of of come back round again and went so you know well well okay so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor well uh you know uh well well um you know you know it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know um well so like you know well tools that allow you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone um I mean like um um um um um um um um um um okay okay you know I mean like or computer. You can make money from from from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership and anchor uh um like so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay okay will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts like okay like I mean so I mean I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you know and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place place download the free. Anchor app anchor app anchor app anchor app anchor app anchor app app app app app app app app app app anchor app anchor app anchor app anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I I I I I I I I I I have a special guest okay okay okay I mean um well so uh well here here here here here here here here here here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My name my name my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name my name is I mean I mean you know uh well um um like like like like like like like like like like so Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine dances with um um um um um um um um um um you know okay so well um well well well me. I haven't said the name name name name name name name name name name of our company because I mean I could but uh I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well uh like you know like like I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet discreet discreet discreet discreet discreet discreet discreet discreet discreet like I'll probably accidentally say it you know okay well you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know um um I mean but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that that that that that that that that that that I just For like PR Reasons, so uh like well uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to to to to to to to to to to this. But yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, I um I mean um I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know uh like just yeah, I don't know we danced at at at at at at at at at at American Ballet company. I think so so well so I mean well well okay like like like like like like like like like like it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, this yeah, this yeah, this yeah, this yeah, this yeah, this yeah, this this this this this this this this this this yeah, this yeah, this yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up coming up coming up coming up coming up coming up coming up coming up up up up up up up up up up coming up coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches switches switches switches switches switches switches switches switches switches third birthday. And um um well like well uh okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo okay so okay uh I mean so um well uh cartridge Society goes with you you you you you you you you you you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name is Patrick ehlers ehlers ehlers ehlers ehlers ehlers ehlers ehlers ehlers ehlers and I mean okay okay well so well well uh uh I'm joined as always always always always always always always always always always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show for well well well well well well well well well well well well so so like so um okay you. Today. We're going to be talking about about about about about about about about about about the news from the week including well okay you know so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so I mean a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club Club and then on Thursday, um um okay I mean so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z. But But But But But But But But But But in well um so um okay um uh um like the meantime, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead excited like uh I mean you know uh you know uh you know uh. I also also also also also also also also also also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends so uh you you you you you you you you you you know you know like um like well well High cuz he hates horror movie that that that that that that that that that that I do and that's why they you know you know um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so uh well call me the horror version. That's the only reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason reason we call them that I have you know I mean like well um um um um um um um um um um okay okay okay so not no other reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever every week we so okay well I mean um uh well I mean like take him him him him him him him him him him through the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack like you know so so so so so so so so so so uh uh um I mean like um Frost's and then we make fun of of of of of of of of of of it more or less or explain its so um like well like I mean um um um um um um um um um um well well Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing. And I'm the okay you know you know uh so you know you know I I I I I I I I I I mean you know funny one our episodes drop on Monday. So check so check so so so so so so so so so so check so check so check so check so check so check so check so check check check check check check check check check check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast um you know I mean so like you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they they they they they they they they they they give you creation tools you know um okay um like like like um so so so so so so so so so so that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or so so so so so so so so so so like well I mean uh so I mean okay like computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on so um um um um um um um um um um um um so so you know you know I mean Spotify Apple podcasts and many many many many many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with um uh like okay uh um um um um um um um um um um so well um no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in in in one place uh well okay well I mean uh uh I mean so download the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- you know like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know I mean like I mean to get started today. Welcome to the flip flip flip flip flip flip flip flip flip flip the script podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host um so um uh like uh um um um um um um um um um um well uh in a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark Poshmark Poshmark Poshmark Poshmark Poshmark Poshmark Poshmark Poshmark Poshmark. My store in closet like so uh um like like like well like name is is is is is is is is is is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you can find me well well um well well well well well well well well well well like I mean you know well so on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really I'm really excited about this week's guest I like I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like I mean so um had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to according to and in this week's like so okay I mean so so I I I I I I I I I I mean like well episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because because because because because because because because because because fitting race coming up okay well okay I mean um you know so like um um um um um um um um um um. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be it'll be it'll be it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be we have have have have have have have have have have week one uh okay you know like like you know um so okay week of of of of of of of of of of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um I mean you know well I mean so March, however, I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished okay um like okay uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean. Well, I finished all of my exams I have before spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring break so next so okay you know well I mean okay so you know so so so so so so so so so so week. I just have a presentation for one of my classes see your you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well like so well uh I mean well husband exam exam exam exam exam exam exam exam exam exam for a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know so um I mean okay you know uh home free now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh um so um like um okay we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say well so like um okay so so so so so so so so so so like you know so it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like like like like like like like like like like it's really not like okay you know I mean well okay well so well like like like like like like like like like like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh so I mean uh well so like I'm out of the way especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially especially because now that I feel like I still well so you know I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay I mean I mean okay don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before before before before before before before before before before we before we before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to to to to to to to to to to you guys quickly about you know okay like you know so okay uh um um um um um um um um um um you know Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and and and and and and and and and and podcast like um well uh well like so so I mean and and and and and and and and and and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like like okay um like account and that is great because let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's face it. We are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are all trying to save so uh so so so so so so so so so so okay so so um like so a little bit these days. So with with with with with with with with with with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you know uh okay well um um um um um um um um um um um uh okay okay you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening to with your friends on well um like well so um I mean so so so so so so so so so so like Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline offline wherever and whenever well uh so okay you know um I mean you you you you you you you you you you know okay you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded uh uh I mean well like like um I mean uh already but this this this this this this this this this this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done you know okay okay like you know know know know know know know know know know well well like well so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts okay okay um so okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so in the you are Library tab. Also, make also, make also, make make make make make make make make make make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to follow us on there. So you okay I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know um you know um so like never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That That That That That That That That That That being said, let's get into today's episode like you know well okay so you you you you you you you you you you know so you know well. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice to podcast where like okay um you know uh like I mean well like we we we we we we we we we we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey I I I I I I I I I I mean like like like well like um like um Dustin, what's up? Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I okay um okay well well well well well well well well well well um you know okay um okay mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well then well, we haven't um okay like um well uh like I mean like talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the the the the the the the the the the um so so well uh so like well uh tax that can't read that this is is is is is is is is is is we're talking to these people. We're not I uh okay uh so okay okay like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we we we we we we we we we we say. Oh, so uh I mean uh you know uh um um so we we we we we we we we we we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty um you know well um well okay uh well so cool. We got to see see see see see see see see see see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really uh you know okay so so so so so so so so so so um you know okay um you know cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We We We We We We We We We We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of of of of of of of of TV talk I mean okay um like you know um you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean now look at the buzz. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome back back back back back back back back back back to the good trouble after show you know okay um so well um you know know know know know know know know know know uh well and guys. We are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are at the season finale of the the the the the the the the the the such a good season um okay okay uh like well well okay I I I I I I I I I I mean Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um okay okay um so since season one. I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could like like like like like like like like like like like well I mean well you know okay so well not do this out do this this this this this this this this this this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of okay like uh you know know know know know know know know know know so well um you know um my love. I have I have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I have I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so like well like so so big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching the posture since I was in um so um I mean like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know okay so high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan. Yeah, and uh okay um okay I mean well I mean you know well she she she she she she she she she she brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know well so well like you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel I mean um so well uh okay you know so um like you want to to to to to to to to to to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around uh like well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so so well for months before we found out the anchor is the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make um I mean I mean so I mean so I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean a podcast and I'll tell you why first of of of of of of of of of of all, it's free. You can okay well uh uh um I mean you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean record edit and distribute your podcast all from your your your your your your your your your your phone or or from uh um you know uh uh you know okay I I I I I I I I I I mean okay your computer. It will do all of the work for you put it out out out out out out out out out out on I mean well so you know I mean so uh uh well Spotify apple and and and and and and and and and and all of the big names you can make money uh I mean um you know you you you you you you you you you you know like okay well so with no minimum listenership. And it's everything that you need need need need need need need need need need for your podcast right in one place uh well you know so so so so so so so so so so like like I mean so well. So here's what you need to do. If you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're interested Go download the free anchor okay okay I mean well like like I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started started started started started started started started started started. That's ANC hor dot like uh you know okay okay well okay you know know know know know know know know know know I mean. F m-- go check it out and get started on your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome so welcome so welcome so welcome so well I mean um like like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So So So So So So So So So So for our like um you know so okay um okay you know I mean first episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old school one one one one one one one one one one from 1976 um I mean uh well okay okay you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one of my mother's favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite. So um I mean uh um so well uh so um I think it it it it it it it it it it was one of the first ones she saw in the theater growing I mean like like like like like like like like like like okay well you know well okay you know I mean up. I was I was was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I I was introduced to this movie when I was about nine or ten, you you you you you you you you you you know so like you know you know okay uh okay okay which given given given given given given given given given given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate. But I well um like so so so so so so so so so so okay uh um you know so turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that that that that that that that that that that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me me me me me me me me me me as I uh so okay you know well so so well well talk to the best best best best best best best best best best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just Theory and discuss so so so so so so so so so so uh okay you know I mean like uh I mean like some of the most most most most most most most most most most important real world macro questions of our time what happens next well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay so uh so you know and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher kocher kocher kocher kocher kocher kocher kocher kocher kocher today you know I mean uh I mean so you know well like like like like like like like like like like so. I'm going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's husband's grandmother so um okay like um um well you know well. And it means means means means means means means means means means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've not we've not we've not we've not we've not we've not we've not we've not not not not not not not not not not we've not uh okay um so you know so so um so seen for a a a a a a a a a a long time. We get we get we get we get we get we get we we we we we we we we we we get we get we get we get to share stories about this woman that uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh like okay so like well was in our life and so important important important important important important important important important important to many of us and I like okay you know uh so um so so so so so so so so so so so like wanted to just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and and and and and and and and and and that today uh okay well so I mean well um you know you you you you you you you you you you know I know we're going to have a great time sharing stories about this this this this this this this this this this you know okay um okay like like I mean I mean um woman that we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're grieving and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the um you you you you you you you you you you know so you know okay well well um uh quirks and the Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so and so and so and so and so so so so so so so so so so and so and so and so and so and so today I want you you you you you you you you you you I mean well uh I mean you know okay like you know well well well well well well well well well well to kind of join me not just with the people that have passed well I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean well uh so um so away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's I that's I that's I that's I that's I that's I that's I that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's I that's I that's I mean so I mean like uh um um um um um um um um um um um um I mean exclusive to Spotify. It's on it's on it's on it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's on it's on it's on it's on it's on it's on it's on Apollo 11s missing missing missing missing missing missing missing missing missing missing tapes. It's a really fascinating well like you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like like so so episode that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from from from from from from from from from from Apollo 11 slow I mean you know okay uh so like okay um like like like like like like like like like like scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes okay okay so you you you you you you you you you you know so like so okay like like this follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On On On On On On On On On On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around uh um I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like okay like a television set and turned on the news the the the the the the the the the the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite like okay so like you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to to to to to to to to to to BFF which stands for not not best well so like uh so okay uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay friends forever. I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying what it's not and then I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll see what I'm Molly. Oh well oh well oh well oh well oh well oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh well oh well oh well oh well oh well I mean um okay well well well well well well well well well well uh uh uh you know my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 were just talking about how we can I mean uh well like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay like believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was was was was was was was was was was telling a lie like uh well I mean well well uh well okay feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't it feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like it's well you know uh well I mean well okay well um been been been been been been been been been been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as much time with with with with with with with with with with uh um okay I mean so okay well you know well you half half half half half half half half half half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or every other so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well well so well you know week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are you you you you you you you you you you really you know I mean well okay like like I mean like uh leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on one shirt shirt shirt shirt shirt shirt shirt shirt shirt shirt you know so um well I mean I mean okay like well already. Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already um well um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay well like uh okay mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right all all all all all all all all all all right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right right right right right right right right right right all right was listening that I've got puke on my okay okay so so so so so so so so so so so well you know so like like jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It It It It It It It It It It doesn't really have the same scanning uh so I mean like well like you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to I just gulped water um um I mean like um so so so so so so so so so so I mean well so into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I I I I I I I I I I like this episode? Yes so you know I mean okay um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well. Yeah. Yes what yes what yes what yes what yes what yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes what yes what yes what yes what yes what Treasures bring you to the the the the the the the the the the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like like like like well well well start brushing on the top of of of of of of of of of of your mouth on one side and brush a like so you know um um um um um um um um um um uh uh uh you know like little circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines week where every day we talk about uh uh well I mean you you you you you you you you you you know well you know um okay a heroic woman from history today. We're talking about about about about about about about about about about an incredible artist who overcame so you know okay well like I mean so I I I I I I I I I I mean um incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen was born born born born born born born born born born to a poor family in so so you know like you know like okay you know know know know know know know know know know like England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she was uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh well so you know uh okay born with no arms or legs, but that that that that that that that that that that didn't hold Sarah back when she you know like uh you know okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um uh you know was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth. Switcher rushing switcher rushing switcher rushing switcher rushing switcher rushing switcher rushing switcher rushing switcher switcher switcher switcher switcher switcher switcher switcher switcher switcher rushing switcher rushing switcher rushing like you know uh um you know like like like like like like like like like like you know like okay to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or or or or or or or or or or try you know you know like I mean you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that that that that that that that that that that going uh like you know well I mean like so I mean okay on on on on on on on on on on in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is I mean I mean so uh okay okay um so uh to speak to to to to to to to to to to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real being well well well well well well well well well well well like okay like so well I mean okay vulnerable and being true to ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite um um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know okay okay so. We believe that true strength is revealed through our our our our our our our our our our ability to continue to grow through our like so um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know uh like struggle and we want this podcast to serve serve serve serve serve serve serve serve serve serve as a reminder that in our well uh you know uh okay okay uh you you you you you you you you you you know well Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for so well well well well well well well well well well so uh like well you know um you know rights reasons the music in this this this this this this this this this this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so so like uh um a big warm welcome to my guests on the show show show show show show show show show show tonight and a Colgan you know uh I mean well I mean you know okay so so so so so so so so so so you know and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, course, course, course, course, course, course, course, course, course, we've got uh okay like you know you know I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so well a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just you you you you you you you you you you know you know um so like uh you know so you know straight away away away away away away away away away away no first. Of all of all of all of all of all of all all all all all all all all all all of all of all of all of all just tell us about yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves and ye introduce yourself okay like I mean I mean I mean well you know um um um um um um um um um um so to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home home home home home home home home home home I mean um like you know well well um you know uh though. So yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill bead uh like like like like like like like like like like um like like so well well you know studying physical geography from London London London London London London London London London London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect. That's what okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know um you know you know like you wanted and you lose it it it it it it it it it it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences so you know you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like uh I mean uh um. I'm also a second-year student from from from from from from from from from from Hill beard. Me and me and me and me and me and me me me me me me me me me me and me and me and me and me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast back um okay I mean uh okay okay uh like you know on your your your your your your your your your your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool uh um I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean uh you know um like thing right now with CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give away uh you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know uh you know okay so like their products to a handful of our listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners. And see what you like don't like uh well so I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like you know uh okay questions things like that. Basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're just going going going going going going going going going going to get like a couple weeks uh you know you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well uh well supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, EPA, EPA, EPA, EPA, EPA, EPA, EPA, EPA, EPA, and then you're going well well so uh well okay like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do well well well well well well well well well well well um um well like I mean I mean so go to the puff and and and and and and and and and and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the uh so so so well like I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay top of the page and just tell us why you want want want want want want want want want want to try it you know okay I mean like okay well like uh um um um um um um um um um um out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe so you know you know I mean so um like I mean uh try to different different different different different different different different different different companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh um well I mean um just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific that that that that that that that that that that you're hoping that it helps well I mean okay so so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay with. No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like like I mean well like um I mean you catch you on on on on on on on on on on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is dope okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so like so you know like is not affiliated with AA or any any any any any any any any any any 12 step program. We support people's I mean okay you know like like like like like like like like like like I mean well um like like right to drink and have fun. We believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe we believe we believe we believe we believe we believe we believe we believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe we believe we believe in a Live and Let Live okay uh um uh like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean I mean um approach to sobriety. This show is intended to to to to to to to to to to highlight the benefits of a sober life. We well I mean uh uh well well well well well well well well well well okay well so well want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone that is struggling I mean okay so you know I mean so like like I I I I I I I I I I mean with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you you you you you you you you you you Cannon. I am a well like I mean you know um like uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me so like uh so okay like like you know so explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and edit so well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean um so so uh well your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for like okay um uh so so so so so so so so so so so well so uh you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many many more so okay so well well you know well well like like like like like like like like like like you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need like well so okay like um uh I mean well to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know okay okay okay you know so so that day like it was yesterday the the the the the the the the the the night was young and I was you know okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know well well okay you know um fooling around sending messages to strangers and and and and and and and and and and then I look at that body and had face well like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um you know uh and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third third third third third third third third third third episode of the series I mean uh so uh um I mean like like like like like like like like like like like you know and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there there there there there there there there there there today. I wanted to okay uh so I mean uh okay I mean like like talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay so um so so um okay most importantly. I want to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk uh okay like okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know so about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing costco nothing costco costco costco costco costco costco costco costco costco costco nothing costco nothing costco nothing costco nothing costco nothing costco nothing costco nothing costco nothing special but but but but but but but but but but why not you know okay I mean like um like like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school school school school school school school school school school that so okay you know uh you know so um um you know made me me me me me me me me me me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so okay um um like got shut down due to financial reasons, which which which which which which which which which which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment to thrive in uh okay okay like I mean like well I mean like their their their their their their their their their their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you grams so well well well well well well well well well well I mean so like well so uh uh 7 twinsies active students in the space space space space space space space space space space of friendships a less common type of okay I mean like I mean um like well well well well well well well well well well so I mean relationship that's discussed. And we're and we're and we're and we're and and and and and and and and and and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're and we're here to share share share share share share share share share share all that. We've learned and still like like like okay so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um learning so grab a cold brew and join us at at at at at at at at at at the table. This I mean like okay um I mean um you know you know know know know know know know know know know okay is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to to to to to to to to to to give well so um so I mean okay okay so like a little shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to well you you you you you you you you you you know like so uh well like uh you know say hello. I love you you you you you you you you you you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was like you know well so uh well well well well well well well well well well uh um okay little and I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus Platypus Platypus Platypus Platypus Platypus Platypus Platypus Platypus Platypus just wish uh uh so you know you know um uh like like like like like like like like like like well that you never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some some some some some some some some some some for um you know like okay so well um okay okay us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll be hood forever well well so so uh so well like so. I'm living Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it you know uh so so so so so so so so so so so okay well uh like well anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to to to to to to to to to to cop it on them everyone. Welcome uh you know uh so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know like back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff here ready to talk about some okay okay like well well well you know know know know know know know know know know like like pretty cool stuff today. I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very excited about you Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff. I am freaking pumped like you know like you know you know well you you you you you you you you you you know uh like. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one one one one one one one one one one of the the uh uh uh you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know well I mean I mean first like not real episode, but kind of now now now now now now now now now now diving Until like actual key Concepts and so okay you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like um well uh well other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching overarching overarching overarching overarching overarching overarching overarching overarching overarching principle. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I mean so you know like so well so so um um um um um um um um um um like we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the difference between you you you you you you you you you you know so well like you know so like so uh a goal and then idea and and and and and and and and and and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean by uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um like you know you know I mean uh uh that? We obviously there's a difference difference difference difference difference difference difference difference difference difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what okay uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean I mean you know uh are you talking about? So I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll break it down real quick and basically what me I mean like like you know know know know know know know know know know okay well okay uh um and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we we we we we we we we we we came up with what like you know I mean well okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like okay like we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um like okay well well uh anchor app, let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain a few things because it's the easiest way to well um uh you know you you you you you you you you you you know well okay uh well make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at at at at at at at at at at running wild podcast. We uh so um uh um I mean um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean use anchor for many reasons. The first the first the first the first the the the the the the the the the the first the first the first the first the first the first reason is is that that that that that that that that that that it's free. That's correct. You I mean I mean well um um you know you you you you you you you you you you know so you know don't have to pay a single dime to make make make make make make make make make make your own podcast. Also, okay um um okay I mean okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from uh um uh well I mean um you know well uh your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for um uh I mean uh okay like I mean um like you. So you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you don't have to worry about it. It can be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify I mean like like uh um okay so you know well well well well well well well well well well Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh uh like okay you know um okay everybody loves making more money. So So So So So So So So So So go download the free anchor app or go to okay you know know know know know know know know know know okay well um you know uh uh uh Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know um you know um you know uh well and I'm the the the the the the the the the the creator of Love positivism. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to help you on your your your your your your your your your your spiritual and uh you know you know so I mean you know so well so healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student of Chinese medicine like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh I mean so um like well a doula a Reiki practitioner practitioner practitioner practitioner practitioner practitioner practitioner practitioner practitioner practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I want um so so um well so so so so so so so so so so like okay you know to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to to to to to to to to to to grow you know you know so uh I mean like um I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be be be be be be be be be be uh well I mean you know so so uh so like doing meditation together together together together together together together together together together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like um um um um um um um um um um so okay okay uh so like uh well a heart to heart acceptance live live live live live live live live live live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay you know so uh well. It's the it's the it's the it's the the the the the the the the the the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the first shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot. I say we roll with it and we just uh you know um you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean so like uh keep going. You're right, except it's live live live live live live live live live live to neck. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's about it. I I mean you you you you you you you you you you know well uh so like well well uh got it live to neck neck neck neck neck neck neck neck neck neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first you know um well well well well well well well well well well so um so like um I mean episode. This may be a train wreck. It It It It It It It It It It may be like if it is so okay you know um um well you know know know know know know know know know know um um we're just gonna go with the flow. That's us and let let let let let let let let let let the train hit us - okay you know um well well uh um um um um um um um um um um uh so oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of of of of of of of of of of the train I mean you know I mean you know I mean um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going what's going what's going going going going going going going going going going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in britain in britain in britain in britain in britain in britain britain britain britain britain britain britain britain britain britain in britain in britain in britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your your your your your your your your your your asshole? Grow up so I mean uh um okay so like I mean so. Welcome, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um um you know well so starting. I ruined the entire. I did did did did did did did did did did I did I did I did I did I did I did I I I I I I I I I I did I did I did not we can go again once I got my I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know like well so I mean um well stirring spoon. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so well I mean I mean I mean like hosted by its most most most most most most most most most most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back okay I mean well so so so so so so so so so so uh uh um well um. Welcome back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight before we start we'll kick I mean um you know um you know like like like like like like like like like like well you know uh off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a a a a a a a a a a lot you know well you know well like well um um well of setup work that that that that that that that that that that we have to do in order to make a you know well uh well like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know well um tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you you you you you you you you you you just exactly how we do a like you know okay you know well so like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and greetings and greetings and greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings greetings and greetings and greetings and greetings and greetings and greetings and greetings and and and and and and and and and and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point forty-seven Point forty-seven Point forty-seven Point forty-seven Point forty-seven Point forty-seven Point Point Point Point Point Point Point Point Point Point forty-seven Point forty-seven Point forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy play in the uh well um well okay well so okay well same team record membership number number number number number number number number number number in March will we during the Australian by the end of like you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know um um like you know so the season who's locked themselves themselves themselves themselves themselves themselves themselves themselves themselves themselves in for round one? What do we want to like you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean um so okay uh you know see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two two two two two two two two two two and a fantastic win against last year's so well like so so uh so well well well well well well well well well well um premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more on on on on on on on on on on like well you know so um I mean you know um um the the the the the the the the the the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here here here here here here here here here here well like like so well so um like well with Chris. How are are are are are are are are are are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really okay like like like like like like like like like like well okay okay you know uh like okay good. Thank you apologies apologies apologies apologies apologies apologies apologies apologies apologies apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we would uh you you you you you you you you you you know um you know okay you know um like uh have liked. I actually had a a a a a a a a a a bit of a vacation early early you vacation you know so okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know well uh so like. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr Starr well okay uh okay you know so um well like co-ack. Well, yeah at at at at at at at at at at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? you know like well okay I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh like okay All right. So how you find in six from the the the the the the the the the the moment because we haven't so like I mean okay like uh um you you you you you you you you you you know uh really talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far, but, you well well um so well like like I mean uh know, obviously there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah uh yeah uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh yeah uh yeah uh yeah uh yeah uh yeah uh yeah uh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah uh yeah uh well I mean um um so uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that that that that that that that that that that I've um I mean uh uh well uh uh uh you know you know kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me me me me me me me me me me um okay I mean well so well so okay I mean for who I am am am am am am am am am am because yeah, you know in case you're listening you know well like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um so okay to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean I mean uh um like well investor here. Just want just just just just just just just just just just want just want just want just want just want just want just want want want want want want want want want want just want just want to give a shout out to this amazing um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like well so I mean I mean platform. Anchor. You know, what I'm not not not not not not not not not not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to um um okay well well you you you you you you you you you you know well um you know use, you know, what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and and and and and and so forth, you know when the so well like like I mean I mean um like like like like like like like like like like uh biggest thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean um you know uh okay okay okay the free anchor app and go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take okay like like I mean well well well well well well well well well well um like uh like care. In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire uh like I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean I mean okay okay uh. I am Sapphire cindello now get get get get get get get get get get cozy and open your mind because it's story time like um um okay uh like like like like like like like like like like uh like I mean. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the first first first first first first first first first first season of my new show where I'll be sharing okay well so okay so I I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay well the supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after the the the the the the the the the the show you feel compelled um I mean I mean um like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well to share a story or need paranormal advice send an email to to to to to to to to to to stories with sapphire at uh well um well okay so so I mean well gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is an independently run podcast. If you like what what what what what what what what what what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're you know okay well like I mean well um so um going with day one one one one one one one one one one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting you know like well like like like like like like like like like like okay uh uh uh uh is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got we've got got got got got got got got got got we've got shishkin at five to two Astro so like so so okay I I I I I I I I I I mean like like well and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got my pick well um well okay well so uh I mean so a last last last last last last last last last last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah you know so so so so so so so so so so like well okay like well okay uh McGraw confirmed to be riding him on the the the the the the the the the the day. Two main Market while I was well like um um like I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up up up up up up up up up up there because they've um so so you know like I mean well okay um got got got got got got got got got got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin skin skin skin skin skin skin skin skin skin very uh like well okay I mean you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well impressive as two wins. And again and again and again and again and again again again again again again again again again again and again and again and again and again and again asking for loans and being being being being being being being being being being free starts this I mean I mean uh well um I mean well I I I I I I I I I I mean well year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one one one one one one one one one one in a bump of well well uh like okay okay you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like him. I've gone I've gone I've gone I've gone I've gone I've gone I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've gone I've gone I've gone I've gone without a heart he is a two-time two-time two-time two-time two-time two-time two-time two-time two-time two-time winner over hurdle so far you know like like you know you know um like like like like like like like like like like like you know this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like I like I like I like I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum I mean I mean well you know well so well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, take two. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We well well well well well well well well well well we well we well we well we well we well we well we well we well well well well well well well well well well we well uh uh like um like um so so got a fun episode for for for for for for for for for for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi uh I mean I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so so you know um okay strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's a five-set thriller, but new well like well um uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean poll has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about who we so okay like well okay I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams that we think that could win um so like um um you know uh so so so so so so so so so so like it. So stay so stay so stay so stay so stay so stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay so stay so stay so stay so stay tuned to find out who would would would would would would would would would would might be and then we're going you know so well well like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the the the the the the the the the the season coming so I mean um um okay you know I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit, I bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, bit, I bit, I bit, I bit, I bit, I bit, I bit, I bit, I I I I I I I I I I bit, I mean okay uh okay um you know you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like okay well okay like like so Rose had a long week week week week week week week week week week this week the Reversed North Central College and new okay well you know know know know know know know know know know um you know uh okay um well polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they they they they they they they they they they played Stevens and st. Francis. And okay well well so so well you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first first first first first first first first first first yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably they're probably they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and and and and and and and and and and night uh you know um um I mean uh like okay well toothbrushing show show show show show show show show show show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush uh like like like like like like like like like like well you know I mean well um so uh the inside outside and chewing side side side side side side side side side side each tube. It's heroines week and every day like uh uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um um uh this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from from from from from from from from from from history. Today. We're talking about like like so like okay well like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay wangari. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was was was was was was was was was was born in um you know well okay like okay you know so so a a a a a a a a a a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so um okay um I mean um like full of strong Lush Lush Lush Lush Lush Lush Lush Lush Lush Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so so you know well so that would change. Switch or switch or switch or or or or or or or or or or switch or switch or switch or switch or switch or switch or switch switch switch switch switch switch switch switch switch switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that that that that that that that that that that uh well like so you know um well like um I'm going to be be be be be be be be be be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the um um um um um um um um um um I mean like you know I mean you know you know so okay coronavirus and and and and and and and and and and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation about I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean so well I mean well like so this this illness illness illness illness illness illness illness illness illness illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it to try you you you you you you you you you you know well like so okay you know you know well you know to just seal seal seal seal seal seal seal seal seal seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now in you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so okay like uh so the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, severe, severe, severe, severe, severe, severe, severe, severe, severe, you know response already like well you know um um so like okay so so so so so so so so so so so last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back so uh so okay you know so so well you know to another episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to get into into into into into into into into into into a bunch of topics including like I mean you know okay I mean like um um um um um um um um um um like uh our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean like uh like so like okay stuff here spam calls from from from from from from from from from from different parts of the country. If you know what I'm so um you know you you you you you you you you you you know um uh uh um I mean picking up, we're discussing this because one one one one one one one one one one of our good friends in our multimedia class I mean um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well uh you know as we get a couple of snake calls, calls, calls, calls, calls, calls, calls, calls, calls, calls, and we've been reacting to them. It's like you know well well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um like pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously is just messing with the caller uh well well I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well um well. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar collar collar collar collar collar collar collar collar collar at least one I mean like so well okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know well well of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or or or or or or or or or or 8:00. And this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us us us us us us us us us us today well so so like uh um I mean like um. We got a great great great great great great great great great great show. Look at look at look at look at look at look at look at at at at at at at at at at look at look at look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff uh like like like like like like like like like like uh uh okay well okay you know well to preview. But first we're going to to to to to to to to to to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's not in uh like so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um I mean like our normal spot. We had to kind of do it it it it it it it it it it on the fly, but okay I mean so you know so like I I I I I I I I I I mean like well bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this this this this this this this this this this well you know like well I mean like well so um is even Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me okay okay I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like okay like uh like where the track office not not not not not not not not not not really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh uh like okay uh like first we're podcast was an audience who who who who who who who who who who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, how so, how so, how so, how so, how so, how so, how so, how so, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex as sex as sex as sex as sex as sex as as as as as as as as as as sex as sex as sex as sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and and and and and and and and and and it was a hoot so like so like you know I mean um you you you you you you you you you you know um and a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that that that that that that that that that that so well so um like okay I mean you know um well it was a a a a a a a a a a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know okay like I mean uh the roof. We had we had we had had had had had had had had had had we had we had we had we had we had we had we had had had had had had had had had had just about over a hundred people in one room, uh uh so okay okay so so so so so so so so so so you know like um which was probably a fire hazard looking back at it it it it it it it it it it but us being students not our number like like I mean uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well so so okay one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could could could could could could could could could could win and well you know so uh like I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know I mean there were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not not not not not not not not not not too sure um like I mean uh well you know like uh like what is safe safe safe safe safe safe safe safe safe safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but um like like like like like like like like like like okay uh like like so well you know also objects to practice safe sex like like like like like like like like like like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids uh well I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay um on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dropped Plymouth state funded um okay so I mean okay um okay um uh money money money money money money money money money money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is sports criminals March Madness special every day in in in in in in in in in in March. We are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are counting okay so uh okay okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past past past past past past past past past past 31 years. Today. We're going like well okay uh uh well uh I I I I I I I I I I mean so back to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was tyson was was was was was was was was was was tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson tyson tyson tyson tyson tyson tyson tyson tyson tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged uh so so so uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know like I mean with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Washington for okay okay um okay well you know you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our our our our our our our our our our March um you know okay well um I mean okay I mean I mean Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a um well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean okay okay well Las Vegas gym on September 10th 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the well you know you know uh so so so so so so so so so so well so um uh bag his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson Tyson Tyson Tyson Tyson Tyson Tyson Tyson Tyson Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking you know you know well so you know well I mean uh I mean about the the the the the the the the the the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter so uh so so so so so so so so so so like so well you know uh like extremity movement violations, we're going to to to to to to to to to to dive specifically today into the importance of it um um well um you you you you you you you you you you know you know um like you know and where to look in a a a a a a a a a a handful of different movements. So Fern first I mean I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know uh uh I mean okay um question I have for you is when were were were were were were were were were were you first introduced to the I mean like well okay you know I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean concept? out of quarter extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 course, however uh you know I mean um like uh well okay I mean physically physically physically physically physically physically physically physically physically physically introduced to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little uh well well well well well well well well well well okay like I mean um well uh like kid. They just don't teach teach teach teach teach teach teach teach teach teach it that way but when you teach any okay so uh like okay I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean type of throwing mechanics, typically the the the the the the the the the the first thing you teaching most kids to do is um uh so okay uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well probably jumping or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today today today today today today today today today today well uh so so like like well um so in this episode of podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know um like so um writer with British descent and he he he he he he he he he he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards and so well you know uh well well well well well well well well well well um well um okay Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book book book book book book book book book book of mine and there is you know okay well uh uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay something about the way he write his story. These the way he brings characters characters characters characters characters characters characters characters characters characters to um so like so like okay uh okay so life. I am personally a a a a a a a a a a big fan of his writings and today you gonna sit well I mean like like like like like like like like like like um um so okay like you know back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story story story story story story story story story story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you you you you you you you you you you need to so so uh I mean I mean okay um so uh get get get get get get get get get get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you know uh so well you know so well well well that you've experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will get you through I mean like like like like like like like like like like um like okay like uh you know you know today, whatever situation you land land land land land land land land land land in whatever it is you have got this so 2% back you know you know know know know know know know know know know um you know so so okay like I mean yourself and know that today today today today today today today today today today is your day. This is your everyday positivity. My name I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know like okay I mean okay you know so is Kate Cocker. I'm here on on on on on on on on on on volley and I'll be back with you tomorrow with another like so you know know know know know know know know know know uh uh um I mean um okay episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime. Go for it. You got this everyday I mean like um well you know well you you you you you you you you you you know um like positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, please please please please please please please please please please take a moment so like so uh um you know uh so so to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much much much much much much much much much much for okay so um you know you know uh um you know well joining today today today today today today today today today today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you choose you you you you you you you you you you know you know well uh so um so um uh to listen today today today today today today today today today today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know so uh uh okay be able to get through this this this this this this this this this this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is so okay like like you know know know know know know know know know know well okay uh I mean something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is is is is is is is is is is a fellow Irishman so uh so I mean well I mean so I mean so the the the the the the the the the the very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on well um um um um um um um um um um um well so I mean um well okay social media for a long while while while while while while while while while while now. I'd actually heard of this um well like so uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like guest back on another podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst whilst I like I mean like so I mean uh okay so I mean was was was was was was was was was was training for the London marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy guy um uh well okay I mean okay you know like well is crazy like what what what what what what what what what what he has achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have um um um um um um um um um um well okay you know um I mean well I mean uh got in the the the the the the the the the the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know so well you know you know um Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where finally where finally where finally where where where where where where where where where where finally where finally where finally where finally where finally where finally where we mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned. It you know um okay so so you know I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we we we we we we we we we we have I mean well uh I mean you know you know uh well well and and and and and and and and and and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I oh, I I I I I I I I I I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I haven't said okay well okay well I mean like um um well anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I well, I well, I I I I I I I I I I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I I I I I I I I I I am too but I'm trying to well you know I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh well okay pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble getting this podcast episode set like you know you know you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you know so like you know up because my microphone I feel like it's only really really really really really really really really really really good for one person and you know uh okay um um uh like like um um um um um um um um um um that I feel like our audio is always a little off and you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys have probably okay well well okay okay so okay um uh noticed that and I'm trying to to to to to to to to to to troubleshoot it we're probably going to have to you know I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well okay you know I mean get two separate microphones. But But But But But But But But But But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said it with me. Me Emma I mean uh like you you you you you you you you you you know well well I mean um I mean and Ellen This is your first time time time time time time time time time time tuning in. This is a mother-daughter I mean so uh so uh so well so um um um um um um um um um um podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed to me and I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like um uh okay you know okay so Miss thing at gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom. And I and I and I and I and I and I and I and and and and and and and and and and I and I and I would say it's a little advice a lot of of of of of of of of of of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's not like okay I mean uh um like um I mean uh like something fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo go go go go go go go go go go back to the filthy okay um well so you know you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know like garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold cold as so uh like okay you know you know um so I mean fuck in in in in in in in in in in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what your balls so so um um um um um um um um um um you know okay so okay um okay are small. I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean is that that that that that that that that that that because it's cold or is that just because well I mean well like well I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean well your balls are small because that's because it's cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's you know well uh so I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like like like like like like like like like like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like like like like like like like like like like I like I like that hat dude well um uh well like okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat hat hat hat hat hat hat hat hat hat. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children children children children children children children children children children well uh like I mean uh I mean um like so and your partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to create peace and authenticity I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like like I mean um um so um within your family. This is is is is is is is is is is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer writer and Mom like okay well like so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um uh to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am am am am am am am am am am terilyn Griffin an English okay so um uh so well well um like Professor turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & 3 we inhale uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well um okay I mean so you know um a This amount of of of of of of of of of of books and life tools and distill the information for you are awesome you know so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean I mean um so um you know listeners. Let's find the magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a high five um okay well uh so I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean well and that is that I have heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's uh um uh so so like uh um uh guest is Xavier Tio Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team I mean like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh like so like well of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked worked at agencies all over the like you know you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so I mean you know world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at at at at at at at at at at modernista in Boston and anomaly in so um I mean well so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's also a fine uh uh you know so I mean you know um uh I I I I I I I I I I mean artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our our our our our our our our our our I mean um I mean like I mean well okay like so co-host from time time time time time time time time time time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation uh uh okay I mean well um you know um I mean. We talked we we we we we we we we we we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked talked we talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well okay well well I mean um okay. And suddenly this is guy who who who who who who who who who who came into the scene and we all I mean um so uh um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean know who he is, which is Michael Jordan and I I I I I I I I I I was really young. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I mean like like uh well okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not a a a a a a a a a a uh like well uh like so like I mean so horse girl. Like I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go finger um you know um um um um um um um um um um um uh so uh well like the icing over another company. Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to another episode of officially unofficial. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and so so so well well well well well well well well well well well you know so I mean okay welcome back. My name my name my name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name is Nat Nat Nat Nat Nat Nat Nat Nat Nat Nat and my name is Bianca and this you know so uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean well well um well week. We are talking about the laws of attraction attraction attraction attraction attraction attraction attraction attraction attraction attraction. Are they are they are they are they are they are they are are are are are are are are are are they are they are they are they hot or are uh I mean so well well well well well well well well well well um you know um okay um you just desperate? How was your day? My day day day day day day day day day day my day my day my day my day my day my day my day my my my my my my my my my my day my day was very boring. How was so I mean um okay you you you you you you you you you you know well well you know uh yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very very very very very very very very very very different reasons. So I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I mean uh I mean like so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I I I I I I I I I I can talk well okay well well like you know uh um okay about but I I I I I I I I I I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence my existence my existence existence existence existence existence existence existence existence existence existence my existence my existence my existence my existence my existence my existence my existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting texting texting texting texting texting texting texting texting texting and uh so um uh well um uh so um FaceTime. We all we we we we we we we we we we all we all we all we all we all we all we all we all all all all all all all all all all we all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot of well well well well well well well well well well so you know uh I mean uh okay I mean okay live videos, of course for for for for for for for for for for My Spa y'all. We'll see we'll see we'll see we'll see we'll see we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll see we'll see we'll see we'll see we'll see them some of you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen okay um I mean okay well okay okay okay you know to them some of of of of of of of of of of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then well you know like um um um um um um um um um um uh okay okay I mean I mean move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want want want want want want want want want want to talk about first uncovered Snapchat like like uh you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of of of of of of of of of of 25 and that and like well like like you know like so uh well well well well well well well well well well that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm you you you you you you you you you you know um well um well well um like like not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where you you you you you you you you you you know um okay well um like um um you know we try to help help help help help help help help help help with your you love with your day lemmas and try so I mean like so well well well well well well well well well well well well okay you know to make life a better place for you over over over over over over over over over over to live in and stuff like sets and I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so well I mean I mean I mean shit from from from from from from from from from from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well you know so you know uh uh live on YouTube. We We We We We We We We We We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the money live I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well uh I mean so like you know uh. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris at Jordan is going to be joining um uh I mean so so um um um um um um um um um um um so so us soon and look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant Grant Grant Grant Grant Grant Grant Grant Grant Grant. What's up? Dude, like dude, like dude, like dude, like dude, like dude, like dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, like dude, like dude, like dude, like um like I mean like okay okay like like like like like like like like like like uh hey, how's it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this this this this this this this this this this um like well I mean so I mean like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean special broadcast. We normally we normally we normally we normally we normally we normally we normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally normally we normally we normally we normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have have have have have have have have have have um okay I mean um I mean uh so well well to talk about about about about about about about about about about Robin Hood. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a company that Chris Jordan and I well well well well well well well well well well I mean um um well um so I mean okay are all investors in in in in in in in in in in not as users of the company, but we're actual like well uh um um um um um um um um um um okay okay so um I mean investors in the series a shares of Robin Hood Hood Hood Hood Hood Hood Hood Hood Hood Hood markets Inc. That's the uh like like uh so well so I mean like like like like like like like like like like parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed the rules rules rules rules rules rules rules rules rules rules offering free okay so I mean um uh well well okay uh training quickly being being being being being being being being being being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Sunday um like uh okay so uh like uh so. It's Sunday. I'm here here here here here here here here here here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we like like well uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean just want to be on the podcast. So here I am am am am am am am am am am. He's helping fill in like well like I mean you know so well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh today is doing and we had to our pour one out for the homies. Yeah, well well well well well well well well well well okay okay well okay uh like so uh that's why it's that's why I I I I I I I I I I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad music like okay okay so um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh um like starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead. There is no more fried like so well I mean well well um uh like a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay uh I mean okay uh okay so pot guess? Yeah. So So So So So So So So So So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend uh I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so so um so well uh. We're going to start start start start start start start start start start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this is a whole well like like like like like like like like like like well I mean I mean so uh okay uh different vibe though. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If like like like like like like like like like like like you know uh um you know okay I mean you know you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh so like I mean okay I mean so medium page page page page page page page page page page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh you know um like a living organism. So let's so let's so so so so so so so so so so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so so so so so so so so so so let's go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll like like like like like like like like like like like I mean so so I mean okay so I mean talk a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and like you know um like like like like like like like like like like like like I mean like well thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin is a living organism. But where but where but where but where but where but where where where where where where where where where where but where but where but where but where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and and and and and and and and and and hi and hi and hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here you know uh I mean um so so I I I I I I I I I I mean so so to talk about American football. So I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I go into the NFL after the demo for okay um well like um you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean okay Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was was was was was was was was was was the one with Drew um so well um uh okay uh I mean so Brees Brees Brees Brees Brees Brees Brees Brees Brees Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC so well um um um um um um um um um um so you know I mean like okay um Championship Game the 2009 game between the the the the the the the the the the Colts and the Jets. This was the game that um so um I mean um um um um um um um um um um okay you know um you know you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo demo demo demo demo demo demo demo demo demo and so you play well like well okay okay so so so uh that demo. That was was was was was was was was was was your first experience. Yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty yeah, pretty much why you chose um like like I I I I I I I I I I mean so um uh like you know to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose chose chose chose chose chose chose chose chose chose to be a Broncos fan you know I mean well uh okay so you you you you you you you you you you know um like because well quite frankly because I have a horse and I went went went went went went went went went went and I mean uh you know so well uh I mean you know so I I I I I I I I I I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist Economist Economist Economist Economist Economist Economist Economist Economist Economist for CPC bang today uh you know um so so okay I mean well like like like like like like like like like like. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the fat so well well well well well well well well well well okay okay you know uh so so like unanimously cut the federal funds funds funds funds funds funds funds funds funds funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change um um like uh well like like like like like like like like like like I mean like okay in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed fed fed fed fed fed fed fed fed fed chairman Powell basically indicated you know like you know so well you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know that the virus and the measures that are being being being being being being being being being being taken to contain. It will surely way you know okay so well you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh uh you know on economic activity both in the US US US US US US US US US US and abroad for some time. This came this came this came this came this this this this this this this this this this came this came this came this came this came this came earlier so you know know know know know know know know know know like well well I mean so okay okay than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly clearly illustrates. What we said about the um like uh you know okay uh like so so so so so so so so so so okay FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so so um like okay uh okay that remains is where will the the the the the the the the the the FED go from here? If you reference the so um um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know you know okay um um G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt felt felt felt felt felt felt felt felt felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning I mean um I mean um well you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh uh. So our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going going going going going going going going going going to read so so I mean I mean like um you know you know I I I I I I I I I I mean Psalm 16 today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me preserve Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me Me preserve Me preserve Me preserve Me preserve Me preserve Me preserve Me preserve Me preserve preserve preserve preserve preserve preserve preserve preserve preserve preserve Me O God for um um well okay uh um okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well in the do I put my trust I have said unto the the the the the the the the the the Lord okay uh like uh uh you know so uh uh Thou Art Art Art Art Art Art Art Art Art Art my Lord. I have I have I have I have I have I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have no good be on thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee thee as for the okay well um uh I mean you know um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh saints that are in the earth. They are they are they are they are they they they they they they they they they they are they are they are they are they are they are the excellent ones in in in in in in in in in in whom is all uh like uh okay so well okay uh well my my my my my my my my my my delight their sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their their their their their their their their their their drink like like uh you know I mean um you know so you know offerings of of of of of of of of of of blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well uh um you know I mean uh so Lord is the portion of of of of of of of of of of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat uh like okay like well um so so so so so so so so so so uh uh the Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly goodly goodly goodly goodly goodly goodly goodly goodly goodly so uh like well uh well so well okay Heritage. I Will Bless The The The The The The The The The The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins my reins my reins my my my my my my my my my my reins my reins my reins my reins my reins my reins my reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World World World World World World World World World World Cup you know you know uh so like I mean like so uh winner. Saskia Saskia Saskia Saskia Saskia Saskia Saskia Saskia Saskia Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean like I mean like I mean well match. I'm not annoyed. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but okay uh I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean okay so it's okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very very very very very very very very very very special guest today. We've um like um uh uh like so like you know know know know know know know know know know got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the the the the the the the the the the way from like okay so like like well you know you know okay Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden. What is what is what is what is what is what is what is what what what what what what what what what what is what is what is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for for for for for for for for for for having me I mean like okay like like so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um happy to be Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean okay um so I mean okay I mean you can can can can can can can can can can get a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you um I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so you know okay okay like uh go all the way to Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story well um uh okay um well you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean about that. What's your theory? Hey, how many hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours a day? Is it so I mean you know uh like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like dark there right now? Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so so so so so so so so so so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition well well well well well well well well well well uh um uh okay um like uh you know where a person suffers from from from from from from from from from from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes uh so um you know um um um um um um um um um um well so you know like from a traumatic event or series of traumatic events or persistent persistent persistent persistent persistent persistent persistent persistent persistent persistent failure to succeed. It's one of uh I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know so you know um I mean the biggest underlying causes of depression depression depression depression depression depression depression depression depression depression. And there was a study they uh um uh like uh so uh so well well well well well well well well well well did with two mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it it it it it it it it it it like uh so like okay um so uh uh a slight electronic shock, but but but but but but but but but but no way to get out the other Mouse well uh so okay you know um um um um um um um um um um so you know I mean when they gave the shock to it. There There There There There There There There There There was there was there was there was there was there was there was there there there there there there there there there there was there was there was a lever that it could hit where you know you you you you you you you you you you know like uh uh uh so um you know it could get out of of of of of of of of of of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after like like um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay I mean repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's man's man's man's man's man's man's man's man's man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's in here? And I just want want want want want want want want want want to give a quick shout-out and um okay uh well well uh like you you you you you you you you you you know well a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to my my my my my my my my my my podcast and okay okay okay you know I mean so um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a podcast uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay uh you know you know uh you know I mean you ask? Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well when well when well when well when well when well when well when well when when when when when when when when when when well when well when I was trying to get this one off the ground you know know know know know know know know know know so well okay okay like well uh uh. He know me. I had a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how so I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so well okay so do I record an episode? How do I I I I I I I I I I get my show into like All so I mean well like well well like like like like like like like like like like um I mean the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make make make make make make make make make make money from okay I mean I mean you know so I mean so like um um um um um um um um um um my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know like so I mean well you know anchor Anchor. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, man. Anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is anchor is anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast like like like like like like like like like like um I mean so um so I mean um well and you ain't even got got got got got got got got got got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% it's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um um okay okay like well the app I'm using it is definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely the easiest one to use you know um um um um you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay like it's free and there's creation tools straight in the app app app app app app app app app app that allow you to I mean okay well like um uh okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh edit your podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know uh uh so okay I mean your podcast to Spotify apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple and many more without having to do anything which like I mean uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean I mean so is great and you can make money money money money money money money money money money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, so you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh like um you know which is also great man. You gotta grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind you got to get to where okay you know uh uh okay like so you you you you you you you you you you know um you're going. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so so so so so so so so so so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's everything you need to do all all all all all all all all all all one place and to download so like uh okay uh well you know well so so so so so so so so so so the app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get get get get get get get get get get Started let's you know like uh um um so uh like okay get in the the the the the the the the the the madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen um well well well well well well well well well well well like um so you know I mean I mean to my man man man man man man man man man man. Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well you know so like well it up. Keep doing what you're doing man. Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great Great show great. Listen, love listening okay um like so um like so um um um um um um um um um um um. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys a little okay okay uh I mean uh like like um like idea how we do it it it it it it it it it it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot like well you know well well well well well well well well well well like so you know I mean I mean f m-- recording platform super easy distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's so there's so there's so there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so there's so so so so so so so so so so like I mean uh um so okay um uh creation tools to allowed you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit podcast right from your phone so uh um so okay like like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download Download the free anchor app uh like you know uh I mean so you you you you you you you you you you know like um to get started. This segment this segment this segment this segment this this this this this this this this this this segment this segment this segment this segment this segment this segment is brought to you by by by by by by by by by by jig Master jigs when okay like well you know you know um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off off off off off off off off off off your you know like um well so um okay like you know jig jig jig jig jig jig jig jig jig jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final um um um um um um um um um um um uh you know okay you know okay you know um cash segment with your your your your your your your your your your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. I'm going I mean uh so so you know okay um I I I I I I I I I I mean so to be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear more about this like well like uh so um uh I mean um juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy like like like like like like like like like like okay well you know uh I mean okay you know like levels juicy sexual vitality vitality vitality vitality vitality vitality vitality vitality vitality vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to like um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like um okay uh the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery Mastery Mastery Mastery Mastery Mastery Mastery Mastery Mastery Mastery and how to use Sexual Energy okay okay you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well like okay I mean I mean to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit of a myth in our world you know uh you know uh I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know well um that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a a a a a a a a a a man's sexual capacity. That's that's I mean uh okay uh like okay okay okay um um um um um um um um um um the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him well like like like like like like like like like like well um I mean I mean okay okay okay limp unmotivated and tired afterwards afterwards afterwards afterwards afterwards afterwards afterwards afterwards afterwards afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the you know okay so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know so well like like man who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates and then he rolls okay I mean um okay um um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The The The The The The The The The The Hebrew word. Cabana is all you know you know okay so okay okay like like like like like like like like like like okay well about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who who who who who who who who who who I mean uh well well okay you know I mean um um inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires inspires me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay so like so well by listening you two will be inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired to wake up every morning with intention it like like um um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so well all begins with you. With me in the studio today and and and and and and and and and and by Studio, of course, I mean uh okay okay well uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy Breezy. I always I always I always I always I always I always I always always always always always always always always always always I always I always I always say um um you know uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh well your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I I I I I I I I I I say it like Madonna so you know so you know like well you you you you you you you you you you know like you know. Okay old like Madonna that's fair to like how many many many many many many many many many many people really know Madonna's last like like okay uh okay okay so so so name? name name name name name name name name name Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like like like like like like like like like like um you know well like well well so like um mine. Go with the the the the the the the the the the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know you know okay you know so uh okay Gerber joined by by by by by by by by by by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just getting okay um um um um um um um um um um you know like so okay well well well over being sick. I'm fine. But But But But But But But But But But just it's weird being sick and trying to recoup okay okay I mean like okay so so so so so so so so so so you know so uh its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way way way way way way way way way way. I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed headed headed headed headed headed headed headed headed headed I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed the right uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know uh so okay direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for asking. I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad you're on. On the on on on on on on on on on on the on the on the on the on the on the on the on the the the the the the the the the the on the like okay so so okay okay you know um you know mend mend mend mend mend mend mend mend mend mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night and you you you you you you you you you you okay I mean so you know you know so I mean I mean okay were sounding sounding sounding sounding sounding sounding sounding sounding sounding sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck it out for um well well well well well well well well well well like I mean like uh well uh like our wonderful patrons absolutely over over over over over over over over over over there, which I know they appreciate so for this uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like okay well uh I mean episode or actually before I get get get get get get get get get get started with the episode make sure uh so well I mean okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a a a a a a a a a a lot um so well uh okay you know so uh you know of things things things things things things things things things things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very very very very very very very very very very um well I mean um you know you know so um okay well. Good job, job, job, job, job, job, job, job, job, job, good job, good job, good job, good job, good job, good job, good job, good job, job, job, job, job, job, job, job, job, job, good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we we we we we we we we we we going to upload this stuff? well so so okay I mean uh uh um um um um um um um um um um um You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it all about about about about about about about about about about Oh uh uh uh um um okay I mean you know um Sees Sees Sees Sees Sees Sees Sees Sees Sees Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of all, it's completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely so um okay I mean okay I mean um I mean I mean free free free free free free free free free free. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are we just you you you you you you you you you you know uh like I mean I mean you know so okay well dumping the the the the the the the the the the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do things with with with with with with with with with with it okay I mean uh uh so well okay well like then? Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit your podcast well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well like um uh okay uh right from your phone or your computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. Wow. That is so awesome. Yes. Now um now um now um now um um um um um um um um um um now um now um now um now um now um now um uh well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay uh well uh is it? It just on anchor or or or or or or or or or or does it go anywhere else after you post well I mean well I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay so like it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute it out so I can uh well um you know I mean well okay you you you you you you you you you you know I mean be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places places places places places places places places places places. You don't have so so so uh okay well um you know so to to to to to to to to to to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to um um um um um um um um um um uh you know you know you know uh um so like make money off of of of of of of of of of of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast with no uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean you know so well well so you know minimum listenership. You can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can make money right away. You can start making money like you know know know know know know know know know know uh well you know uh like uh uh man. That is awesome. So what you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're saying is it's everything you need to to um uh uh well well well well well well well well well well uh um well so um make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what what what what what what what what what what I'm saying. Wow. So download so download so download so download so download so so so so so so so so so so download so download so download so download so download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain so okay well okay uh uh I mean well I I I I I I I I I I mean. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit so you know you know like well I mean well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for like so so so so so so so so so so you know uh like uh so uh uh you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you um um um um like you know know know know know know know know know know you know like uh can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need you know um I mean um so you know uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last last last last last last last last last last year well um um um so um I mean um like three of my my my my my my my my my my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience uh okay like well well well well well well well well well well uh well so you know um. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding the girl told him that she uh like I mean like like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date date date date date date date date date date approached the girl ran so um okay like um okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know well away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, married, married, married, married, married, married, married, married, married, but within a like like okay I mean so uh well like okay month my friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay like um um well so had an affair and asked he filed filed filed filed filed filed filed filed filed filed for divorce right away. Such experience has um like like you know um uh so I I I I I I I I I I mean okay made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh okay okay well you know um so be explaining to each and and and and and and and and and and every single male out there specifically how to become uh so like um um you know know know know know know know know know know so so you know more masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why why why why why why why why why why I feel that so well I mean like so uh okay um um this this this this this this this this this this is such an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to to to to to to to to to to well I mean um so like you know well like you know actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually control their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're in you know well you know um okay okay well so um control of what what what what what what what what what what they would like and as a man this is important uh um um well well well well well well well well well well um uh like okay well to your success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness happiness happiness happiness happiness happiness happiness happiness happiness happiness. And not only that if you uh um so so you know okay like like like like like like like like like like so so want to become a man of value so that way other other other other other other other other other other men or other like so like you know I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know people in general can lean on you. You're going going going going going going going going going going you're going you're going you're going you're going you're going you're going you're going going going going going going going going going going you're going you're going to have to learn this I mean well um um um um um um um um um um okay you know well uh you know so. So here's the deal. If you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have a very high attention span, if so um uh okay um you know so so so so so so so so so so like you know you're a person who cannot sit there and focus for two to to to to to to to to to to five minutes, you're well okay um like you know so you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like not going to do very well. Okay, because this video might take me um um um um um um um um um um I mean like like so like uh okay I mean a little bit to explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you well okay uh okay like like like like like like like like like like uh well I mean okay can't take five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring this I mean okay you know well I mean so well so okay week. Only us us us us us us us us us us only us only us only us only us only us only us only us only only only only only only only only only only us only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the the the the the the the the the the cutout you know um so I mean uh um okay you know well fee. How are are are are are are are are are are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit lonely I mean you know know know know know know know know know know so um um um I mean you know okay to be honest just us. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we had I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay like uh like so our first High-profile guest I guess you you you you you you you you you you could say all due respect to Rob our I mean well okay um you you you you you you you you you you know like you know like I mean amazing writer, but our first you know quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite quite a spill krob not quite to uh I mean well I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know you know well uh be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but but but but but but but but but but we had our first I mean like well well so so so I mean well well well well well well well well well well we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean um well you know um uh so last week, and if you you you you you you you you you you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want want want want want want want want want want to like so so uh um okay okay I mean uh hop on the the the the the the the the the the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So myself and like you know I I I I I I I I I I mean um well so um you know uh Michael and the charts will be answering answering answering answering answering answering answering answering answering answering your questions. Alright, so we got our first like uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well okay well so so contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All All All All All All All All All All right, so so it's nine um you know um uh okay okay you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right right right right right right right right right right. Oh, right. Hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh well like uh you know um well there are hundreds possibly possibly possibly possibly possibly possibly possibly possibly possibly possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will so okay so you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know so I mean you know probably die of old age before actually seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man okay I mean okay well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment. He was he was he was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was arrested this uh okay like so well um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in in in in in in in in in in I mean uh um well okay I mean you know so like prison and 34 34 34 34 34 34 34 34 34 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your I mean well well well well well well well well well well um I mean so um like okay you know coffee hot, but your bones chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled chilled sit back and start your day with a like well you know um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so okay morning cup of murder. Edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 27th, 27th, 27th, 27th, 27th, 27th, 27th, 27th, 27th, 1954 and spent most of well um I mean you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um well his life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean uh so um well so uh at Tommy's high school. So So So So So So So So So So I thought maybe I would go around and do something special uh uh so so so so so so so so so so like you know I mean so okay okay a little bit different going to go go go go go go go go go go around and ask random teachers if they want okay um uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like you know so you know um to answer a question that my students have have have have have have have have have have written. I'm going to pull a like so well uh I mean so um um um um um um um um um um okay so question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going um um um um um um um um um um so uh uh I mean uh like I mean so to answer it and and and and and and and and and and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you I'm you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um you know you know uh okay uh sure in the meantime, I want to to to to to to to to to to let you know that tomorrow. We have another I mean so okay well you you you you you you you you you you know so so I mean I mean official guest and I cannot wait to to to to to to to to to to interview our next guest here on between so uh um so uh um well I I I I I I I I I I mean so two Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to to to to to to to to to to share I mean so um well uh okay so well I mean with you is is is is is is is is is is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know um well I mean I mean like sure you subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of of of of of of of of of of wisdom you know um okay I mean you know like um uh so from the the the the the the the the the the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of of of of of of of of of of uh I mean I mean you know um uh well um um philosophy at at at at at at at at at at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through this this this this this this this this this this okay you know I mean okay I mean I mean well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film was 342 342 342 342 342 342 342 342 342 342 well okay I mean uh like like so so well the mere fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact that people endure the same pain more easily when they voluntarily so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so uh you know okay like undergo it for the sake of their their their their their their their their their their country then when they suffer it for I mean okay like you know like uh like like like like like like like like like like uh uh some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me uh like I mean well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean I mean explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit so you know I mean like uh so okay well well well well well well well well well well well your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for like so well I mean like uh um um like you. So it so it it it it it it it it it it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can um um um um um um um um um um so uh like uh um like uh like make money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know well I mean um okay uh so podcasts in one place download the the the the the the the the the the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean okay okay uh get started. No words no words no no no no no no no no no no words no words no words no words no words no words no words no words just just just just just just just just just just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the Earth with brilliant uh um like like um so so so so so so so so so so like I mean you know presence. It seemed like the dream went on all all all all all all all all all all night long. Okay, maybe it was 20 like uh I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well so I mean you know okay minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled filled with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we we we we we we we we we we think so okay like I mean like well uh um so teachers hours each each each each each each each each each each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms visit teach like okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean well um okay you know I mean starter.com to make your your your your your your your your your your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny like okay so well well you you you you you you you you you you know like like um is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save save save save save save save save save save this um so um you know um well okay okay well listening goodness for for for for for for for for for for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional you know so you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know so um I mean so comedian who inspires kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow well um you you you you you you you you you you know um um I mean you know um you know him on Instagram at Mister Mister Mister Mister Mister Mister Mister Mister Mister Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like um so I mean fun. He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday funny is I okay uh uh well well well well uh um am here here here here here here here here here here with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey well um um um um um um um um um um I mean so so uh I mean well like girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the the the the the the the the the the well like okay I mean you know uh I mean okay okay jam cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay well uh okay so man, what's happening? Oh good. We're back. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're back bitches. Where were we? You so you so you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so uh um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know like know, are we in the ether as a they they they they they they they they they they were up there on the uh you know like like uh okay like um um um um um um um um um um I mean cloud as inquiry for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, it's very well okay you know well like I mean like I mean well nice. Actually Actually Actually Actually Actually Actually Actually Actually Actually Actually. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, Enjoy, Enjoy, Enjoy, Enjoy, Enjoy, Enjoy, Enjoy, Enjoy, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, no, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We need need need need need need need need need need to okay well you know uh you know okay um so well actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We do um um um um um um um um um um like so well you know you know well I mean you know that by finding the the the the the the the the the the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can only like like like like like like like like like like like you know like so um okay well um win or learn in life. And if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're in pain, then that means you so so I mean um I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean well like can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog smog smog smog smog smog smog smog smog smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain sight sight sight sight sight sight sight sight sight sight like so so so um like okay okay like. This is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous well okay like like like like like like like like like like well you know um so okay like Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode and want to hear more urban legends uh okay so well you know well so so so so so so so so so so uh you know check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new new new new new new new new new new Spotify only like uh so like so okay well you know like episodes of urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the you know know know know know know know know know know so well well so I mean uh so okay graphic nature of this urban legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions um uh okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so I mean so of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under okay um okay uh okay okay like so so so so so so so so so so you know 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all all all all all all all all all all we all we all we all we all we all we all we all we we we we we we we we we we all we all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this greetings, this greetings, this greetings, this greetings, this greetings, this greetings, this greetings, this greetings, greetings, greetings, greetings, greetings, greetings, greetings, greetings, greetings, greetings, this greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior gimple senior gimple senior gimple gimple gimple gimple gimple gimple gimple gimple gimple gimple senior gimple senior gimple senior gimple senior gimple senior gimple senior gimple senior portfolio specialist specialist specialist specialist specialist specialist specialist specialist specialist specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management okay you know you know okay well I mean you you you you you you you you you you know well like. And this and this and this and this and this and this and and and and and and and and and and this and this and this and this is understanding Edge. It's been it's been it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been a pretty crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy week and a half in you know I mean you know like well um um um um um um um um um um I mean so so the markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts covering domestic International uh I mean so like okay um okay well okay equities as well well well well well well well well well well as fixed income, but given how things ended the you know um well you you you you you you you you you you know like well you know uh so week. I thought it would be be be be be be be be be be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed um so you know so well well well well well well well well well well um uh I mean okay income bills aux-in. To discuss what he he he he he he he he he he saw over the last week and a half I mean you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well um you know um thoughts on the FED Palace comments from Friday and where where where where where where where where where where we're headed and what we're um okay so well I mean um okay so I I I I I I I I I I mean looking to do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you know know know know know know know know know know you know like like so I mean I mean okay well you very much and and and and and and and and and and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured you know um I mean like like like like like like like like like like okay you know I mean well uh by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going um um um um um um um um um um okay so I mean I mean you know well so I mean to be be be be be be be be be be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments moments account I mean uh so okay I mean so um um uh. So So So So So So So So So So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about so okay like like like like like like like like like like so um I mean okay well um blur if he sounds pissed off off off off off off off off off off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed uh I mean uh like you you you you you you you you you you know okay like like so off my fucking we record this from songs on on on on on on on on on on the first time. It was only um like so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like uh okay you know to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and and and and and and and and and and I like to do before I mean well okay like you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so uh so. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope it doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't do that. I could I could I could I could I could I could I I I I I I I I I I could I could I could I could just you know like well you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, so welcome to to to to to to to to to to I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're counting we're counting we're counting down the I mean like so so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years years years years years years years years years years today. We're traveling back to 1995 um uh um you know uh okay okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay off off off off off off off off off off well like okay so like I mean uh okay like gambling debts a point-shaving scandal scandal scandal scandal scandal scandal scandal scandal scandal scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports I mean like you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean um uh um events from history tune in right here every every every every every every every every every every day to our March Madness special. Listen free I mean you know okay well you know know know know know know know know know know you know okay well okay on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final buzzer uh you know uh you know you you you you you you you you you you know like like uh I mean sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went went went went went went went went went went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know you know okay well okay okay like Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of none none none none none none none none none none of none of none of none of none of none of none of none of none none none none none none none none none none of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk like you know so okay so so so so so so so so so so like you know so well back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm you know um I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know I mean I mean like so your host host host host host host host host host host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate doctorate doctorate doctorate doctorate doctorate doctorate doctorate doctorate doctorate degree in Clinical uh I mean so um uh you know uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that um um um um um um um um um um well like well so so you know so well care. I love helping people people people people people people people people people people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join um okay like well well well well well well well well well well um okay uh um okay us each week as we share real sessions with with with with with with with with with with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques you know uh so okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will will will will will will will will will will discuss what okay so okay uh um um well well like effective therapy looks like sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as uh you know so so so so so so so so so so okay so okay you know like you know they overcome their biggest fears and find that that that that that that that that that that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can like so I mean you know well you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so I mean still live a rich full and meaningful life with with with with with with with with with with a reputed approach a strength uh okay um like like okay like well well well well well well well well well well well base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize generalize generalize generalize generalize generalize generalize generalize generalize generalize those well uh you know you know um you know I mean uh okay skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth Earth okay like okay okay so um uh okay uh for 20 years old sound He-Man He-Man He-Man He-Man He-Man He-Man He-Man He-Man He-Man He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where to like um uh you know I I I I I I I I I I mean like um like okay take month unless you just like yesterday. I was was was was was was was was was was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was was was I was I was banging Bonaparte did I mean I mean like I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean like so um I mean not necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be be be be be be be be be be ruined if I'm not even talking well um you know well like so okay I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean to my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that that that that that that that that that that resolution thing from a you know you know I mean I mean so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well wise doctor. Why do why do why do why do why do do do do do do do do do do why do why do why do why do why do you say that though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, though, honestly, so you can out cause uh uh like well like you know well well well well well well well well well well well like for me yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm. So I mean uh like you know you know you know uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean why do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is well well well well well well well well well well I mean well I mean well like uh uh uh the app that I actually use use use use use use use use use use to make and distribute bitch work is how okay so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well you know okay okay I first got started with the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's well like I mean so so so so so so so so so so you know so you know okay well an app you download on your phone it's free and and and and and and and and and and it's essentially a creation tool that um uh um okay I mean okay well okay like allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor well um I mean okay um um well you know uh will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be heard on well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um I mean so so um um Spotify Apple podcasts and so so so so so so so so so so much more bitch work literally got distribute it to Modify an like um um like like like like like like like like like like I mean like I mean you know okay apple podcasts within a day of me me me me me me me me me me uploading my first episode you can make you know like okay okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well I mean um you know money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership and it's everything you need um well well um um well well you you you you you you you you you you know like to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to to to to to to to to to to get started making I mean so like um um um um like you know a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app or go so okay uh um um um um um um um um um um like um like like um to Anchor dot f m-- to get started started started started started started started started started started. Hey guys. I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am so excited you know I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like well well I mean so uh to bring you this week's episode of a bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch work podcast. I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale Vale Vale Vale Vale Vale Vale Vale Vale Vale I mean like like I mean okay well like okay I mean. I was scrolling through Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song as well you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um I mean okay okay the best song on the planet. Can you beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat it? And all and all and all and all and all and all and and and and and and and and and and all and all and all and all it did for okay like I mean you you you you you you you you you you know well uh like uh so me was remind me of the greatest TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV Wonder song for me of all time, well um well um um I mean like like like like like like like like like like so like which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, I mean, I mean, first of all when you come uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like well uh okay uh up with a song lyric like that, you've got got got got got got got got got got to go. Um, man, I've nailed okay okay well like okay you know like like like like like like like like like like you know um life love is in need of Love Today and He's my my my my my my my my my my favorite Stevie so okay like so you know I mean uh you know uh Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the message on it it it it it it it it it it. Is you know I mean uh um you know well uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean that Love's in Need of Love today? We need we need we need need need need need need need need need need we need we need we need we need we need we need we we we we we we we we we we need to give the love back you know um so okay I mean so um well well well well well well well well well well I mean to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to get you um okay so well um you know so well you know know know know know know know know know know to consider that you can apply this to lots of things in your your your your your your your your your your life like so um like uh um like uh I mean and fundamentally you are are are are are are are are are are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to the paper uh uh uh so uh I mean um well you know know know know know know know know know know Outpost the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we um um um um um um um um um um so well like uh um like well you know are actually making books and when you you you you you you you you you you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing okay you know uh okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay okay um event because we don't teach this in school to people people people people people people people people people people but this is really well like um okay okay uh um um you know one one one one one one one one one one of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be um um um um um um um um um um well you know so well so uh well so better off if they they they they they they they they they they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well like well you know so like. My parrot is talking to to to to to to to to to to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those you know okay so you you you you you you you you you you know so uh well like so books. We need more books in the world world world world world world world world world world. All our all our all our all our all our all our our our our our our our our our our all our all our all our all our books are disappearing and it's all going you you you you you you you you you you know um um okay well um so like so digital and we just don't have much much much much much much much much much much of a record anymore with everything disappearing like uh like I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well you know well um everything from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a I mean like well um uh like okay you know I mean podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, you know know know know know know know know know know so like so uh um okay I mean well but not sure if it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's going to be something you want to keep uh okay like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean well you know up with. There's no money to put into it. So So So So So So So So So So you're just doing you know well like uh you know you know so like like like like like like like like like like okay it and if it works out great, you keep doing it it it it it it it it it it at no cost I mean okay like um uh like so well like but there was was was was was was was was was was no money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know I mean like well well you know um want to go with with with with with with with with with with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and you know I mean well you you you you you you you you you you know so like um um okay edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer super easy. GE will distribute your you know like okay I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay like podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and many more uh well I mean so like um like um well and and and and and and and and and and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay okay I mean you know I mean found that that that that that that that that that that any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make okay well well well well well well well well well well okay um so so you know okay so a podcast in one place download the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't you won't won't won't won't won't won't won't won't won't won't you won't you won't you won't you won't you won't you won't you won't you won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this and this and this this this this this this this this this this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this is is is is is is is is is is juvenilia podcaster. We talked to uh you know well um you know so okay like so so so so so so so so so so an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were were were were were were were were were were young um um you know so well well so you know you know Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted so so so so so so so so so so like so uh like so uh uh um to host of get around to to to to to to to to to to it for Barry. Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to the show like I mean well um um um um um um um um um um you know like so I mean so. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm interesting like Seriously start with a compliment uh so I mean um um um um um um um um um um you know like uh like you know their jazz singer and way more exciting than I I I I I I I I I I am in real life. Well, I'm well I mean you know like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh I mean super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was was was was was was was was was was super important I mean you know like well um uh okay um okay to to to to to to to to to to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk about Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff um I mean you know um like like I mean uh uh Buckley or IP IP IP IP IP IP IP IP IP IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this this this this this this this this this this hi, this hi, this hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt Walt talk. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so excited about talking to well so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know I mean I mean um you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health uh well you know um like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know because I believe that wealth is not just about how how how how how how how how how how much money you have I mean you know uh uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay you know in your bank account. It's about it's about it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's about it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like so um uh um emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I I I I I I I I I I get so many questions from you know I mean uh so you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um so people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this so this this this this this this this this this this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this this this this this this this this this this so this is our time for I mean like okay okay uh um um so you you you you you you you you you you know us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here we go go go go go go go go go go I mean uh so um okay you know okay okay I mean dear Lynn Lynn Lynn Lynn Lynn Lynn Lynn Lynn Lynn Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked we talked we we we we we we we we we we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked we talked about marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage I mean I mean well like you know like um well uh. He's actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually more vocal about it than I am but it's a little frustrating when so you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean like well you know okay I mean I see others others others others others others others others others others getting married and starting their families. I promise I am genuinely happy for um you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean I mean well well like so them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports the sports the sports the sports the sports the sports the sports the the the the the the the the the the sports the sports the sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor investor five of the well um you know you know I mean uh like you know know know know know know know know know know I mean absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson by day. I uh I mean so like um um you know you you you you you you you you you you know um invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports car. Please. Join Join Join Join Join Join Join Join Join Join okay I mean well like uh I mean um well well me on on on on on on on on on on my journey to profit from the hobby we all love. Hello boards boards boards boards boards boards boards boards boards boards guard okay I mean um so you know well like um like investors and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I have you know uh okay like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean so uh well some cards to tell you about today? today today today today today today today today today The sports card Market is I mean I mean um so I mean well well well well well well well well well well like um okay on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things things things things things things things things things things. I okay well um I mean okay well uh okay okay can't wait to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you about them first though. I want I want I want I want I want want want want want want want want want want I want I want I want I want I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. My name my name my name my name my name my name my name my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name uh well I mean so well you know I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We We We We We We We We We We have a wonderful guest uh uh well you know I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course course course course course course course course course course all things RSL uh okay you know so so I mean so you know like like like like like like like like like like about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? today today today today today today today today today Adam? I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing okay like so uh like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should I I I I I I I I I I should I should I should I should I should I should I should I should I I I I I I I I I I should say rough game uh um uh uh um okay uh so you know know know know know know know know know know yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began began began began began began began began began began my podcast, okay okay okay so I mean um um I mean so I've been been been been been been been been been been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know okay you know like I mean general when I was was was was was was was was was was trying to browse. It was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was so complicated so much so that until until until until until until until until until until I so well so you know um okay um uh okay found what anchor dot f f f f f f f f f f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so so you know you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay I mean so okay um friendly for a neophyte like me me me me me me me me me me. Started podcasting few days ago and you must try so um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know like um okay this. If you are looking at doing a a a a a a a a a a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you okay well well okay you know okay you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean know as for me I can always say say say say say say say say say say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know you know okay um so okay I get a release for for for for for for for for for for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like okay well you know um Mills. I forget the choreography and I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't even think about it being a like okay well okay well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh workout. I just listened to the songs and I have them on the whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole time um so I mean well you know um uh I mean like. Like when when when when when when when when when when I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing um um um um um um um um um um like you know you know uh well um you know so the laundry when when when when when when when when when when I'm training gym, I just try and listen to the music as like like like like like like like like like like um like um you know I mean um so like many times as possible, but but but but but but but but but but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like like um so you know the work out. It's just filled music and what what what what what what what what what what happens Instruments will pop up well uh I mean uh uh okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um or lyrics or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and and and and and and and and and and you like um um you know so so um you know okay don't know know know know know know know know know know what that's going to be or when it will be but it just happens uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um so okay um um I mean after you listen to it it it it it it it it it it for a while and then when you actually then well like so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um so I mean go right let's plug in and learn the choreography when when when when when when when when when when those two things come so I mean I mean like I mean so you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean together and you teach your already naturally in the music. So So So So So So So So So So those little okay I mean well so I mean like uh you know so so so so so so so so so so moments that your son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based pasture-based okay so well um I mean like okay um um regenerative agriculture and how it it it it it it it it it it can restore Health to our soil our environment our like like so well um um um um um um um um um um well like um I mean bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for for for for for for for for for for this first episode of uh well so I mean okay uh you know you you you you you you you you you you know well Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the the the the the the the the the the farm crisis of the I mean okay uh um you know uh uh uh well well well well well well well well well well 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what its its its its its its its its its its like so okay okay well well uh okay okay cost both farmers and and and and and and and and and and consumers and there's no one better to address that you know uh okay I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh um um okay topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his his his his his his his his his his life fighting for working Americans. He's um like you know okay uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning winning seats in the uh you know so well um okay you know um like Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant you know so so so so so so so so so so well uh like okay I mean uh I mean governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just just just just just just just just just just tell you like okay um like um so like um okay a little bit about about about about about about about about about about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts you know well well well well well well well well well well um so like uh so I mean well. I absolutely love it. It's completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools I mean um you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like okay uh that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your I mean you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know um so okay okay um computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So So you can hear it on Spotify um like well you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like you know so so Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast so I mean so well like I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really really really really really really really really really really everything that you like um okay so so okay uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it really really really really really really really really really really useful and accessible I mean I mean um so um well okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and really helpful. You can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can you can you can you can you can download the free anchor app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor like you know um okay um okay so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like the so so so so so so so so so so so okay um okay uh okay well well easiest way to get your feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet feet wet and jump into creating your own podcast uh uh so uh like like like like like like like like like like like okay um uh. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 minutes. You'll you know uh okay well uh well um uh uh be inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good morning I mean well well well well well well well well well well so I mean you know I mean okay well um and welcome to the the the the the the the the the the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next few well you know like um um um um um um um um um um um uh so okay like minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick around 30 minutes of motivation some I mean you know you know well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some some some some some some some some some some teaching from the word of God um okay like like so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay that will help you verify and identify the plan of God for for for for for for for for for for your life if I mean you know you know well uh like okay well so so so so so so so so so so you'd like to know that and if you want to orient and just to to to to to to to to to to the so so you know like well well well like okay plan then you can can can can can can can can can can do so you have freedom and privacy to I mean okay so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know well you know do that. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast like okay uh okay uh like you know okay um. Let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record uh well like like like like like like like like like like like so I mean um well you know and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer and covid distribute like well you know you know like I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh you know your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and okay you know I mean so okay you know know know know know know know know know know like okay well many more you can make money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with with no minimum. Listen ship is you know uh like okay like you know well you you you you you you you you you you know I mean everything you need to make podcasts in one place download download download download download download download download download download the free ankle up like so um okay well well so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is wealth talk I mean uh I mean uh you know uh um okay okay. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean so you know uh you know well wealth means wisdom expansion assets assets assets assets assets assets assets assets assets assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that like well you know you know know know know know know know know know know you know so well so you know wealth is not just about how much much much much much much much much much much money you have in your bank you know well you know so uh well uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get I get I get I get get get get get get get get get get I get I get I get I get I get I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of of of of of of of of of of The Forgotten podcast. My name is um so okay I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh well Kiran Krishnan. And today and today and today and today and today today today today today today today today today today and today and today and today and today and today I'm joined with swayam and and and and and and and and and and moanin and we hear talk okay you know I mean uh well like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like about something that is kind of alien to me. I I I I I I I I I I am not very I'm very like well so uh okay uh well well well well well well well well well well like I mean informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen tell me um I mean well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so um um something. Have you have you have you have you have you you you you you you you you you you have you have you have you have you have you watched Pokmon? Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes here yes here yes here yes here yes here yes here yes here yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes here yes here yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade like well so uh you you you you you you you you you you know um like you know well. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? where where where where where where where where where I when I when we grew up so uh so well um okay I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean you know we should just hang around and you know know know know know know know know know know oracle 3 2 1 let it okay like well so like like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic nostalgic nostalgic nostalgic nostalgic nostalgic nostalgic nostalgic nostalgic nostalgic moment. Yes, well I mean um I mean uh you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know so I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't realize um like well um you know well um so uh it. So it's like like like like like like like like like like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're you they're you they're you they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're you they're you they're you they're you they're you they're you they're you know so like like like like like like like like like like um okay so like um okay all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real real real real real real real real real real stories from okay I mean so okay like so so well okay modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st. Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis Francis um you know um I mean um like so uh um of Assisi Parish Parish Parish Parish Parish Parish Parish Parish Parish Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm well um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean um okay like um okay the youth Minister as the the the the the the the the the the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy okay like um uh um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super super super super super super super super super super special episode I mean uh like uh like well uh you know so for for for for for for for for for for you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a a a a a a a a a a like uh well okay so I mean you know okay you know week. Yeah. I'm due due due due due due due due due due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like okay so I mean um. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so so so so so so so so so so we actually have a special Lenten edition you know well okay so you you you you you you you you you you know you know um I mean um of the MDD podcast this week guys, we we we we we we we we we we do so we unfortunately don't have a like okay okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um um I mean guest this week, but we're going to talk all all all all all all all all all all things lent. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going to do some well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean okay um um well I mean things that are a little different different different different different different different different different different from what we usually do on a podcast you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh so you know you know uh and it switch it up a a a a a a a a a a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode you know okay um uh so so so so so so so so so so okay okay so well of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay uh you know I mean so I mean well spiritual principles and and and and and and and and and and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name well well well well well well well well well well okay um like I mean so well like um is Kevin Clarke. We are committed committed committed committed committed committed committed committed committed committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with um uh you know um you know know know know know know know know know know well I mean um um easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk away with practical tools to you know okay like okay like I mean so so so so so so so so so so well you know create radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to to to to to to to to to to this episode and okay I mean so um I mean uh okay so so also having having having having having having having having having having a new guest here. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and and and and and and and and and and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and so our special guest today today today today today today today today today today is Julie I mean so okay like I mean you know so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she she she she she she she she she she also like okay so okay I mean well I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know happens to be my girlfriend. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so so so so so so so so so so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's going to be a fun episode well well well well well well well well well well like you know so um I mean so okay okay. Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so so so so so so so so so so we wanted to talk about the topic like uh well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um I mean like of forgiveness. Do you want to start it it it it it it it it it it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world um you know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh okay okay um okay you know also do well is a complete complete complete complete complete complete complete complete complete complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you you know I mean um uh like well well well well well well well well well well like okay okay. Thanks. Hey, we're live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening happening buddy? Give thanks continuing well uh well okay you know uh um okay you know know know know know know know know know know education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need need need need need need need need need need to uh you know uh well like uh I mean so like start training your dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training well well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like I mean I mean like in this is the what would you you you you you you you you you you have to show when you do a you know well uh okay well well you you you you you you you you you you know okay like one-hour show today? It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping okay well okay um uh like like I mean well out onions, and I've Invest Invest Invest Invest Invest Invest Invest Invest Invest Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been uh you know okay like well like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean well things working and nothing's working. So that's so that's so that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's so that's wrong tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby so um well so uh okay well so so so so so so so so so so I mean. Oh my God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for for for for for for for for for for estheticians you know um well um you know so like okay uh. And those who who who who who who who who who who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals I mean okay um like um um um um um um um um um um well well I mean okay perspective. We're diving we're diving we're diving we're diving diving diving diving diving diving diving diving diving diving we're diving we're diving we're diving we're diving we're diving we're diving into our wise as as as as as as as as as as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys in okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh well um I mean separating the gimmicks from the real heroes heroes heroes heroes heroes heroes heroes heroes heroes heroes in skincare. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to the treatment room. Hi uh okay well I I I I I I I I I I mean so well uh well I mean everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with with with with with with with with with with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess and I so you know so you know like um um um um um um um um um um um um um am here with Lauren today. So we so we so we so so so so so so so so so so we so we so we so we so we so we so we have gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered a few questions. We would well so uh uh like well okay like I mean love love love love love love love love love love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering the um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like um you know uh you know like questions that are top of mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So So So So So So So So So So you know okay so like like okay so uh like today we are going going going going going going going going going going to be having a very special guest on which is so you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like um uh um Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but but but but but but but but but but not the first my daughter Carly well uh so I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um will be on later on talking to us today because we have have have have have have have have have have stumbled. On this article um I mean so okay well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know um that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on on on on on on on on on on America's kids belong and it the you know okay um uh um you you you you you you you you you you know uh like well research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have you you you you you you you you you you know so okay um um uh like so I mean for you. Hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like um uh like so um you know This episode were mainly going going going going going going going going going going to talk about no judgment the song and uh I mean um um um you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know uh the video as well as the falling music video which which which which which which which which which which came out today as we're well like um you know uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just just just just just just just just just just gonna talk about well well you know you know uh um uh uh well nylon nylon nylon nylon nylon nylon nylon nylon nylon nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a so so so so so so so so so so um like like okay um well I mean you know music Society. This podcast is is is is is is is is is is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians like uh so so I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know uh um that I think are doing really cool things things things things things things things things things things right now and ask them questions you know uh well like well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well about all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle like like like like like like like like like like you know like okay uh like well so so. So we're talking about the the the the the the the the the the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well so like you know um uh listen to the music that we we we we we we we we we we do welcome back to we live in a music Society um so like so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going going going going going going going going going going to get to call one uh so like uh so okay okay I mean well of of of of of of of of of of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made uh um um um um um um um um um um uh well you know um um well uh with only the freshest milk and cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for well uh uh uh you know so so so so so so so so so so um well well spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol ol ol ol ol ol ol ol ol ol should be the uh um I mean um well like so um so only only only only only only only only only only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing I I I I I I I I I I mean um well uh well well uh like so this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take well so so okay well well like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean my name is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David David David David David David David David David David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman I mean okay um okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh okay and Roger has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be be be be be be be be be be during the week is you know I mean um uh um okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like uh Thursday. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a a a a a a a a a a random holiday I mean well I mean okay uh like I mean uh okay in in in in in in in in in in the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean um like uh um you know um uh thrusted all of our holidays holidays holidays holidays holidays holidays holidays holidays holidays holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely tea. Guess what I so well uh well okay like I mean okay uh have some some some some some some some some some some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting like you know like like like like like like like like like like well you know okay uh I mean uh your very own podcast? What now? You You You You You You You You You You can with this really cool app well like like uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so um called anchor FM best part of this app is that it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's totally free. There's a you know I mean so um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so well creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone well you know you know so uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh or your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So So it can be heard um um okay okay well well so well like on on on on on on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um I mean uh you know um um uh podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one place you know so so so so so so so so so so so like um well you know so so. So make sure you you you you you you you you you you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in okay okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well I mean uh uh hat. Get ready, you're tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so so well uh bringing you the hottest trending topics on social social social social social social social social social social media to stay connected instagram.com. / you know so you know well okay so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know like lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney well well well well well well well well well well okay like uh well I mean okay you know like plus series after all all all all all all all all all all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter so um well um okay you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean um by at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black black black black black black black black black black suit with the green like um um you know um you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know so and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh um uh well you know well well circulating not long ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what we'll uh okay like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know well um okay be getting. This also leads us to wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid Loki like I mean well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well um as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or straight out out out out out out out out out out of well so uh like okay well okay well okay the comics. In fact, in in in in in in in in in in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in in in in in in in in in in fact, he's changed his form quite a few times after being brought I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um uh I mean okay like well well back to them dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead. And it looks like we're getting at least two versions okay well well okay so so so so so so so so so so like well like like so will be fun to see what else else else else else else else else else else we might see in the upcoming Loki uh so um I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I mean well like okay. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd like to see well you know okay I mean you know so like you know like in in in in in in in in in in the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe for um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well well um well so uh your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth in-depth in-depth in-depth in-depth in-depth in-depth in-depth in-depth in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie like like um well you know um so so so so so so so so so so like like news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if if if if if if if if if if you'd like so you know I mean okay you know um like um um um um um um um um um um like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your get your get your get your get your get your get your get get get get get get get get get get your get your get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and and and and and and and and and and night toothbrushing show um I mean uh okay like um you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with like you know know know know know know know know know know like well well um okay so um your brush around each to the ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring. It's heroines week where every day um okay I mean well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh um we talk about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the the the the the the the the the the story of the warrior um I mean I mean uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well okay Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the the the the the the the the the the royal family that ruled so I mean well okay I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know well okay over the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana Ghana Ghana Ghana Ghana Ghana Ghana Ghana Ghana Ghana. The you know well uh okay um okay well I mean so Ashanti people had had had had had had had had had had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's going it's going on you know you know so so I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um like okay and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's so well I mean I mean um so okay okay like up. Its Eli and and and and and and and and and and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode so so you know like like like like like like like like like like like well um well well. We're trying to get it started the podcast came about about about about about about about about about about with just an so okay well okay I mean like um well well idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea idea one night and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and and and and and and and and and and now well I mean well um you know um I mean okay so here here here here here here here here here here we are. So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay you know well okay uh do every weekend, but we figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured figured why not let our viewers and people outside of um okay um you know well well well well well well well well well well you know so um okay our group you're our thoughts and certain Interest on topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics throughout this community huge shout like well uh I mean um um I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know out to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night night night night night night night night night night. Yes. We're basically um I mean um like uh I mean well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well so I mean so I mean like so and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was allen was allen was allen was allen allen allen allen allen allen allen allen allen allen was allen was allen was allen was allen was allen was the first victim victim victim victim victim victim victim victim victim victim discovered in a so well so um well you know so okay you know know know know know know know know know know series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a a a a a a a a a a cautionary tale um I mean you know uh so well like so uh for for for for for for for for for for anyone traveling alone. If you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you enjoy the episode you're about to to to to to to to to to to hear and you know uh uh well you know okay um I mean like want to to to to to to to to to to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our okay um like like like like like like like like like like you know um you know um so um Series today and True Crime. You You You You You You You You You You can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can find new episodes every day follow today in I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well um so so well uh True Crime. On Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, like so well I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh so March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy Wendy Wendy Wendy Wendy Wendy Wendy Wendy Wendy Wendy. Allen a junior college like so um like I mean um like like well well well well well well well well well well student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched hitched hitched hitched hitched hitched hitched hitched hitched hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are back with back baby like you know so like I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh um like after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've been going to I mean um like um um well you know uh like be be be be be be be be be be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get one one one one one one one one one one like like well like you know so I mean like like back after Christmas and and and and and and and and and and then now it's very happy way and we have no excuses well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know you know uh okay so um. Just let's just just just just just just just just just just you know, he's busy he is busy and then we came back to um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay um okay like uh well UNI and we just just just just just just just just just just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna be completely honest with you you you you you you you you you you. We uh like so you know I mean uh I mean um well well well well well well well well well well promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we felt a void missing that that that that that that that that that that well uh I mean okay uh um like so so like, so now we're back back back back back back back back back back thing is though a lot of people have been saying uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know I mean I mean uh uh to us like when you gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? you know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh well so so okay so like Absolutely, not today. We We We We We We We We We We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what uh uh um uh like like like like like like like like like like you know so so um we all wanted by the end of it. I I I I I I I I I I think my jock lighter like I mean uh so uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well is in danger. He dies. I die. Most important most important most important important important important important important important important important important most important most important most important most important most important most important most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know so so uh I mean um so on? I need a a a a a a a a a a fam we're back for another day another week some more than 90 like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so I mean like okay I mean okay so welcome back to to to to to to to to to to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes I yes I yes I I I I I I I I I I yes I yes I yes I yes I yes I yes I yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes I mean you know well uh like like well well like and episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell you you know um um um um um um um um um um you know uh so you know uh so um really Sonu. I know know know know know know know know know know and I know there's some I love okay so off like so I mean um um um um um um um um um um so I mean uh um well the top as usual Betsy has given Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles The Rundown, but before we get to um I mean well uh like like you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean the news news, I got some things on the the the the the the the the the the top. I want to like okay I mean so um you know uh you you you you you you you you you you know you know talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know I mean uh I mean I mean okay so devotional where where where where where where where where where where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with so I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so so you know you know well well. Hope in in in in in in in in in in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we do not uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay so like I mean uh like I mean lose heart. Though our our our our our our our our our our outer self is wasting away. Our inner our inner our inner our inner our inner inner inner inner inner inner inner inner inner inner our inner our inner our inner our inner our inner self is being being being being being being being being being being okay so like you know well well uh so like renewed day by day for for for for for for for for for for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an you know okay so um I mean like like like like like like like like like like um okay well eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to to to to to to to to to to the things that well you know so like you know um well so okay are seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things that are seen uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well I mean okay you know well uh are transient, but the the the the the the the the the the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want to tell you about something that I like like like like like like like like like like. It's anchor if so I mean well okay I mean well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first first first first first first first first first first off well like okay like uh okay okay you know you know. It's free doesn't cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you money. There's I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so so okay okay like creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your um I mean so um uh I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well you know phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft craft have been completely I mean you know you know um you know so so so so so so so so so so you know uh uh made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you you you you you you. So it so it so it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it it so it so it so it can be heard you know you know okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so you know okay on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where where where where where where where where where where you would download a podcast. This I mean you know well I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh uh one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in in in in in in in in in in order to Make you know well so okay okay you know well well well well well well well well well well uh um money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you you you you you you you you you you record the ones so um you know I mean like well so uh you know know know know know know know know know know that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean um so you know so well okay need to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean I mean uh um so okay I mean start a podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download the I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know okay so like you know okay okay free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to to to to to to to to to to our sponsor anchor for well you know I mean I mean like well well well well well well well well well well well like you know giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All All All All All All All All All All right, this I mean I mean well like like so well um I mean is is is is is is is is is is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools so so so so so so so so so so like so I mean I mean um I mean I mean um that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer um well well well well well well well well well well like so uh like uh you know uh. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you so I can be heard uh uh like you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like like you know on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an an an an an an an an an an I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an an an an an an an an an an I'm an I'm an anchor acres are really so uh you know um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um okay cool tool and we're extremely happy to be partnered with them them them them them them them them them them and using them so you know you know like like I mean well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to help make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you you you you you you you you you you to make so well like like uh um I mean uh well money from the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um like well uh uh uh a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested in doing something like this, like like okay okay uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know, go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f like um well well okay well I mean okay um m-- to Started Started Started Started Started Started Started Started Started Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things uh like like like like like like like like like like well I mean uh I mean um like like LA Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here here here here here here here here here here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so what up? uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so I mean okay uh like um What up? And Spenny you you you you you you you you you you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I um okay okay well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well so like them. Anyway, when we show second game of of of of of of of of of of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has bargain has bargain has has has has has has has has has has bargain has bargain has bargain has bargain has bargain has bargain has bargain has has has has has has has has has has all she on top well well I mean so so I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of of of of of of of of of of the you know uh you know like I mean um okay um I I I I I I I I I I mean podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or or or or or or or or or or three months well so I mean okay you know uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. He has smelt a long story short may not going to be in in in in in in in in in in touch for okay you know like so well um well I mean okay a while while while while while while while while while while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn like you know know know know know know know know know know well so uh like uh I mean well road and we thought that the ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas and the conversation we were having may help a few okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know well um you know well okay uh older. So this is all very much part part part part part part part part part part in those thoughts into action. And if so um so okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know I mean we can help at least one other person as as as as as as as as as as a byproduct of our conversations recording so I mean okay you know uh um so so so so so so so so so so well I mean and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form form form form form form form form form form to do. So, so so, so so, so so, so so, so so, so so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so so, so so, so so, so so uh well uh uh well well well well well well well well well well uh so okay first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so so so so so so so so so so you can well so uh like so okay so I mean um get to to to to to to to to to to know us that more about who you actually listened to and then you know know know know know know know know know know okay like like okay well I mean you know um down the line move very very very very very very very very very very much want to delve into some of those deeper questions uh um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like I mean uh okay that may help others. So just by where where where where where where where where where where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from I'm from I'm from from from from from from from from from from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower you know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know okay well um like um okay here. We talked about everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find okay so like uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um so well lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day modern-day Parables. So grab so grab so grab so grab so grab so grab grab grab grab grab grab grab grab grab grab so grab so grab so grab so grab okay I mean um uh okay like like like like like like like like like like you know you know uh your favorite coffee tea juice or some high high high high high high high high high high quality water and join us for okay um like uh well okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of of of of of of of of of of like uh um uh uh uh uh uh you know her amazing Community, you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay uh so okay like family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean like uh you know um part of our family, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi so I mean um I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay you know so okay KC is Lady Danielle here? I just just just just just just just just just just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I I I I I I I I I I just I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your well you know so so so so so so so so so so you know um well uh okay okay podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay well okay so you know I mean okay show notes. Hello. I I I I I I I I I I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay like um um so to but I'm going to ask you in in in in in in in in in in any way. Well, there's nothing better like like uh um like I mean you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh than to know an answer that you like. So beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat so beat so beat so beat so beat so beat so beat so beat so beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat beat so beat the drum of it like I mean you know I mean uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well just to hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my my my my my my my my my my thoughts okay you know you know like like uh so like uh. Do you ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever hear me every time? Now that's funny you got in it you know well well well well well well well well well well well so like I mean I mean I mean like that far. My question was was was was was was was was was was sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to to to to to to to to to I mean uh uh I mean well um you know so um all of of of of of of of of of of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium you you you you you you you you you you know like um you know so uh okay I mean um account Spotify has has has has has has has has has has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you so okay well well well well well well well well well well so okay I mean uh okay well can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss miss an episode premium users like um so I mean so I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share share share share share share share share share share what you're listening okay um okay okay okay uh I mean well you know to to to to to to to to to to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be so so so so so so so so so so uh so you know I mean um okay uh well sure to download the Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or um uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh uh um like browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, make sure to follow me. So you well well okay well you know well you know know know know know know know know know know uh you know never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A Q&A Q&A Q&A Q&A Q&A Q&A Q&A Q&A Q&A edition of Optimal so you know like okay so you know um well uh Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show you know know know know know know know know know know so well well um uh uh I mean I mean. Welcome back to another special Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer uh uh um okay uh like like like like like like like like like like okay so you know your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I mean okay um so um I mean uh well I mean I have have have have have have have have have have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach well you you you you you you you you you you know like like okay um like um you know because I had been feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like I mean um I mean I mean uh hard it can be sometimes and and and and and and and and and and I realized I had allowed myself like uh like well well okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you know you know to fall into this pattern of just beating myself up in in in in in in in in in in a really unhelpful I mean like um you know well like um okay so. A way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, which I know better than to do but I just kind of I mean like like like like like like like like like like like uh well you know I mean okay you know got caught in in in in in in in in in in a loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach uh like I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay well uh I mean um said something to me so so so so so so so so so so very profound and the shift that it has created well uh well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean uh uh since then has been so powerful that he he he he he he he he he he just knew that I had to share it like okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know um I mean with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer. I'm Parker link like you know okay you know okay like you know know know know know know know know know know I mean so and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and and and and and and and and and and brainstorming title ideas um so so you know so well uh I mean well for for for for for for for for for for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit so sit so sit so sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit so sit so sit so sit so sit so sit so sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit sit back relax and enjoy too so like okay like well okay I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so. As we as we as we as we as we as we as we as as as as as as as as as as we as we as we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope we hope that you have some I mean um um like um so uh you you you you you you you you you you know well kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up up up up up up up up up up along with us with okay okay okay um okay like uh uh okay we we we we we we we we we we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the beverage of of of of of of of of of of um uh I mean you know okay uh so um like the night. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's our day off tonight. We usually we usually we usually we usually we usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually usually we usually we usually we usually we usually we usually watch a Lego Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters on this night, uh I mean well so uh I mean so like okay but but but but but but but but but but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So background on I mean you you you you you you you you you you know um like okay uh okay um okay Lego Masters, it was we watching the the the the the the the the the the Super Bowl. It was the Chief versus okay well um I mean okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um the And this one might have heard of it. I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with with with with with with with with with Ford copilot I mean so um okay I mean uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you know you know 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to to to to to to to to to to help you outsmart you know uh like okay you know well like you know so so so so so so so so so so some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then so so so so so so so so so so you know uh well okay you know um you know well there's Street Smart the the the the the the the the the the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March uh you know so I I I I I I I I I I mean like well you know okay okay 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 1995 1995 1995 1995 1995 1995 1995 1995 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson was arrested so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay like um like well you know you know for defrauding his superiors at at at at at at at at at at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He like I mean so um well well well well well well well well well well well you know like um would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the the the the the the the the the the collapse of one of uh you know well well I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't you don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't have time time time time time time time time time time to study for boards, but you um I mean like well you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr dr. Bradley is here to help on Bradley's micro like like so I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well uh Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one one one one one one one one one one to two board like I mean okay well you know like uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the important important important important important important important important important important facts for like um uh well you know uh okay uh you know an infectious agent agent agent agent agent agent agent agent agent agent and at least one original board style question for the ism like well you know know know know know know know know know know um well I mean you know you know well with an explanation subscribe anywhere anywhere anywhere anywhere anywhere anywhere anywhere anywhere anywhere anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you like like like like like like like like like like well I mean so uh okay well well like need to do this. Hello and and and and and and and and and and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast like so like you know you know know know know know know know know know know well like like like. I'm your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's woman's woman's woman's woman's woman's woman's woman's woman's woman's life coach and I hope women um like you know you know like um um um um um um um um um um um I mean so to harness the power of their period and connected FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM has blood in this I mean okay well okay like so like like like like like like like like like like like like episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um like like okay I mean uh sex business feminine flow your your your your your your your your your your brain energy and all the stuff to go through I mean like well well well well well well well well well well I mean um so um okay okay our heads. You will walk away from each each each each each each each each each each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink I mean so I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so like okay okay bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the the the the the the the the the the shit that people are you know you know I mean well uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean so uh thinking cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already already already already already already already already already already see basically uh I mean I mean you know okay okay okay like uh I I I I I I I I I I had to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in in in in in in in in in in like um like I mean um like okay so like Williamsburg now, but basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically what happened is like the laws in New York like well okay you know know know know know know know know know know so you know well so uh okay crazy with like subletting and whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever and I was I was renting a um you know okay well so so uh well well well well well well well well well well well friend's apartment and then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you yeah you know so so okay you know okay uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and and and and and and and and and and she just you know well so like like okay um like uh like got right and and and and and and and and and and did not try to get to know me at all was so well so uh well well well well well well well well well well okay so okay uh like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was was was was was was was was was was like, let's fix I mean uh uh so okay okay well um okay this this this this this this this this this this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's do well well well well well well well well well well like okay I mean um you know like well so this. Okay, there there there there there there there there there there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down to so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay okay um well you know uh business and I was like, I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know. I guess I feel like I so like okay um okay so like like like like like like like like like like I mean well always need to be in control and she's like, is that what what what what what what what what what what you um well I mean uh like so um okay like do comedy? And I I I I I I I I I I was like, I don't like I guess so, you know well okay like so so so so so so so so so so so okay well uh I don't know and she's like I am time time time time time time time time time time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think I think I think think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about about about about about about about about about about God's word like okay you know you know so um so okay uh life purpose values values values values values values values values values values and Faith through this podcast. We will we will we will we will we will will will will will will will will will will we will we will we will we will we will reflect more deeply on things things things things things things things things things things well so uh okay you know well you know uh uh that matter most most most most most most most most most most this way. We can we can we can we can we can we can can can can can can can can can can we can we can we can we can experience a life full of meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning and joy so I mean okay okay uh uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know I mean everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want want want want want want want want want want okay well like so okay like well I mean like you to tweet me your your your your your your your your your your feedback on how you like weekly be in okay um uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh okay like podcast form. So please so please so please so please so please please please please please please please please please please so please so please so please so please so please hit me up on on on on on on on on on on Twitter Gary Vee and just put um like you know um like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can can can can can can can can can can see your so I mean um you know I mean well uh you you you you you you you you you you know so feedback on weekly B7. Please hit please hit please hit please hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit please hit please hit please hit please hit please hit please hit me up up up up up up up up up up with some feedback on Twitter on how so I mean um so um um um um um um um um um um well I mean um you know you like listening to the Vlog and if if if if if if if if if if you're not watching the Vlog, it's like I mean um so you know so you you you you you you you you you you know like um youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody like okay well like like well okay you know know know know know know know know know know uh really excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching everybody's watching everybody's watching everybody's everybody's everybody's everybody's everybody's everybody's everybody's everybody's everybody's everybody's watching everybody's watching everybody's watching everybody's watching everybody's watching everybody's watching everybody's watching on on on on on on on on on on LinkedIn. Let's put uh um like okay okay okay okay well okay in your phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay um you know like um your phone number and your question and then then then then then then then then then then teams going to pick which ones okay so um uh I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well but I have the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings buildings and so like you know um well well okay I mean uh I want want want want want want want want want want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the so the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the the so the so the so the time is probably going to come when I delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete delete all these um you know you know you know like well so so so so so so so so so so like I mean episodes right? I think so. I don't want to just let it it it it it it it it it it sit here um you know well I mean I mean I mean I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh if I'm not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to so so so so so so so so so so um you know um well okay I mean um so you today is because because because because because because because because because because it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me um well you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay uh uh well um. This is warm when outside was still wearing a light down down down down down down down down down down coat. Had all had all had all had all had all had all had had had had had had had had had had all had all had all had all my uh uh well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know okay well stuff with me as most New Yorkers do we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're always carrying stuff. Just taking uh well well well um well okay you know um out out out out out out out out out out the trash. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked I'm shocked I'm shocked I'm shocked I'm shocked I'm shocked I'm shocked I'm shocked I'm shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked shocked I'm shocked I mean well well you know um uh uh uh um. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. Almost got killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know you know I mean okay you know so being polite. So I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so I so I was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm if I'm if I'm if I'm if I'm if I'm if I'm if I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm if I'm if I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money money money money money money money money money money comes into well I mean so I mean you know well you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I like so so I I I I I I I I I I mean okay well uh like well feel like a failure and that's like any any any any any any any any any any standard. So like if it's let's just say I mean so well you know um um um um um um um um um um so so um like like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a a a a a a a a a a so okay I mean like so well well uh well month or 500 like in in in in in in in in in in my mind unless we have a month where I'm um you know well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean uh I mean like tripling it out of nowhere then then then then then then then then then then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know uh you know well well um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know well why I don't know how to put that stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid. Why do why do why do why do why do why do why do why do why why why why why why why why why why do why do I feel that way? Why uh so um you know so so so so so so so so so so okay well uh I mean because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of of of of of of of of of of people that are way uh so okay you know well okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know uh outside of our means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. My name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name is well so um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh so okay Lorna Liz love and I am a success expert expert expert expert expert expert expert expert expert expert transformation strategist business mentor and like well you know okay okay okay like so so so so so so so so so so uh the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this and this and and and and and and and and and and this and this and this and this and this and this and this and and and and and and and and and and this is Clem and uh uh well uh I mean um okay like like like like like like like like like like like this is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how how how how how how how how how how it um like well I mean uh like uh like you know goes. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean like like I mean I mean uh like for a while while while while while while while while while while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay well uh uh well to say the thing the thing is is let's get get get get get get get get get get this intro music uh well um um I mean well um uh well. Hey, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind like uh I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh uh you know like you know of figuring out the Kinks Kinks Kinks Kinks Kinks Kinks Kinks Kinks Kinks Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you know okay so I mean okay like so eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure it it it it it it it it it it out. It's kind of kind of like like uh I mean well so you know you you you you you you you you you you know well nervous. But you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction Junction Junction Junction Junction Junction Junction Junction Junction Junction home base you know okay um well so like okay like I mean for for for for for for for for for for the moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would well well well well well well well well well well so you know okay you know you know so okay I mean always date white guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this uh you know well well well well well well well well well well I mean like you know okay I mean like all of this and I gave gave gave gave gave gave gave gave gave gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's okay like so so you know know know know know know know know know know like like you know like up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing much harjeet you having okay like you know well I mean so so you know so so so so so so so so so so a good day. I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I'm having a great day today - - - - - - - - - - do tell Yeah, I well um you know like you know um okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay woke up super early got a lot of work done one for a walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk uh um uh well um like so uh so worked out did some fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke um okay so um um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um up late. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and and and and and and and and and and you know so you know um well I mean like like um then 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 10 and then I just been sluggish but I'm about to power through you you you you you you you you you you know okay like okay uh well uh uh I mean this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with with with with with with with with with with my uh like I mean um uh you know I mean okay so co-host Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for sure like well well well well well well well well well well so okay you know so so so so. You know how we were talking. Am I I I I I I I I I I meeting right now? I just well like so you know I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know um uh got home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching munching munching munching munching munching munching munching munching munching on um well uh uh you know well uh like um some food. So I I I I I I I I I I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um well so you know so okay Miller. But yeah, okay. So I I I I I I I I I I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy so so so so so so so so so so well okay well um you know um um you know how in the the the the the the the the the the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack so well well well well well well well well well well like well you know um so I mean I mean up because I am not not not not not not not not not not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh well like I mean you know which I highly recommend to anyone. It is is is is is is is is is is a free app. It gives um okay you know you know um like you know know know know know know know know know know okay um you step-by-step directions on how to create your very own podcast. The The The The The The The The The The audio is exceptional. There well there well there well there well there well there there there there there there there there there there well there well there well there well there well like I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay uh um I mean are free editing's tools and the best part part part part part part part part part part is that they distribute the out your uh okay so well uh like like like like like like like like like like uh okay okay podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast just download you know I mean well um uh so well okay well the free free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor uh okay you know like uh uh okay um okay ANC hor dot f f f f f f f f f f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome you know uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean like you know. Welcome to another episode of the good sign with me me me me me me me me me me your host honest him in so so so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like like um well Tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's episode. I am I am I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of of of of of of of of of of a um you know well like I mean like you know okay um name yet? yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet yet I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last like um um um um um um um um um um okay uh well okay well okay I mean name kind of lame. But but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but then I was told that people may think that I mean um um um um um um um um um um like uh I mean like like I mean like breakfast at Perkins. Could Could Could Could Could Could Could Could Could Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like well um you know I mean you know you know I might do do do do do do do do do do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's so uh okay I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know well okay like everyone doing? I figured I would start start start start start start start start start start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement okay you know you know so so so so so so so so so so um um you know you know okay my thoughts that I have on other social social social social social social social social social social media platforms whether it be Snapchat uh so so well uh okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean like Facebook Instagram. What have what have what have what have what have what what what what what what what what what what have what have what have what have what have you first let me apologize. I I I I I I I I I I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just just just just just just just just just just I just I just ate Indian okay I mean I mean so well well I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean food and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee and um well um I mean um like I mean I mean you know thank you you you you you you you you you you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape we tape we we we we we we we we we we tape we tape we tape we tape we tape we tape we tape we we we we we we we we we we tape so I mean uh I mean um you know okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also also also also also also also also also also is okay well so um uh like so uh you know also a co-working co-working co-working co-working co-working co-working co-working co-working co-working co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have so I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so uh well um so a number of people who record here as as as as as as as as as as well. Now if you are enjoying the so like um so okay like uh well well well well well well well well well well like content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games games games games games games games games games games or um so okay I mean I mean um okay I mean uh let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like uh I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean okay I mean you know well I mean this this this this this this this this this this video click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot well so so um you know um I mean um I mean. If you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're if you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also also also also also also also also also also do leave um you know like you know so well you know okay okay a a a a a a a a a a comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean uh okay you know I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean um okay I mean you know I mean successful entrepreneurs are are are are are are are are are are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to to to to to to to to to to access okay you know I mean like okay um so okay um your free guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create uh you know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean I mean you know like I mean well. Begin right here here here here here here here here here here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so nervous like um um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh okay well. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over for over for over for over for over for over for over for for for for for for for for for for over for over for over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for for for for for for for for for for Blackbeard's fabled treasure um uh I mean you know like like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean. So far. Nobody has nobody has nobody has nobody has nobody has nobody has has has has has has has has has has nobody has nobody has nobody has nobody has been able to find it Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Rockefeller the youngest son um so you know okay like well you know okay so so so so so so so so so so of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off off off off off off off off off off the southwestern so uh okay um okay uh well okay so coast of what what what what what what what what what what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried you know um like I I I I I I I I I I mean like like um um um to swim to shore, but he he he he he he he he he he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 well I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean uh like extorted two hundred thousand dollars in in in in in in in in in in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These so okay uh like I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um like uh all have one thing in common, they're gone, but but but but but but but but but but we're looking for them. And you and you and you and you and you you you you you you you you you you and you and you and you and you and you know um uh uh like like like like like like like like like like uh um so I mean now we're working twice as hard as gone is now now now now now now now now now now a weekly show in like okay well um uh okay like so I mean addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay you know I mean like uh like like episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being being being being being being being being being being broadcast okay okay you know you know like you know you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain pain Rosales okay well so okay you know okay I mean well you know and thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean you know so uh um well show where we interview local local local local local local local local local local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger well okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um uh I mean well acts in the future today. I I I I I I I I I I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a so I mean like so so so so so so so so so so like like like so so local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourselves and say which which so I mean um okay uh you know I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know instrument you guys play starting off with you? What What What What What What What What What What up? What up? My name? My name um uh well so well you know know know know know know know know know know so okay like is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find find find find find find find find find find us on IG well um like um like like I mean you know okay recall recall recall recall recall recall recall recall recall recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? up up up up up up up up up I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that like like like like like like like like like like well well well like um well you know okay easy. You need to keep her her her her her her her her her her Smiles on but whether in your bed so uh uh so so um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know okay more targeted a good mood, but today get get get get get get get get get get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well um uh okay I mean like okay watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and and and and and and and and and and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was like so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay um okay um windy. It was super cold. We're going to to to to to to to to to to get more into detail about that here like I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so you know um you know um um soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by by by by by by by by by by our guests Jackson well I mean you know uh so okay you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good good good good good good good good good good. How are you? okay uh so you know like so so like uh Good good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks um okay um so so so so so so so so so so you know well um um um for having me and Jackson on no. I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, I mean, I mean, I'm really excited. This is the you know okay so well well well well well well well well well well like I mean like like um podcast. I originally wanted to do back in January January January January January January January January January January. So it's really cool. Nice little uh I mean uh like uh uh like like like like like like like like like like okay um full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able able able able able able able able able able to do like uh like well well uh okay I mean okay this this this this this this this this this this and on such a such a high note. Note. So for those of of of of of of of of of of like okay so well so like well I mean you know you listening at home both Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll so so so so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know well both be playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you you you you you you you you you you Sports basketball so Connor, so okay you know I mean you know so you know know know know know know know know know know uh um why don't you just tell us a little bit about growing up and and and and and and and and and and playing for the um um like so like so okay um like blues blues blues blues blues blues blues blues blues blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know so um okay you know um okay my first first first first first first first first first first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so so so so so so so so so so like like you know so I mean I mean you know like okay much for for for for for for for for for for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking the time well well well well well well well well well well okay um um uh um I mean so um to listen to me. And And And And And And And And And And so I am grateful and I do not take you know well like okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay the opportunity lightly. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this this this this this this this this this this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually airing a year to the day after a uh I mean well I mean well well well well well well well well well well uh um um um really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was was was was was was was was was was in a hard place I mean so so okay so okay you know like like like like like like like like like like well of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble me and and and and and and and and and and um you know uh so uh I mean so so um for me to take a a a a a a a a a a few steps back and really realize what are the gifts that you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know okay um I mean um God has given me what what what what what what what what what what has God given me to impact to make an you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay okay like like uh uh impact and I instantly began to write write write write write write write write write write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this okay like I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh I mean I mean desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about about anchor its easiest uh like I mean well I mean so okay like you know know know know know know know know know know way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There's creation tools that allow well you know you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so well you know well well you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer so I mean I mean um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so um anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be be be be be be be be be be heard on well okay you know uh uh like well you know well well well well well well well well well well Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum okay like okay uh so so um so I mean listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast all in one place. So download like uh like you know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay well so so the anchor app. For your phone or go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy uh well I mean so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going to to to to to to to to to to talk about you know you know okay okay I mean okay like you know um um um um um um um um um um President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am I am I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am I am I am I am joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by Jason I mean you know so I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um so like you know concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have have have have have have have have have have before. I know that we okay okay okay uh I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so like fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a a a a a a a a a a king like um like you know uh like you know um so. Oh my my my my my my my my my my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with with with with with with with with with with absolute like okay um um you know like I mean you know like power power power power power power power power power power. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not I'm not I'm not saying we need to go to some some some some some some some some some some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic you know okay I mean like so uh okay well well well well well well well well well well you know system. But look at England right now how much better would our our our our our our our our our our political discourse well so uh like okay okay you know okay so be be be be be be be be be be if we would just elect the king for every like a decade every 10 years years years years years years years years years years I mean like well okay okay like you know okay I mean. Donald Trump donald donald donald donald donald donald donald donald donald donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald donald donald donald donald donald donald donald donald donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're you you you you you you you you you you know well well okay uh I mean um so you know as prime minister is is is is is is is is is is actually making the decision, right? So he's have a guy like uh you know know know know know know know know know know like uh um okay you know okay who's a guy or a gal whose job job job job job job job job job job is to go to NASCAR I mean you know I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well well so um you know races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks fireworks fireworks fireworks fireworks fireworks fireworks fireworks fireworks fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about about about about about about about about about about well okay um so I mean I mean uh like uh starting your own own own own own own own own own own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor so you know so so so so so so so so so so like um um well okay well is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free their you know so um like uh okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean uh creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from your well okay uh you know like uh well um like phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. They'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll distribute they'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on on on on on on on on on on Spotify um um like um like uh I mean well I mean Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership like you know so so so so so so so so so so like you know um like um uh. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre like like you know I I I I I I I I I I mean so so you know you know uh app or go to Anchored ifm to get get get get get get get get get get started is beyond where you'll learn tips um like like um so uh uh okay like like like like like like like like like like and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal well like like like like like like like like like like so like well like uh well okay what scans to watch out for and much more more more more more more more more more more here's your host and one uh like okay uh well um I mean you you you you you you you you you you know well of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Davenport Davenport Davenport Davenport Davenport Davenport Davenport Davenport Davenport Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free free free free free free free free free free. Those well you know I mean well you know you know okay well um are creation tool tool tool tool tool tool tool tool tool tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well uh you know so like so your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So you can be heard um well well okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know um well well on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no like so well um I mean uh like so so so so so so so so so so uh minimum will listen to ship. Everything you everything you everything you everything you everything you you you you you you you you you you everything you everything you everything you everything you everything you need to make make make make make make make make make make podcast in one so you know you know well so so okay okay I I I I I I I I I I mean place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome you welcome you welcome you welcome you welcome you welcome you welcome you welcome you you you you you you you you you you welcome you welcome you know um um well uh well like uh you know know know know know know know know know know to our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called called called called called called called called called called. Was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it was it was it uh so I mean well okay so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh good for you? We're a we're a we're a we're a we're a a a a a a a a a a we're a we're a we're a we're a we're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria Victoria BC our theme song well um okay like so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like that you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can can can can can can can can can can check out uh like well um I mean okay like so so their new new new new new new new new new new release. Y'all ain't y'all ain't y'all ain't y'all ain't y'all ain't y'all ain't y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all ain't y'all ain't y'all ain't y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th. Our theme our theme our theme our theme our theme our theme our theme theme theme theme theme theme theme theme theme theme our theme our theme our theme um you know well so um you know you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever you know okay I mean so so uh like uh okay considered starting a a a a a a a a a a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know so you know I mean uh uh so I can't tell you how easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy it was for me to start my podcast and like I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh I mean okay okay get it up and running. Thanks to to to to to to to to to to Anchor with a couple clicks of the so okay uh like so uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know button. I had I had I had I had I had I had had had had had had had had had had I had I had I had I had my podcast out ready to go go go go go go go go go go on Spotify Apple like so so you know well well you know um you know know know know know know know know know know podcast and many other platforms again. It was so easy. I can you know know know know know know know know know know like uh uh okay uh you know uh like do it from my phone from from from from from from from from from from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I why I why I why why why why why why why why why why I why I why I why I why I why I why I okay so well well well well well well well well well well you know okay you know well well I mean want to do I can can can can can can can can can can do it. It's free absolutely free and they help um um well you know like so so so so so so so so so so okay um you know you with sponsorships. They helped me with so much. They literally do do do do do do do do do do it. All you know like uh like uh I mean well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I can't think of a better place to start a podcast for a beginner for for for for for for for for for for I mean uh um like so well you know like uh a pro. It doesn't it doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't it doesn't matter again. So download the free app today or go to Anchor okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like so uh so you know like um dot. F m-- to to to to to to to to to to get started again download the app today. It's free, or you like okay okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well okay you know can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of an an an an an an an an an an you know you know um okay well you know um um so introduction episode for the the the the the the the the the the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd give okay well so so so so so so so so so so like um okay well you know so you a bit of a rundown of what what what what what what what what what what this podcast is going to be about. Each you know okay so well well well well well well well well well well um well so uh you know week and give you a chance to subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe and get yourself set up for the you know uh well I mean um um um um um um um um um um like uh you know uh upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played played played played played played played played played played Super kosher about seven years and I've okay like uh well okay well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to to to to to to to to to to everything about the game you know um you know okay okay um so well you you you you you you you you you you know The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why don't I give give give give give give give give give give okay um I mean uh um well well like you know you my thoughts and and and and and and and and and and try and give you some tips and tactics to players who might so uh like so so so so so so so so so so well so uh I mean I mean be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening to to to to to to to to to to the I mean so okay I mean so so um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow him I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um you know well like like you know you know on Twitter at coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like like okay like uh I mean can record edit and publish all all all all all all all all all all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque well like uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay like well area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other other other other other other other other other other major podcast I mean uh so okay uh I mean I mean like so platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for um um you you you you you you you you you you know you know like uh okay you know um this thing to get launching launching launching launching launching launching launching launching launching launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name I mean I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean like you know you know is Adam Ludlow CEO and and and and and and and and and and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean um like so um based community in North Spokane that does coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly okay okay um so like well well I I I I I I I I I I mean so something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for for for for for for for for for for so I mean okay okay so so okay like I mean it to go. So So So So So So So So So So here we go with episode. I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want to talk a well um like I I I I I I I I I I mean so well okay well well little bit about why we're doing this and what to expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect expect and who it's for like I mean so like okay so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean. So let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of of of of of of of of of of our um okay so like okay uh okay well okay values that we've always had had had had had had had had had had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years uh um like okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean uh old is to always be improving. So I see this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast as an opportunity uh you know like you know I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so like um well like you know I mean other Dreadful Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other you know know know know know know know know know know well like okay um like so well um scary stories as well. Hey guys, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban so so um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like uh you know legends and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this this this this this this this this this this podcast, my name is you know um well so like like um um um Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean I mean uh well uh can go follow it on Spotify. So So So So So So So So So So you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so you so you would know when the next episode comes uh so so like like like like like like like like like like um uh okay you know okay out, you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie this took forever to record well well you know so um um um you know know know know know know know know know know you know like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling rambling rambling rambling rambling rambling rambling rambling rambling rambling. I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode you you you you you you you you you you know so like you know you know so well I mean like of Tales from from from from from from from from from from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to um you know know know know know know know know know know uh like uh so I mean you know I mean talk about the perfect storm of of of of of of of of of of things that are happening in the world that I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so uh well you know I mean are bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on on on on on on on on on on right now particularly this week in American I mean so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so um um well markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys are gonna like it okay I mean I mean I mean so so you know like like like like like like like like like like like quick one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina. This episode I mean okay like like I mean so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was was was was was was was was was was actually like so so okay well uh well um uh had a friend reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day like so um um like like like like like like like like like like uh um okay okay yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. Remember you uh well like you know well um I mean um okay told me download download download download download download download download download download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's like you you you you you you you you you you know um like um you know um I mean okay the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory so uh I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so well um um uh had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on on on on on on on on on on my cell phone showing them how you know um okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so well okay to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where uh like well um I mean like well well you know we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping okay okay so so so so so so so so so so so well um well um I mean business and on today's episode episode 4 of of of of of of of of of of the marketing week where every day we are uh so um like uh you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh like releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers landscapers landscapers landscapers landscapers landscapers landscapers landscapers landscapers landscapers starting like I mean well so like um uh I mean I mean a an an an an an an an an an an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do to be well well well well well well well well well well like um um um I mean okay um like able to track and Target keywords keywords keywords keywords keywords keywords keywords keywords keywords keywords to show up as a Top of search engine so um uh like like like like like like like like like like like like uh so like results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into into into into into into into into into into creating a website well uh so um well okay well uh uh. That is is is is is is is is is is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've been working on I I I I I I I I I I mean well so okay okay um I mean well like for the past 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 years at least now with creating websites and how two well uh okay um so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean okay I mean hearts keep was the next one in a series series series series series series series series series series of websites that I've created and it's it so um uh like well you you you you you you you you you you know um so you know is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay so uh uh I mean uh okay boys podcast before we get this this this this this this this this this this episode Ron. I really do want to you know okay um uh so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I I I I I I I I I I have a script you know so I mean well well like well uh okay I will admit admit admit admit admit admit admit admit admit admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way well you know know know know know know know know know know I mean um uh so uh you know I mean to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow uh uh so so so so so so so so so so I mean so you know um okay you know you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so well like like I mean like um podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like um so I mean I mean uh my bad and many more you can can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum I mean okay I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like like like listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in in in one place. Anyways, let's uh um so so like well so uh um get this this this this this this this this this this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We um um um um um um um um um um we um we um we um we um we um we um we we we we we we we we we we um we um we um okay so um so like okay uh you know got got got got got got got got got got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all we're all we're all all all all all all all all all all we're all we're all we're all we're all we're all we're all all all all all all all all all all we're all the um you know so uh like um okay I mean um hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so so so so so so so so so so okay uh like uh okay so like well okay good and how well for for for for for for for for for for starters it's free and their creation tools that okay um well so uh I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so uh let you record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer and anchor like like you know you know like you know know know know know know know know know know um like like distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So So So So So So So So So So okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so so so so so so so so so so okay so okay so okay uh like so okay you know well um well well well well well well well well well well if you're looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's um you know know know know know know know know know know uh uh uh uh like I mean you know right. Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the the the the the the the the the the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept I slept I slept I slept I slept slept slept slept slept slept slept slept slept slept I slept I slept I slept I slept I slept until like like like um um um um um um um um um um um so um um okay 9:00 today. Oh my God. Oh my God God God God God God God God God God. I tried all we can to well uh okay I mean like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know kind of maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Colton Colton Colton Colton Colton Colton Colton Colton Colton so um you know okay okay I mean you know I mean I mean Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a like you know like like like like like like like like like like I mean like um okay so you know podcast where we just talk about about about about about about about about about about things that are kind of cool to us um so well so well so so so so so so so so so so well okay um or relevant. What's on what's on what's on what's on what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's on what's on what's on what's on what's on what's on the deal today guys? guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys So today we first we just want like like like like you know well uh well well well well well well well well well well so to thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've We've gotten up to around you know like well uh okay uh well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Zindagi Ki you know um I mean you know well uh well like I I I I I I I I I I mean Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up hpw up hpw up hpw up hpw up hpw hpw hpw hpw hpw hpw hpw hpw hpw hpw up hpw up hpw up hpw up hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the the the the the the the the the the honey um like I mean like uh you know like well um covid educator educator educator educator educator educator educator educator educator educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time like well well well well well well well well well well like you know I mean I mean um I mean um major Nicole today today today today today today today today today today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental yields in I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so you know like like well you know uh Parnell. Now, you might might might might might might might might might might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell given that which is so so I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know I mean uh you know I mean an affluent suburb in in in in in in in in in in Auckland given that it is probably not likely an investor suburb well I mean um um um um um um um um um um um like so uh you know so or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well a couple of weeks like so so well okay you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one of the large banks in New New New New New New New New New New well so so okay like um okay you know like Zealand and they said can you you you you you you you you you you comment on an article that we're writing for uh um I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay so our website where they were showing by the latest core logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic logic data that the the well I mean I mean okay like like you know you know know know know know know know know know know okay median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent percent percent percent percent percent percent percent percent percent well um you know I mean okay like well so um. Whereas a one-bedroom one-bedroom one-bedroom one-bedroom one-bedroom one-bedroom one-bedroom one-bedroom one-bedroom one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that is 5.1% and they like well well well well well well well well well well so okay uh like like so like said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like you know like um well I mean I mean Ward where where where where where where where where where where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you thank you like you know well so uh okay uh okay like for joining us for for for for for for for for for for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And so you know well like so um so so so so so so so so so so you know well this week. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Day on Sunday the um I mean um like you know I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I mean uh 8th of March, so we thought it'd be a good opening opening opening opening opening opening opening opening opening opening topic as two like well like um uh well I mean I mean okay female female female female female female female female female female podcast. Has Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? week week week week week week week week week Okay, like um uh um uh uh well okay uh so I know in in in in in in in in in in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge um well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like I mean um um piece of news that was covered in in in in in in in in in in the media last week. So I thought you know uh well so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay okay it might be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly smaller you uh so you know so well so well you know uh story that people people people people people people people people people people haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week like um um um um um um um um um um okay well uh uh I mean well you know and stumbled across an article article article article article article article article article article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Whistler in uh uh uh so um like like uh like this podcast. What we we we we we we we we we we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio I mean like I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean like I mean you know okay versions of our videos that were were were were were were were were were were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, please so well so so so so so so so so so so okay um like I mean um like do consider leaving us a review on Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are say you know well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay well so I mean hi to me on social media on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am like well well like you know uh I I I I I I I I I I mean like um at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me me me me me me me me me me. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let let me let me let me know okay well like um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well I mean how you liked this show and let's get into into into into into into into into into into it. Hello. I'm Simon with um like well I mean uh so uh so okay Slayer Slayer Slayer Slayer Slayer Slayer Slayer Slayer Slayer Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking we're looking we're looking we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking at the the the the the the the the the the top so you know uh uh uh you know okay I mean um 10 successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful companies that started life as something totally different most of us so okay okay like uh like like like like like like like like like like you know well okay go through life and not knowing who we are or or or or or or or or or or what we want to do okay so well um I mean okay um so so so so so so so so so so okay at least until a few decades in we go through many false starts and and and and and and and and and and travel you know you know okay like you know uh like well okay through many dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead and paths until we find the one that's truly right for us uh I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean um so um so uh many companies are the same same same same same same same same same same often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if if if if if if if if if if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're listening to our podcast on able able able able able able able able able able podcasts. Could you could you could you could you could you could you could could could could could could could could could could you could you could you could you please well you know like uh so like like like like like like like like like like so uh so take a minute and give us a five star rating? rating rating rating rating rating rating rating rating rating This would really help us well I mean uh uh you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know um so to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is is is is is is is is is is Rory and we like like um you know I mean I mean like well you you you you you you you you you you know are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on on on on on on on on on on well uh well so okay well so like um March the 13th. We will will will will will will will will will will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from uh like like like like like like like like like like so you know so uh I mean so well four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time time time time time time time time time time. Yes, this is the unique time when you know so I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know uh so uh well you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and and and and and and and and and and Rory will be doing I mean um well uh I mean you know like um um um um um um um um um um um a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no no no no no no no no no no so no so no so no so no so no so no so no so so so so so so so so so so no so no preparation whatsoever well um like you know uh um um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone to to to to to to to to to to join in okay um I mean like like I mean you know okay like. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there is there is there is there there there there there there there there there there is there is there is there is there is there is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hart well like um like I mean okay uh okay you know. And today I I I I I I I I I I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz you might uh um um um um um um um um um um I mean well okay um I mean so okay remember them from a little show called called called called called called called called called called Glee or from their current phenomenal hit podcast you know like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um okay well like showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our our our our our our our our our our 30s or newly um okay uh um like well like like you know 30 learning how how how how how how how how how how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping I mean like okay you you you you you you you you you you know like um well um uh enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel like nervous today, but I so uh well you know so you know well um um um um um um um um um um I mean feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really really really really really really really really really really don't know why uh um so I mean um I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know you know listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this this this this this this this this this this was my frenetic trying well I mean I mean um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know like to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes. I said to all so uh okay uh uh so you know um like of of of of of of of of of of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to make sure the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know um so I mean um um like so um is set. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's nothing I hate more than when you show up to somebody's thing so you you you you you you you you you you know um like I mean well well I mean okay and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you if you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you have fight say you know uh okay so well well um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and mercy mercy mercy mercy mercy mercy mercy mercy mercy mercy in your okay okay you know okay you know uh um you know like life life life life life life life life life life. What a God we have to worship. What a what a what a a a a a a a a a a what a what a what a what a what a what a what a son son son son son son son son son son we have uh okay like okay um uh okay I mean like to praise praise praise praise praise praise praise praise praise praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may you may may may may may may may may may may you may you may you may you may you may you may you may may may may may may may may may may you may be seated in uh um um um I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you know uh so his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what is is is is is is is is is is on um well like okay I mean um you know so you know our Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my father I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean you know well I mean you know uh I I I I I I I I I I mean in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says he says he says says says says says says says says says says he says he says he says he says he says he says he says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business all business all business all business all business all business all all all all all all all all all all business all business all business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton Compton Compton Compton Compton Compton Compton Compton Compton Compton and Dominic Cardone Starts okay like uh like so well you know well so Now. What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's What's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's going what's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I'm uh I'm uh well so like uh well I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I mean here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it how's it how's it it it it it it it it it it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it it it it it it it it it it going guys? I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh uh you know well you know you know know know know know know know know know know okay so um doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, crazy, yeah, crazy, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, crazy, yeah, crazy, yeah, crazy, yeah, crazy, yeah, crazy, yeah, crazy, yeah, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV you you you you you you you you you you know well uh you know okay okay uh um okay talk now. It was it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it was it was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show so well um well well well well well well well well well well um okay uh well I mean. What a crazy episode that is what are are are are are are are are are are some good stuff to talk about tonight I mean like like well uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean like like. And so far first off we're gonna go with with with with with with with with with with like just this whole jugged 30 drama mystery you know so okay um um um um um um um um um um um so like you know so. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up up up up up up up up up up to their normal Shenanigans and I mean uh um like well like um um um um um um um um um um so um then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so like um so okay well so end and then of course course course course course course course course course course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown I mean like okay so so so so so so so so so so like so well like you know class president. So if you guys have a a a a a a a a a a class clown class present for this well you know uh I mean uh I I I I I I I I I I mean like like well episode, please start sending them in in the live chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat. I am Katie. I am I mean I mean I mean um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so well flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if if if if if if if if if if you have some thoughts I mean you know like uh like I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well well so that I can also cut you as you guys as my co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host because okay so like um uh okay okay like okay I will be relying relying relying relying relying relying relying relying relying relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what a way I mean uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um like I mean so to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about Brandon uh so uh um okay like I mean like like bills bills bills bills bills bills bills bills bills bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done it it it it it it it it it it so okay um well so so um uh so without you guys. So thanks for for for for for for for for for for everything and like my new front tooth. We also have um well so you know know know know know know know know know know so like so so like a new promo code its roots 15 use it it it it it it it it it it to purchase any apparel from Brandon uh so so okay I mean okay well um um um um um um um um um um uh bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's now, let's now, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's now, let's now, let's now, let's now, let's now, let's now, let's now, let's get get get get get get get get get get into this episode. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like like like like like like it's like it's like it's like it's like um um well you know know know know know know know know know know you know so I mean uh I mean it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome back uh uh okay uh uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is Ruth from you know um well well uh you know um okay you you you you you you you you you you know ACC media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got I've got got got got got got got got got got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth I mean like like um so I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about All Things New like uh um okay well you know so um okay Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So um um um um um um um um um um so um so um so um so um so um so um so um so so so so so so so so so so um so um you know okay like you know well like so well welcome guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting um I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh I mean you know um okay a fair bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across to cover you know know know know know know know know know know so I mean I mean I mean uh you know uh so this event event event event event event event event event event. Tell us tell us tell us tell us tell us tell us tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell us tell us tell us tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was born born born born born born born born born born um like um I mean so well um I mean well and raised in Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over to you know so so so so so so so so so so you know you know I mean okay well you know you know New New New New New New New New New New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay you know well I mean you know I mean episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn you know know know know know know know know know know so you know like so okay well um okay tools that you can can can can can can can can can can apply to your life to provide hope and help well um so um well you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know okay for you or a loved one with BPD BPD BPD BPD BPD BPD BPD BPD BPD BPD. I have been working as a uh like so okay well okay like well well well well well well well well well well you know licensed professional counselor and nutrition and mindset coach for many years. I am am am am am am am am am am the CBO uh I mean you know so uh okay okay so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay of an online counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful so so so so so so so so so so uh so well so I mean okay so you know couples and disconnected families navigate navigate navigate navigate navigate navigate navigate navigate navigate navigate through tough times. I love I love I love I love I love I I I I I I I I I I love I love I love I love I love the work that I I I I I I I I I I do uh um well well I mean well I mean uh you know so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is Cushy and this is Erica. We are are are are are are are are are are from Tata Institute of well um I mean like so I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the the the the the the the the the the podcast okay you know okay so so I mean so uh okay where we we we we we we we we we we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current social concerns well I I I I I I I I I I mean so um uh okay you know uh I mean to pineapple on pizzas and and and and and and and and and and everything else in between you plan on conducting interviews well so you you you you you you you you you you know like okay okay uh um like with guests from both within and outside of of of of of of of of of of our campus. We also plan on okay you know I mean well okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics topics we have something for our listeners like so okay uh I mean like so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as um um um um um um um um um um so well so um so like so you know a few surprise segments. I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope all this mess will join us on this journey okay okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay so you know filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, don't forget to tune in to like okay so um so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean goonch. Wide range wide range wide range wide range wide range range range range range range range range range range wide range wide range wide range wide range wide range of topics we have have have have have have have have have have something for our listeners as well. We will I mean I mean like well okay you you you you you you you you you you know well well well be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a a a a a a a a a a few surprise segments. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope I hope like you know you know um like like like like like like like like like like okay well you know um all this mess will join us on this journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay um you know okay so uh well hope you're well today. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I um like so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know so um had a moment this week with my coach about about about about about about about about about about accountability and I was really um you know uh I mean okay you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um surprised. It's always it's always it's always it's always it's always it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's always it's always it's always it's always it's always really surprising when you think think think think think think think think think think I've got that bit sorted and I mean so so um you know know know know know know know know know know so like like like I'm always really good at that and then someone asks asks asks asks asks asks asks asks asks asks you a question and you you know you know so you know so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean you know uh go always like that. I think I'm good at at at at at at at at at at that or the time actually good at that I mean so okay uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know uh you know so I have been challenged this week and And And And And And And And And And And it's hard. It's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard pushing yourself you know like like like like like like like like like like like you know so like you know I mean like through those challenges. It feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels it feels it feels it feels it feels it feels it feels it feels it it it it it it it it it it feels it feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh you know um I mean so I mean okay you your your your your your your your your your your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I don't want to like like like like like like like like like like okay um okay so well um uh um go there t harv Eker in in in in in in in in in in his book. The millionaire the millionaire the millionaire the millionaire the millionaire the millionaire millionaire millionaire millionaire millionaire millionaire millionaire millionaire millionaire millionaire the millionaire the millionaire the millionaire the millionaire mindset says life gets easy so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean you know I mean well like I mean when you do the the the the the the the the the the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the hard stuff. So like like so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean well uh I mean something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um so um you know uh to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super super super super super super super super super super fired up about weekly V O8 I said last uh okay so I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean okay um so time I promoted weekly be I I I I I I I I I I can't believe the comments people are kind of like you know I mean like well well well well well well well well well well uh well I mean so you know sit down like TV watching style throwing it it it it it it it it it it on the smart TVs and you know so I mean okay so like I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean things that nature. I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super flattered super excited about about about about about about about about about about it. This weekly be a uh okay you know you know uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John John John John John John John John John John and sampar, then there's I mean um um so you know like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um a really epic. A meeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting I had had had had had had had had had had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the so uh um I mean like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean I mean you know team that I own in the Call of of of of of of of of of of Duty League the minority owner along like well I mean so um like well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really really really really really really really really really really interesting gets into my um I mean well uh I mean okay uh uh uh mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's well there's well well well well well well well well well well there's well there's well there's well there's well there's well there's well there's well well well well well well well well well well there's well okay okay uh well uh like okay you know some Vayner Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did I did I I I I I I I I I I did I did I did I did I did I did I did I I I I I I I I I I did uh I mean I mean like uh well so like um with with with with with with with with with with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good good good good good good good good good good at I mean so okay um um like you know so you know procrastinating and and and and and and and and and and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay um uh uh you know podcast forever ago. And finally I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform uh um so okay um um um um um um um um um um um so uh um. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It It It It It It It It It It is free you know so so um well you know you know you know well well well well well well well well well well totally free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to like like like like like like like like like like so I mean I mean well so okay you know like record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute like well so uh so so so so so so so so so so so well you know you know your podcast for you so it can be be be be be be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and like you know you know okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so okay many more platforms you can make money from your podcast right right right right right right right right right right away with no so um okay like uh I mean well well you know know know know know know know know know know minimum listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a um um um um um um um um um um uh okay you know uh um like so so podcast in one place, please download download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor like okay okay um um um um um um um um um um okay uh like you know I mean dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. Trust me. You will not regret it okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh like um okay well like like. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay I mean uh okay you know me. If you follow me on on on on on on on on on on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you then you then you then you then then then then then then then then then then you then you then you then you then you then you will will will will will will will will will will you know you know like you know I mean I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know like know that I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with so so so so so so so so so so well you know I mean okay I mean uh like so the word of of of of of of of of of of God. And that and that and that and that and that and that and that that that that that that that that that that and that and that and that is basically the whole heart of this podcast I I I I I I I I I I mean um so you know you know so you know you know um will be be be be be be be be be be looking at real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, okay I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay well okay I mean I mean well we'll be using using using using using using using using using using and speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those like you know know know know know know know know know know uh okay uh I mean well okay you know challenges. My heart behind this is is is is is is is is is is that as we go through tests and trials which you know uh like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like um well we can't obviously avoid but we will our mindset that we we we we we we we we we we would go through well you know uh you know okay like um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh it will be different. I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am so convinced and I I I I I I I I I I have been challenged myself to apply you know well you know uh um uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. How's well you know you know you know uh so like okay so the the the the the the the the the the big man? I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't know 90 job that will spot spot spot spot spot spot spot spot spot spot you suspected of okay okay uh I mean well so uh um um mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you now you you you you you you you you you you now you now you now you now you now you now you now now now now now now now now now now you now you off okay like I mean I mean uh okay um so so so so so so so so so so so social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a so so so so so so so so so so um um well so uh um I mean uh whole bunch of things. But I I I I I I I I I I think for me the most important thing is well you know I mean so okay well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know like just to like get focused packable and I thought in in in in in in in in in in the beginning I thought I mean you know well well well okay like I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I'll take it back. But then I realize it sounds like they they they they they they they they they they really I need so okay like like uh so well um you know to eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship intrapreneurship intrapreneurship intrapreneurship intrapreneurship intrapreneurship intrapreneurship intrapreneurship intrapreneurship intrapreneurship uh I mean um well um I mean um like well does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka babka babka babka babka babka babka babka babka babka last week. I like well uh well like like like well you know went went went went went went went went went went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend there to to to to to to to to to to so I mean I mean uh I mean I mean um um okay do a a a a a a a a a a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and yeah had a a a a a a a a a a um I mean I mean well well well um uh you know good time time time time time time time time time time in general so good to be back right now and let's start off with with with with with with with with with with uh well okay um well well um I mean well a brand new podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This time I've invited Matt angleman and he says it's not uh so you you you you you you you you you you know well so like okay I mean uh the first time that he's in this this this this this this this this this this podcast. It's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually the second I guess I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay like I mean you know so he is the I think think think think think think think think think think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but but but but but but but but but but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you you you you you you you you you you a quick like uh um uh you know um you know you know okay update. Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast you know so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um um you know so tonight. I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there like uh you know okay I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um I mean so was a boot on my car because because because because because because because because because because if you've ever watched a any Parking so you know well okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um so so I mean Wars, they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been been been been been been been been been been stuck in Philadelphia. I just I just I just I just I just I just just just just just just just just just just I just I just I just I just got uh um uh um well well well well well well well well well well well well um uh free this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So So So So So So So So So So like I said, I'm okay like you know so you know I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a have a have a have have have have have have have have have have a have a have a have a have a have a have a good good good good good good good good good good time guys and man so like okay you know uh um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a a a a a a a a a a quick second to let well like um well I mean uh like well uh you you you you you you you you you you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean I mean you know okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so out there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's free it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free it's free it's free to like well I mean I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean use and has all the creation tools. You need to to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast okay um okay uh okay um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up up up up up up up up up up on Apple like okay well well uh um uh you know you know Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, you know know know know know know know know know know well I mean uh you know I mean well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean even if you're just starting out. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the perfect choice for podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters podcasters. So make sure to you know so like uh like so like so like check it out out out out out out out out out out download the free anchor a poor. Go to go to go to go to to to to to to to to to to go to go to go to go to go to go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- like like so you know well so I mean um okay to get get get get get get get get get get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees McKees Rocks. They were they were they were they were they were they were they were were were were were were were were were were they were they were they were okay okay um you know okay well you you you you you you you you you you know you know well that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do do do do do do do do do do a feature on a like okay okay okay so so I mean so um um um um um um um um um um cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so good like yeah a a a a a a a a a a well well like um um I mean well uh like very energetic and his voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice like a buzz saw like it was crazy voices just like well so I I I I I I I I I I mean like so uh like um doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is is is is is is is is is is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's I keep you know you know well okay um um um um um um um um um um like um um uh seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like like like like like like like like like like people you may know and you know like like you know so okay I I I I I I I I I I mean like um then I see him and it's like him singing while he's like like like like like like like like like like hanging cling to I mean I mean okay um like you know I mean like you you you you you you you you you you know it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I think yeah, they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're at their Christmas I mean like well well like you know okay um um um um um um um um um um okay show. He was he was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was he was like have like a sin a coat coat coat coat coat coat coat coat coat coat on and like the first note you know you know you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean like um of the first song He's already got the mic out out out out out out out out out out of the mics and okay well uh um so I mean like okay well well well well well well well well well well it has got the mic stand up here. Just good just good just good just just just just just just just just just just good just good just good just good just good just good just good good good good good good good good good good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that that that that that that that that that that if okay you know uh uh uh I mean like uh well you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay uh okay uh um um one of my pieces of content, there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's over 10 years worth of content okay um I mean I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know so so. There's over there's over there's over there's over there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's over there's over there's over there's over there's over there's over over over over over over over over over over tick like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight you you you you you you you you you you know like uh well you know uh like well like years and not have to to to to to to to to to to pay nothing. But guess but guess but guess but guess but guess but guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess but guess but guess but guess but guess what happened in those 10 like like like like like like like like like like uh like like like so okay okay I mean years Cam Newton start listening to to to to to to to to to to me and middle school and high school. Then I mean uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like um so well okay he went to Auburn and told the coach to to to to to to to to to to come get me. Then he went to the okay I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know like uh okay well well pros and told the coach. I got to to to to to to to to to to speak after all these kids in the like you know um you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um um hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So So So So So So So So So So when they went to the you know I mean uh um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL. They took their daddy with I mean well I mean you know so well like um um um um um um um um um um well them when they became preachers and start a church when they became CEOs or or or or or or or or or or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's you you you you you you you you you you he's you he's you he's you he's you he's you he's you he's you you you you you you you you you you he's you he's you know well okay like uh uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh been to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the the the the the the the the the the you know like I mean um I mean I mean um like like player's perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well well well um me today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys always appreciate you guys support so well um so I mean well um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't say thank uh um okay okay uh um uh I mean well you enough on on on on on on on on on on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall um um okay so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean okay well um of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio this audio this audio this audio this audio this audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio this audio this audio this audio this audio book summary is brought to you by by by by by by by by by by quick Read download our app um you know uh like um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries on personal I mean so um um uh I mean um uh you know development development development development development development development development development development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work work work work work work work work work work well well I mean I mean so you know um like so and get the the the the the the the the the the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to okay okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well like so uh Quick read.com app and download our app for free free free free free free free free free free today. Summary of summary of summary of summary of summary of summary of of of of of of of of of of summary of summary of summary of summary of best job you know um um um um um um um um um um you know like uh uh so like well ever by dr. CK Bray written written written written written written written written written written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated uh okay I mean okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know okay by Jim D Johnston introduction when people ask you what what what what what what what what what what you do for a um I mean okay uh well um okay well I mean living living living living living living living living living living do you joyfully say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo sS wo sS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so so so so so so so so so so ahead so so I mean you know well you know like so well well well well well well well well well well of my time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever uh uh so I mean well well so um you know see is me me me me me me me me me me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh like I mean well so like okay how to start. It's nice to to to to to to to to to to be back again. It is coming up on spring you know well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like so uh uh time and I'm excited about that because it's going going going going going going going going going going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like so uh okay well I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean okay well to say that I like cold weather, but I I I I I I I I I I think I like warm every now uh I mean um so I mean like you you you you you you you you you you know uh um and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for for for for for for for for for for me. I uh okay uh okay okay um um uh I mean can't quite sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I can share them. I've just decided not not not not not not not not not not um you know like you know uh like okay so okay to for quite some some some some some some some some some some time. But once but once but once but once but once but once once once once once once once once once once but once but once but once but once I do decide to share share share share share share share share share share promise, you'll understand I mean uh well like you know um well you know well why why why why why why why why why why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean um uh uh I mean okay so, but I'm definitely making a a a a a a a a a a little change. I would say little I guess well um like I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like like I mean well but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay okay like so um um who have been following the podcast for some some some some some some some some some some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert like so uh I mean well you you you you you you you you you you know like uh so or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the the the the the the the the the the field of adult so well um um well like uh like well development. And And And And And And And And And And if and if and if and if and if and if and if and and and and and and and and and and if and if and if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will will will will will will will will will will be after listening so okay so um you know uh like well so so so so so so so so so so to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview overview overview overview overview overview overview overview overview overview of um like I mean so you know like uh I mean um the the the the the the the the the the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the so okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know okay so okay so last 40 years. And the the the the the the the the the the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't um okay you know uh well well well well well well well well well well so uh um um just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for for for for for for for for for for me but also because I mean okay okay um you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so okay I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with sat with sat with sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat sat with sat with sat with sat with sat with sat with sat with with with with with with with with with with my morning pep talk okay I mean okay like so um okay like you know know know know know know know know know know for you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy Legacy Legacy Legacy Legacy Legacy Legacy Legacy Legacy Legacy. Now uh um uh uh um um well um um. What do we mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay okay I mean um I mean well us, you know, when I say say say say say say say say say say us I mean all of us medicos, I I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know um um so you know I mean I mean mean people like you people people people people people people people people people people like me people who opted to become a doctor you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like um so like okay because of a sub. Conscious calling conscious calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling calling conscious calling conscious calling conscious calling conscious calling conscious calling conscious calling conscious calling conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an like well okay you know well well well well well well well well well well so like um I mean easy profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that that that that that that that that that that we are opting I mean um uh uh you know um so uh well for for for for for for for for for for something which is a tough profession. We all we all we all we all all all all all all all all all all we all we all we all we all we all we all had our you you you you you you you you you you know, older brother I mean uh like okay well well well okay okay or brother's friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go so well well well well well well well well well well um okay well well well um I mean home. We went we went went went went went went went went went went we went we went we went we went we went we went we went went went went went went went went went went we went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV the ESPN of okay I mean well uh like you know uh um um um um um um um um um um well TV Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This This This This This This This This This This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode was I mean um okay okay okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean so insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us us us us us us us us us us tonight, but uh like you know well um so you know well well well well well well well well well well so we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a a a a a a a a a a b'nai Chatman like okay well uh well you know uh you know so. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Key okay okay uh you know uh um okay you know like up and and and and and and and and and and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened on on on on on on on on on on so like you know you know like um so so uh this episode that that that that that that that that that that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with I mean well well well well well well well well well well like okay I mean like okay well well ish and Madison, which was interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting. It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was interesting seeing is back in town okay well well well well well well well well well well well um um like like you know uh. He's back he's back he's back he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's back he's back he's back he's back he's back he's back he's back for a a a a a a a a a a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know I mean well okay uh well few months. I'm about about about about about about about about about about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm about I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad I'm glad I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a having a having a having a having having having having having having having having having having a having a having a having a having a having a hard time sleeping. Why is is is is is is is is is is that? You so so okay like you know I mean okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have um like like like like like like like like like like I mean like uh uh you know uh well to really focus on on on on on on on on on on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know well um okay you know um um um um um um um um um um uh you know well well. It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it you know know know know know know know know know know well uh I mean so you know I mean you know well loves and nourishes nourishes nourishes nourishes nourishes nourishes nourishes nourishes nourishes nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits like like like like like like like like like like like like like so well well you know uh are accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so grateful to welcome you like um uh you know well you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um to another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true true true true true true true true true true self okay well you know okay so I mean like uh you know for strengthening strengthening strengthening strengthening strengthening strengthening strengthening strengthening strengthening strengthening your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating um okay like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean you know um uh um your spirit. My name is is is is is is is is is is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your um uh you know like well you you you you you you you you you you know uh well I mean guides the real you. And today in episode 2 Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our intention is going to um like um um you know okay um um I I I I I I I I I I mean be helping each other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by by by by by by by by by by like well so so like you know I mean like you know understanding the power power power power power power power power power power of why why is the foundation that will keep you okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh like like I mean uh going when you want to to to to to to to to to to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm well well well well well well well well well well uh well okay well um I mean uh uh host Simon Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If um so so so so so so so so so so so um you know so so you know uh you want to go look it up up up up up up up up up up there and see the video version um you know okay you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh like of these you can do that. If you're enjoying this this this this this this this this this this show. Please do head so um well so um you know like well uh over over over over over over over over over over to Apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a a a a a a a a a a review so um uh okay like um uh so well. It would be kind of of of of of of of of of of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon I mean well you know like I I I I I I I I I I mean like you know um uh Whistler you're watching top 10s. And in the the the the the the the the the the video today, we're looking at the top uh like um well you know um um um um um um um um um um you know well I mean 10 horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 more than the mafia in so okay uh okay like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so America organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to to to to to to to to to to a combination of well I mean like so I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know okay you know Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although Although Although Although Although Although Although Although Although Although these Sicilian derived you know uh I mean well you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know okay you know Mafia May comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States States States States States States States States States States. They are um so um okay uh I mean um you know like far far far far far far far far far far from the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do do do do do do do do do do good a virtuous friendship um okay well like I mean uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the university well you know like um I mean like like well um Catholic. Welcome back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm Kylie and this this this this this this this this this this well I mean so um okay well um I mean um week we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern that we've um uh you know like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean so like so had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and and and and and and and and and and last week we talked about it. Chastity well uh um you know um um um um um um um um um um okay uh like um and this week we're talking about friendships and next week week week week week week week week week week. We're talking about a so like uh I mean I mean uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you have like like like like like like like like like like so uh you know I mean I mean I mean I mean you know a a a a a a a a a a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of of of of of of of of of of salt nutrition podcast I mean like okay okay okay like you know uh I I I I I I I I I I mean with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you thank you guys so much for so like uh okay I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so um like tuning in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who who who who who who who who who who okay okay um I mean uh okay um uh I mean what why when and how how how how how how how how how how of this podcast. So before so before so before so before so before so before before before before before before before before before before so before so before so before so before you decide to listen well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well like well uh okay so um to me, let me at least help you you you you you you you you you you understand who I am. I've been an RD um okay well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like um you know for about 5 years now. I've worked I've worked I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've worked in many different places. I started um uh well well I mean like you you you you you you you you you you know okay well off at a nursing home from there. I was able to go into a a a a a a a a a a okay okay um uh um well um uh so clinic Uncle setting working working working working working working working working working working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice Practice Practice Practice Practice Practice Practice Practice Practice Practice well okay okay so uh well like well so World, which is really where I I I I I I I I I I wanted to be I was able to sit with you know um you know I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay you know uh I mean people for longer periods of of of of of of of of of of time we set realistic goals, we had like like you know like um you know know know know know know know know know know I mean like well follow-ups and we were able to see each other for a a a a a a a a a a bit more than five or I mean well well uh like okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so okay ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze like I mean um I mean uh well uh you know well in a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so well um um so um okay point because they've been here for for for for for for for for for for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This This This This This This This This This This is a so so um so okay well like I mean like podcast. This This This This This This This This This This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to co-host a like like you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know you know well you know um one of us. One of of of of of of of of of of one of one of one of one of one of one of one of of of of of of of of of of one of one of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so well well well like let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what what what what what what what what what what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a like well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um well I mean like question. What's your question? Okay. So you said said said said said said said said said said you had to co-host and one like um I mean so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host um uh uh um okay okay I mean so you know. Matthew couldn't make make make make make make make make make make it so you two you're both your co-host your math I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know okay you know you know well like okay isn't working here buddy one just just just just just just just just just just four of us. Yes could yes could yes could yes could yes could yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes could yes could yes could yes could yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you you you you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you you you are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading so so so so so so so so so so okay you know uh so uh you know okay I mean and friendship matter for for for for for for for for for for women and how to make space in our lives for it uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know like so like I mean uh uh. I'm Marcy Stockman and author author author author author author author author author author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to help I mean you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh um I mean you know I mean like women women women women women women women women women women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time for for for for for for for for for for uh like I mean um I mean so so well well leisure friendship and and and and and and and and and and literature to view our booklets or join a group uh okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um you know I mean um near you visit while red knobcom knobcom knobcom knobcom knobcom knobcom knobcom knobcom knobcom knobcom. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of like well okay well um I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know you know well-read Mom. Thank you so much for for for for for for for for for for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited um um like okay well um you you you you you you you you you you know you know like to delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are are are are are are are are are are members and so so I mean okay uh like um uh uh leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders asked so we'll get started right away. The first the first the first the the the the the the the the the the first the first the first the first the first the first the first question that that that that that that that that that that came from our members this well so okay um you know um well um you you you you you you you you you you know year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand the the the the the the the the the the membership okay um well um well okay you know okay um terms meaning when women women women women women women women women women women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh you know like like so you know bhavana. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're both we're both we're both we're both we're both we're both we're both we're both we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're both we're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew grew up as okay so I mean like well I mean well like um best best best best best best best best best best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our um so like like like like like like like like like like okay uh like uh so you know own take on every situation and we're here here here here here here here here here here coming at you live from poojas um so okay uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh well basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not not not not not not not not not not live from I mean I mean okay um so um so well uh pooches basement door door door door door door door door door door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this okay okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know um okay uh so like episode of tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy March Welcome to okay uh I mean well well um you know like well well well well well well well well well well our third episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are we are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we are we are going to okay like okay you know you know okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know be talking about the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The The The The The The The The The The reason I want like um okay you know I mean so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to do this particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had had had had had had had had had had a had like um well so okay so okay uh uh a dream where I I I I I I I I I I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode in like I mean like okay you know so well um so a series is is is is is is is is is is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal with pondering so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean I mean so I mean well you know uh purple is to to to to to to to to to to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better understand um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um um well well the complexities that drive us the gifts and and and and and and and and and and the challenges the joys and so so I mean I mean um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated environment. Ain't there was so you know uh um okay I mean like you know like like like like like like like like like like a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from growing growing growing growing growing growing growing growing growing growing up between worlds well so uh okay like you know um so um and of the the the the the the the the the the push and pull of the happy and the hard then I went um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so I mean um so to a school for missionaries kids in Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany Germany when I was in ninth so uh well I mean uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I hadn't hadn't hadn't hadn't hadn't hadn't hadn't hadn't hadn't hadn't quite been you know well I mean okay so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um so able to put a finger on we're not just in me me me me me me me me me me my friends at Black so like okay so okay you know uh uh I I I I I I I I I I mean Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where that's where that's where that's where where where where where where where where where where that's where that's where that's where that's where that's where that's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups breakups breakups breakups breakups breakups breakups breakups breakups breakups are breakups are breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work work work work work work work work work work book series. The knowledge well okay well well um um well so well is focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay you know well I mean I mean okay information that that that that that that that that that that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your eggs okay okay so so so so so so so so so so like well so well um like available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there there there there there there there there there there. I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And you know you know um um um um um um um um um um uh okay I mean like um like in today's video. I'm going to to to to to to to to to to be talking to you about am I uh so okay I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh um dating an avoidant? Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so so so so so so so so so so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so I know there there there there there there there there there there are lots of new people that so you know like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well so discover my channel every day and every week and so the information information information information information information information information information information can be very um like like uh you know so well well uh overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um you know okay so okay so uh Ashlee of the - Lee's Lee's Lee's Lee's Lee's Lee's Lee's Lee's Lee's Lee's we are on a high right now. We just we just we just just just just just just just just just just we just we just we just we just we just we just we just filmed I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so uh you know okay you know well I mean one one one one one one one one one one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking you know know know know know know know know know know well you know uh uh well so okay okay from taking sides from Simply on purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose - we should ever on this okay well okay I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean so podcast. So that's going to be on big little little little little little little little little little little life right now. We have well um I mean so uh you know you you you you you you you you you you know well um all of your emails. We're just going to go through them them them them them them them them them them answer them with well like like so uh well I mean uh okay our our our our our our our our our our heart. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I like like like like like like like like like like you know uh you know I mean um I mean you know um are just just just just just just just just just just two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going going going going going going going going going going um uh I mean um I mean I mean like okay okay to tell you you you you you you you you you you what we would hope that we would do in these I mean I mean like um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay uh so uh situations. We would hope that we would do do do do do do do do do do and will also tell you what um so I mean I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like um I mean okay we have done which was probably what we hoped. We We We We We We We We We We wouldn't do combined with some I mean so you know uh well uh um um like like like like like like like like like like things. We've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've learned we've learned we've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. So without I mean okay okay um uh you know I mean uh well further Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, let's get started by do it looks of mine with the stuff from uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like I mean like so well like I mean books. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will will will will will will will will will will be back with a brand well I mean so well like so so you know well well well well well well well well well well new episode next week. But if but if but if but if but but but but but but but but but but if but if but if but if but if but if you need something to to to to to to to to to to tide you over until you know like uh like um uh like so so so so so so so so so so so then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's um like okay so like like okay so you know one of my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice well I mean so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like well so um columnist for the Boston Globe on on on on on on on on on on every episode of the show Meredith asked a you know you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay I mean uh uh complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from from from from from from from from from from people grappling with the same question well uh well okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so so like well in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story story story story story story story story story story of a single mom you know um okay uh um um well um like trying to figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's dating so um um um um um um um um um um um um well okay you know I mean like if you liked this episode, you can can can can can can can can can can hear every episode of Love Letters on like well okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean you know well Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at at at at at at at at at at ocbc treasury like um um I mean so so so I mean so so so so so so so so so so research and strategy. I will I will I will I will I will I will I will will will will will will will will will will I will I will I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a a a a a a a a a a regular you know um you know so okay so uh well okay basis. Now, let us us us us us us us us us us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh okay like like uh the covid-19 related upheavals and we are are are are are are are are are are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in terms of like uh um like so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean like okay global risk sentiment. After the after the after the after after after after after after after after after after the after the after the after the after the after the after the covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different parts okay so um um um um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well of the world. If you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you look at our effect sentiment sentiment sentiment sentiment sentiment sentiment sentiment sentiment sentiment sentiment index it now stands at extreme I mean um so you know you know so so so so so so so so so so you know like uh risk of level and three interesting things about how risk risk risk risk risk risk risk risk risk risk sentiment has like you know uh I mean you know I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so um evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in and and and and and and and and and and uh okay you know well I mean okay uh so well you're hearing this, thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you. That means that means that means that means that means that means that means means means means means means means means means means that means that means that means you're supporting that means I'm getting out there. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's you know well um um okay uh okay um uh Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will will will will will will will will will will be the fifth. So I look forward to my uh I mean well so like like like like like like like like like like you know so you know well first podcast. My first guest is going to be my my my my my my my my my my home gym ball good okay well um like okay uh uh I mean you know dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up a well well well well well well well well well well um like well you know well you know like uh lot about them, but but but but but but but but but but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well okay well um okay 1 so let's get this together and and and and and and and and and and do it. All right, if you're listening, thank you um okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know you know okay so for tuning in. This is the first show of of of of of of of of of of the Hobbies G show number one episode well like well well like um so you you you you you you you you you you know okay one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm gee, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gee, I'm just fucking a okay I mean you know well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh like well guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host host host host host host host host host host and ask uh you know so so you know uh okay um okay her her her her her her her her her her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real what a joke you you you you you you you you you you know okay like um like like okay um well. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk to the best like you know you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so uh okay well you know in the industry. Let's ask him some some some some some some some some some some stuff. See what makes them tick how they got so okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so um I mean so to where they are. Today. Today's gas gas gas gas gas gas gas gas gas gas today's gas today's gas today's gas today's gas today's gas today's gas today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's gas today's gas today's gas is going to take you back to you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like like okay I mean um okay school. So take out a pen pen pen pen pen pen pen pen pen pen and paper take some notes because I had the well I mean well I I I I I I I I I I mean like so you know um well dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar solar solar solar solar solar solar solar solar solar Savage. Fellas and ladies. She is so like well I mean so you know um um um um um um um um um um so so a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story story story story story story story story story story they kind of lost okay you know um well um like you know like you you you you you you you you you you know. She took she took she took she took she took she took took took took took took took took took took she took she took she took she took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed so so so so so so so so so so well well so you know um well you know so on the outside. I was was was was was was was was was was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a uh you know you know um well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean like like self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I I I I I I I I I I made in relationships to decisions that I I mean like okay well like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 months of um like I mean well like so okay well well my my my my my my my my my my life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay um um you know you know so well the finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding finding perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay um you know um um so with the intent of educating our our our our our our our our our our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know uh um um I mean of course New Perspectives. So today I have have have have have have have have have have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes purposes purposes purposes purposes purposes purposes purposes purposes purposes only and okay like well I mean like you know so well um um um um um um um um um um should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions expressed I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know um so uh you know like I mean by podcast participants participants participants participants participants participants participants participants participants participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the uh okay um um um um um um um um um um you know like I mean like okay so opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies companies companies companies companies companies companies companies companies companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on this well you know like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean I mean podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations recommendations recommendations recommendations recommendations recommendations recommendations recommendations recommendations recommendations nor reference pass their potential. Pets you know okay you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um I mean and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and and and and and and and and and and other alternative Investments I mean so um like um like like so you know are are are are are are are are are are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they are not not not not not not not not not not suitable well okay so okay so so well you know like for all investors investors investors investors investors investors investors investors investors investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we dive into well um so so so so so so so so so so you know um you know okay okay uh what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the the the the the the the the the the strategies of unique hedge fund um okay so uh you know okay you know so so so so so so so so so so like managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is is is is is is is is is is a so like um I mean you know okay well you know well process process process process process process process process process process for you. You're never arrived. It is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of you know know know know know know know know know know I mean um you know I mean you know uh uh well the the the the the the the the the the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of of of of of of of of of of Haven uh like okay I mean you know okay so you know uh and chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is to capture well well well well well well well well well well uh okay uh so uh you know like well the pulse of healthcare Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others across the I mean well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know so okay Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join join join join join join join join join join us today. Jacques well okay okay you know well so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data data data data data data data data data data um well um I mean um so well like uh science people and design thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had uh like okay okay like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know um well an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can Can Can Can Can Can Can Can Can Can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can you give us a brief summary of like okay well okay um well well well well well well well well well well so like well your career path today? And what and what and what and what and and and and and and and and and and what and what and what and what and what and what were the key career Transitions Transitions Transitions Transitions Transitions Transitions Transitions Transitions Transitions Transitions and decisions you made along so you know um okay um you know um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast okay you know know know know know know know know know know uh you know like well um um okay is all about life and all things things things things things things things things things things that comes with it. This is a safe you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you know you know um uh so I mean like space to be vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join um well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean okay like so okay me in rediscovered life complexities that that that that that that that that that that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love like well well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know so so gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so so so so so so so so so so this podcast will be all about all like well like well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know you know kinds of love. The love the love the love the love love love love love love love love love love the love the love the love the love the love the love we have for for for for for for for for for for ourselves hashtag self love and the love like well so you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so uh we have for friends and the love we we we we we we we we we we have for a significant other well I mean well uh um so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean and all the things that could mean love for anyone. So So So So So So So So So So let's not so okay okay okay so like well well so forget anything from from from from from from from from from from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean uh like you know I mean you know you would also also also also also also also also also also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so uh um well um well well a physical state to your Total Total Total Total Total Total Total Total Total Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is is is is is is is is is is the word um um you know um uh so like you know I mean tantamount spelled spelled spelled spelled spelled spelled spelled spelled spelled spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning well uh uh you know um um um um um um um um um um so so so uh equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a a a a a a a a a a sentence. His angry speech like well like you know so so you know know know know know know know know know know so uh was tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either either either either either either either either either either an anglo-french or well well you know uh like okay well okay um Italian term. ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to well well I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um um like uh um be confused with the similar sounding word Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and uh I mean I mean uh so well um you you you you you you you you you you know so importance are impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point point point point point point point point point point of Paramount significance. However, you know so I mean um like okay so okay like like like like like like like like like like both tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum momentum momentum momentum momentum momentum momentum momentum momentum momentum or up okay well you know you know like you know okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean I mean you know you know like like um episode of the the the the the the the the the the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat um like you know you you you you you you you you you you know um so uh so uh members on we're going to talk about UFC UFC UFC UFC UFC UFC UFC UFC UFC UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's okay you know like so so you know know know know know know know know know know like okay you know going down soon. You know what it is roll the the the the the the the the the the music. New Era podcast, I got uh like okay like I mean uh so like like like like like like like like like like well a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention okay okay like um so you know uh well okay yourselves real quick for for for for for for for for for for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a I mean well so so so so so so so so so so like um um you know so uh Garret everything UFC on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage uh okay uh you know well well well well well well well well well well you know uh I mean like MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to to to to to to to to to to go to 48 card. Wow um wow um wow um wow um wow um um um um um um um um um um wow um wow um wow um wow um wow um you know like uh so so so so so so so so so so well well okay so. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because because because because because because because because because because of you know you know like I mean uh uh okay uh I mean the the the the the the the the the the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going going going going going going going going going going um so like like um I mean so like so to get a chance chance chance chance chance chance chance chance chance chance to prepare ahead of time that they use okay um like you know um um um um um um um um um um so uh so um their wit's This is one of the track chapter 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 the weighing of the like like like so uh um like uh okay wands wands wands wands wands wands wands wands wands wands. When Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is Stu is what the fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck Jim talk. So I um okay you know like like well well you know um um um um um um um um um um made a post the other day about the you know, I even made a a a a a a a a a a podcast well okay well well okay um okay um I mean it was probably one one one one one one one one one one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about you okay so um um um um um um um um um um you know okay I mean well so like know, your gym not being the best best best best best best best best best best our today, you know, I think um uh um I mean um you you you you you you you you you you know so you know like it should be more of a pillar of of of of of of of of of of the schedule and I made this um like well um uh so okay um uh Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know well well uh uh uh I mean anyway, obviously you can can can can can can can can can can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual okay um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so uh well okay this Rob he owns a gym. I believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob um you know I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh um if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot shot me a DM and you just you know uh you know like um I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh okay like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think I think think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think think think I think this argument is pointless. I don't you know you know well like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well you know I mean get it. You should strive to do do do do do do do do do do both like and he just didn't agree with um well so uh like um like like like like like like like like like like um well it which was but he reached out to me and show me a a a a a a a a a a DM and I do um well um I mean um um you know you you you you you you you you you you know like what I typically do when I hit him with an audio message and and and and and and and and and and explain you know you know so uh I mean you know like uh you you you you you you you you you you know my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with a few few few few few few few few few few uh so like well I mean so you know I mean um audio messages and and and and and and and and and and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're going you know well um I mean well uh you know you know well well well well well well well well well well to find him. I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I I I I I I I I I I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe in you at Sea find your your your your your your your your your your father and we'll uh I mean I mean you know you know like like well well well well well well well well well well uh be a family again. All right. Close your close your close your close your close close close close close close close close close close your close your close your close your close your close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own own own own own own own own own own you know okay uh okay I mean okay okay like you know podcast piece of of of of of of of of of of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop so so um um um um um um um um um um um um well you know like well for creating your own podcast. It's free. It It It It It It It It It It allows you to record and edit your I mean like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean I mean so podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most like um like uh I I I I I I I I I I mean well so like okay major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an an an an an an an an an an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So uh I mean like okay okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um I mean well if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the the the the the the the the the the free anchor well so so like okay I mean okay you know you know app or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been okay um um um um um um um um um um you know you know I mean um I mean okay I mean a a a a a a a a a a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my um like like like like like like like like like like like um um you know like well well last, you know update on this kind of of of of of of of of of of coronavirus and all the things you know well I mean uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean okay kind of surrounding that that's you know, this this this this this this this this this this this this podcast this YouTube channel like you know like well so I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has has has has has has has has has has been that way um so you know uh I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know since you know, January 21st, when I kind of first first first first first first first first first first started talking about it okay well so I mean okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay and so and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms balms balms balms balms balms balms balms balms balms beard care okay okay you know uh so well so well I mean and and and and and and and and and and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed designed well okay I mean um um I mean okay I mean like and crafted crafted crafted crafted crafted crafted crafted crafted crafted crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um well well uh like uh so prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion for ten percent off your entire order use promotional I mean uh uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean okay like code Rua at checkout. And please and please and please and and and and and and and and and and please and please and please and please and please and please and please check check check check check check check check check check out the link in the show notes uh like um so um uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so. Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode today's episode today's episode today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent Lent Lent Lent Lent Lent Lent Lent Lent Lent we can't well okay you know um I mean I mean so uh um recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate like I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so okay well so so uh on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and and and and and and and and and and at your own pace like like well okay uh I mean um um um and and and and and and and and and and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh okay I mean okay okay um so 19. Total talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks talks total talks total talks total talks total talks total talks total talks total total total total total total total total total total talks total talks total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know I mean okay so so so uh make podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. First of first of first of first of first of first first first first first first first first first first of first of first of first of first of all, it's free second of all, there there there there there there there there there there so uh so um okay okay well like like is a creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well you know well so I mean so phone or your computer. Third Third Third Third Third Third Third Third Third Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So well so well like okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple past apple past apple past apple past past past past past past past past past past apple past apple past apple past apple past apple past apple past cut and and and and and and and and and and many others. Fourth so well like I mean you know I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you can easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need well okay well okay um you know well um like in one place place place place place place place place place place. Thank you. I've always I've always I've always I've always I've always I've always always always always always always always always always always I've always I've always I've always I've always been sure capitalists get their money money money money money money money money money money for any so you know um um well okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like small business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture Venture Venture Venture Venture Venture Venture Venture Venture Venture capitalists be okay you know you know like so like um like okay seized and and and and and and and and and and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so well so um you know like even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife show me I mean uh so I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um well Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have I have I I I I I I I I I I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have nobody on this podcast and there's you know uh you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um you know uh a good reason for it. I also just want want want want want want want want want want to say if the sound quality sound okay you know you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so so slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones headphones and that is because well well like okay uh I mean um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my whole life okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um okay you know um well so so up not thinking that that that that that that that that that that I needed me. Fines and fines and fines and fines and fines and fines and and and and and and and and and and fines and fines and fines and fines and I'm in the middle of like you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay well like uh um um a hotel because I also started started started started started started started started started started a new job last week. And yeah, it's all I mean okay so you know know know know know know know know know know you know like uh I mean you know decided to come at once once once once once once once once once once. But the reason I actually chose to do this uh okay um um um um um um um um um um okay so okay like um you know podcast and do this by myself is is is is is is is is is is because it's something that I want to uh okay so you know like um um um um um um um um um um okay well like talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once to a a a a a a a a a a perfectly honest, obviously um like um you know so like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council Council for more uh uh okay so um uh uh well you know information about the British British British British British British British British British British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British Council so I mean well well well well well well well well well well I mean so um so I mean um dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and and and and and and and and and and welcome to the language assistance podcast this episode you know well well well like well well well well well well well well well well okay uh um. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our our our our our our our our our our program and Beyond today. I'm like um uh so you know okay like like like like like like like like like like like okay joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues from different teams uh uh uh okay so you know so you know like programs programs programs programs programs programs programs programs programs programs and countries, although from different departments. We are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are all linked to the the the the the the the the the the language assistance so um okay okay like um I mean uh you know program through through through through through through through through through through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on the team I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean like like uh uh like uh so. So to start with can you you you you you you you you you you all introduce yourselves where your base and what um okay well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so um I mean team you are in? Stop with you Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based I'm based I'm based I'm based I'm based I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm based I'm based I'm based I'm based I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on on on on on on on on on on patreon? uh so like uh uh um I mean you know okay Folks Folks Folks Folks Folks Folks Folks Folks Folks Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor like I mean um okay okay uh okay okay okay which by the way way way way way way way way way way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain you know um um um um um um um um um um uh you know um so I mean like okay first off it's free, and and and and and and and and and and there's our creation tool that allows you to record um um um okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh um um and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute so uh um okay uh you know well uh I mean your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons of okay so so so so so so so so so so so um um um uh like uh other places and when you're ready to to to to to to to to to to start monetizing your podcast anchor Make it you know like you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know so um easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place well like uh like you know uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to so uh well I mean you know uh so so okay Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F F F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny well well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean well like okay so Lopez for the the the the the the the the the the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek well um so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean so like well um memo for March for 2020. I'm dropping dropping dropping dropping dropping dropping dropping dropping dropping dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it um uh um like like well I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay out. I fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to to to to to to to to to to do it you know I mean you know like you know well okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean our at night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like like um um I mean I mean you know so I don't have enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough enough time to do it in the morning. Like I like I like I like I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like I like I used like like like like like like like like like like so okay okay I mean um well you know like to kind of ran out out out out out out out out out out of time. So now I'm doing it like you know you know so so so so so so so so so so so like uh you know okay on my motherfucking lunch break. How to how how how how how how how how how how to how to how to how to how to how to how to how how how how how how how how how how to how to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your I'm your host every night and like so um okay so so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about well okay okay well like like uh okay I mean 2/3 Capital maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean so okay like I mean and what it is is it is the the the the the the the the the the situation where if you buy an uh uh um you know um I mean um um um um um um um um um um okay well existing property you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires requires requires requires requires requires requires requires requires requires a new like uh well um like like I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant significant significant significant significant significant significant significant significant significant so okay so I mean you know uh um okay um expense or or or or or or or or or or rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something like I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so okay you know you know okay so we necessarily budget budget budget budget budget budget budget budget budget budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen like well okay um um um um um um um um um um so like okay well well if every couple of months, so I not months every every every every every every every every every every couple of decades and well okay okay like um like um like um this is is is is is is is is is is actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh like like well well like um is nearly 2 pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm. And I am still in my pajamas that is not on well like so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean I mean um account of laziness that is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually on account of the fact that I have like um so so I mean so so so so so so so so so so so um so been working really really hard today been editing some stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff right now sweet bear and uh okay so I mean um uh um um um um um um um um um um um um I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down down down down down down down down down down here to meet so well I mean so so uh you know um you you you you you you you you you you know. Eat us in a few days. It's one it's one it's one it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's one it's one it's one it's one it's one it's one it's one of our our our our our our our our our our good friends. It's her birthday and um like well like well well okay I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and and and and and and and and and and some of Friday you know so so like um okay well you know know know know know know know know know know um off. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was was was was was was was was was was like my big well um so you know uh so you know you you you you you you you you you you know like day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can unplug unplug unplug unplug unplug unplug unplug unplug unplug unplug so you know I mean like um uh I mean well you know a a a a a a a a a a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends to to to to to to to to to to celebrate you know you know you know um okay um okay like uh big shout out out out out out out out out out out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think I think I think I I I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um you know you know well well okay I mean to finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making well like um well well well well well well well well well well well like um well so for years. I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I have I have truly wanted to do this this this this this this this this this this. God has put it uh well you know well um you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so down in my spirit to do it. But to be completely honest with you you you you you you you you you you so well um okay like um okay I mean so. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are are are are are are are are are are breakups are breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work work work work work work work work work work book so you know uh you know you know you know so I mean okay series series series series series series series series series series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas areas retaining uh um um um so like you know I mean uh the information information information information information information information information information information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of and of and of and and and and and and and and and and of and of and of and of and of and of and of of of of of of of of of of course re I mean um like so well uh uh well you know attracting your eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so you know uh okay well. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going going going going going going going going going going to be talking about soul mates. So uh so you know uh okay um well well well well well well well well well well I mean like some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of of of of of of of of of of you like well well you know so I mean I mean so um don't some some some some some some some some some some of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you I I I I I I I I I I mean um um well like uh you know okay I mean don't but today we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I you know I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um you know well have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's going what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's going what's going what's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this episode number okay okay I mean uh uh you know you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And And And And And And And And And And then we're I mean well I mean okay okay okay okay okay uh going to to to to to to to to to to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I like like um um um um um um um um um um I mean um I mean I mean I mean well hope you guys are doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just moments um well I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay I mean um okay like before coming into my garage to to to to to to to to to to record this for y'all. I was out in um uh you know so uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels so feels so feels so feels so feels so feels so feels so feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels feels so feels so good and it's well well okay okay like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh you know actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going going going going going going going going going going to talk about today so so so like um well um um well. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like like uh so I mean um the best right after the winter time time time time time time time time time time. Right? Like right when you've endured like I mean uh so like um um so so so so so so so so so so okay like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're out doing those you know uh okay uh okay you know well you know know know know know know know know know know well runs. They're just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course course course course course course course course course course you you know I mean well you know uh you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own own own own own own own own own own like I mean I mean well well you know um so so horror horror horror horror horror horror horror horror horror horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the the the the the the the the the the world okay so like okay okay so well I mean okay. There's a new all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know okay okay you know well to make a podcast and and and and and and and and and and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll uh like well okay well well well well well well well well well well you know okay so like need to record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer and even okay uh I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well I mean well better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that that that that that that that that that that way it gets on well I mean well so well so um so so Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you so I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um uh okay okay okay I mean need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting so so I mean well um um you you you you you you you you you you know you know well for download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to to to to to to to to to to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so you know Smith for the next 20 minutes. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going I'm going to need you to sit down and okay well um well uh like like like like like like like like like like I mean um well buckle up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it it it it it it it it it it ain't always pretty well like I mean I mean I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um welcome to the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith well well well well well well well well well well so okay okay like well well um like. Today. We're going to talk about Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates so well well you know so so so so so so so so so so okay um okay okay are falling in line because they're wussies after that that that that that that that that that that. I thought it was Right that well um well so so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, we're going I mean so I mean um okay I mean so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians okay so so so so so so so so so so like well like uh um okay uh all just lost to no preference shocking. By By By By By By By By By By the way. There's ever anything that you um so you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so okay um I mean uh want to hear on an episode of break the cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How How How How How How How How How How okay um I mean you know okay well so so like are you? All doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing today? I've had I've had I've had I've had I've had I've had I've had had had had had had had had had had I've had I've had I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know you know I mean you know like like like a a a a a a a a a a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this well well well well well well well well well well like I mean um like well um um um episode. So I'll record it and and and and and and and and and and then I'll save it to come out later you know like um well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay well so so because I will be traveling back to to to to to to to to to to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before uh so like uh you you you you you you you you you you know you know like like like then you'll remember that that I was in in in in in in in in in in vacation in Hawaii while I still so well well so uh okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know am when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this this this this this this this this this this one like you know I mean I mean well uh okay okay so will you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane you know know know know know know know know know know um well well well okay so well I mean or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment uh I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so okay like like well uh trees trees and trees life nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature sustainability. Just one just one just one just one just one just one just just just just just just just just just just one just one just one just one request someone treat and um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so I mean okay like like so on Essentials biodiversity. Those are are are are are are are are are are what some people think about Forest, but do we I mean well okay um um um um um um um um um um well I mean I mean you know okay really know about it? You are you you you you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are are are are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get um well like well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean like you know so your hand. India's a podcast brought to to to to to to to to to to you by C for Annie graph. When we hear I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know like well well you know I mean you know the word science, we often often often often often often often often often often think about equations and a technical approach to problem solving you know you know know know know know know know know know know okay so so I mean okay you know you know this podcast series aimed aimed aimed aimed aimed aimed aimed aimed aimed aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science of Forestry agroforestry like so um um um um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean so and Landscape true stories real life life life life life life life life life life experience and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together together together together together together together together together together in one okay um like okay well okay okay well I mean place suddenly a a a a a a a a a a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know you know so uh well I mean filled the the the the the the the the the the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed you know so so so so so so so so so so I mean so so I mean okay okay I mean to be tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean well well you know uh of them. All of all of all all all all all all all all all all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of of of of of of of of of of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well uh uh okay um. To speak in other tongues as the spirit enabled them them them them them them them them them them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem okay um I mean uh you know well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh um God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I if I if I if I if I if I if I if if if if if if if if if if I if I if I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it it it it it it it it it it really took me by like I mean uh okay um um like um so surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like you you you you you you you you you you know like so um well okay um well um I always thought that was like like like like like like like like like like a staple at the drive-through like oh, um um you know um so so so so so so so so so so so uh so okay I wonder exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you you you you you you you you you you. I'm fucking ready for like well okay I mean you know so like like so it it it it it it it it it it. Dude. I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we we we we we we we we we we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we pull up up up up up up up up up up I order uh so so uh um so I mean I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I was like, oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay I mean uh you know okay so like bowls amount of times times times times times times times times times times. You've guys you've guys you've guys you've guys you've guys you've guys you've guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys you've guys you've guys you've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with with with with with with with with with with that shit well okay you know well like like so so so and and and and and and and and and and guess what? I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I I I I I I I I I I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't get wedgies because what was was was was was was was was was was it Ben it was french um okay like uh okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know fries. They are they are they are they are they are are are are are are are are are are they are they are they are they are they are serving friend you you you you you you you you you you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't um I mean so okay um um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very very very very very very very very very very it's very it's very it's very it's very it's very it's very it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's very it's very it's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth I youth I youth I youth I youth I youth I youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth I youth I youth I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um you know like okay um series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, which is available on so like so okay okay um um uh you you you you you you you you you you know the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at at at at at at at at at at youth Ministries to you know okay um um like you know okay um um see see see see see see see see see see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time um like like like like like like like like like like like well you know uh well um so with him. Remember your remember your remember your your your your your your your your your your remember your remember your remember your remember your remember your remember your remember your your your your your your your your your your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission like uh um like like like like like like like like like like you know like so okay uh today will be reading from number 17 verses verses verses verses verses verses verses verses verses verses 8 through 10. Then Moses then Moses then Moses then Moses then Moses Moses Moses Moses Moses Moses Moses Moses Moses Moses then Moses then Moses then Moses then Moses then Moses sent I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well so well so okay to Cora here. Now you sons of of of of of of of of of of Levi it is a small well okay uh I mean well you know I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well thing to you that the god of Israel has separated you from from from from from from from from from from the congregation um you know so well I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well you know of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind okay well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay uh uh uh uh on their retirement savings imagine if your family family family family family family family family family family could learn to budget save and okay uh uh well um I mean well well well well well well well well well well well like invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to to to to to to to to to to show you through my own experience um so I mean okay okay uh like so so so so so so so so so so um exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement retirement on um like I mean so you know like like um you know or before before before before before before before before before before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I um like like like like like like like like like like okay uh um like okay um you know have been married for nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with no I mean like like like like like like like like like like okay okay I mean so well okay uh student loan debt and have taken our our our our our our our our our our household income from zero to over a like you know so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um like you know hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to to to to to to to to to to invite you to so like so well okay uh I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you know fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can use use use use use use use use use use you know uh I mean um you know you know um you know well well well well well well well well well well to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the first ever episode of version final final final final final final final final final final a podcast about where ideas like you know uh you know okay so so so so so so so so so so so like like come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The The The The The The The The The The creative agency um like I mean I mean well okay you know um um um um um um um um um um okay accounting Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know well okay um I mean well um technology education and and and and and and and and and and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a like um I I I I I I I I I I mean like like you know uh well um black box to those of us who who who who who who who who who who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope we hope we hope we hope we we we we we we we we we we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope these like like so so so so so so so so so so so um so like like like conversations can shed some light on that as work becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes more D industrialized and more so okay I mean uh like so uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative as part of of of of of of of of of of our I mean um like um um like well I mean so jobs. Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate incorporate incorporate incorporate incorporate incorporate incorporate incorporate incorporate incorporate constraints so um you know well like okay um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how how how how how how how how how how to um I mean I mean uh uh uh um I mean um tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about about about about about about about about about about ideas okay I mean um well I mean you know okay so so came came came came came came came came came came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy um um um um um um um um um um you know so uh like like okay you know like. You are of course listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening in with the big man the force and I'm uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well like um uh I mean so glad to finally I feel like I I I I I I I I I I tell you what, I feel like I mean like uh um you know um like like like like like like like like like like uh okay the flow from What's the what's the book about the white way? I I I I I I I I I I well like I mean well so so like well well feel like I've caught the white white white white white white white white white white whale and I finally got every in the in I mean like well like well well well well well well well well well well like I mean well like the podcast with us. So well, thank you. So So So So So So So So So So good to finally have you alone? How uh um you know I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay um many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that that that that that that that that that that we need more voices well okay so um um so like well so in in in in in in in in in in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to to to to to to to to to to the well you know um I mean you know you know um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing unfolding before before before before before before before before before before our eyes. There um okay like like well you know like like okay are are are are are are are are are are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to to to to to to to to to to start a uh well um okay um so okay like uh podcast anchor dot f f f f f f f f f f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you if you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you haven't so um um so well I mean um well well heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um well um okay well it's free. There's Russian tools that allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your uh uh like I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know like podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So you know so you know like like like like well so it it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean uh um like um so make some money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need I mean you know you know well uh you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know like to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if if if if if if if if if if you're interested download the free anchor app I mean so like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay uh uh or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to to to to to to to to to to take um okay you know you know I mean okay uh so so a moment to to to to to to to to to to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having a so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um like well okay I mean good time doing these because my my my my my my my my my my goal is to put the truth out well like I mean so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well you know there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to to to to to to to to to to first timers or uh I mean you know you know um okay um um um um um um um um um um uh so those who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a a a a a a a a a a better idea so um you know so I mean um so so like on how how how how how how how how how how to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for um okay you know know know know know know know know know know so like like like well I mean you. Today is going to be be be be be be be be be be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just you know um like well you you you you you you you you you you know well okay uh okay laying some truth out there for you to give give give give give give give give give give it some thought uh like I mean you know so so like okay um um um um um um um um um um as you enter a diet or if you are in the middle of a I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know uh uh uh well you know uh diet or even a contest contest contest contest contest contest contest contest contest contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first I'm first I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm first I'm first I'm first I'm first I'm first I'm first I'm first I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor why because it's the okay so you know so well um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let let me explain number one. It's free. It's free like I mean well like well well well well well well well well well well so um I mean like. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on on on on on on on on on on there's creation tools that like uh well so okay so well uh um allow you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor so so so so so so so so so so well I mean well okay so uh okay like will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast so I mean like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so um um and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on on on on on on on on on on. I've never heard of well I mean okay I mean you know um okay well well well well well well well well well well well thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's you know well like you know well um okay like like everything. You need to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot I mean well I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know like okay so you know can I'm thinking of starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that well um I mean I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay um podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor dot. F like so well you know I mean you know okay like like like like like like like like like like you know m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining Examining Examining Examining Examining Examining Examining Examining Examining Examining The well you know um um um like well like you know True Crime cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well uh well um I mean so joining us. We can't wait to share share share share share share share share share share the details of this wild episode with you okay okay well like I mean so so so so so so so so so so like uh okay. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in so in in in in in in in in in in so in so in so in so in so in so in so in so in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like well I mean so okay you know so so there's many things but but but but but but but but but but one of the one of them that bothers me that the like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay you know like like you know kids do would be standing or or or or or or or or or or walking on the couch. There's six there's six there's six there's six there's six there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's six there's six there's six there's six there's six of us in I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well so so um um like this household and this couch is falling apart. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're supposed to sit on a couch like um you know like I mean like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean not walk on it not run on it it it it it it it it it it now jump on it and dance on okay okay like you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like so it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so um I mean I mean it. So when so when when when when when when when when when when so when so when so when so when so when so when so when when when when when when when when when when so when you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed you know um uh like you know okay okay I mean uh to but they just just just just just just just just just just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay you know I mean so like like well but when you catch them, them, them, them, them, them, them, them, them, them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well so so uh uh okay so them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was by by by by by by by by by by you know you know okay I mean okay uh okay I mean I mean your boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy Mac. Now you now you now you now you now you now you now you you you you you you you you you you now you now you now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody for so uh you know I mean you know so okay uh uh taking the the the the the the the the the the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we shared I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know I mean I mean um uh I mean everybody out there. You already already already already already already already already already already know man, you're we just out here trying to I mean like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um so so I mean teach people knowledge and wake them up on the the the the the the the the the the deception. You already know. No, well uh uh okay well so uh so you know we have have have have have have have have have have a few subject we go get into today and talk about it like like like like like like like like like like like you know you know well so um uh well discussion. You know, first first first first first first first first first first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they like you know like okay so so so so so so so so so so so uh well uh got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just not too long I mean like you know um um okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your I'm your host development Ronnie okay like you know I mean well so well well well well well well well well well well I mean so. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a a a a a a a a a a platform dedicated I mean so um you know you know okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean um to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for um um um um um um um um um um like I mean like so uh I mean uh like the first ever episode of of of of of of of of of of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a um well so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh you know you know leotard ceiling Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who who who who who who who who who who recently resigned from a you know um you know like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean okay boutique investment and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a a a a a a a a a a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day I mean well um like you know well um um um um um um um um um um uh okay duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending attending attending attending attending attending attending attending attending attending to um like I mean well I mean uh well so um any legal governance matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters matters for the organization. She's abiding she's abiding she's abiding she's abiding she's abiding she's abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding abiding she's abiding she's abiding she's abiding she's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the like well well well well well well well well well well uh okay you know you know I mean you know you know probation was was was was was was was was was was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're your hosts you know okay like you know I mean you know like you know know know know know know know know know know well. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The The The The The The The The The The Disappearance and I mean so okay so well so so you know like murder of of of of of of of of of of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's so well well well well well well well well well well well I mean so uh so okay um Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and and and and and and and and and and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house well I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean I mean so um near Anaheim at the time of of of of of of of of of of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and okay like so well I mean well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean well her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is is is is is is is is is is not in the picture and um like like um um okay so um okay he actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well well well so you know you know you that we ask all all all all all all all all all all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words well I mean um um I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean uh uh that you would use to describe yourself three and and and and and and and and and and I have to just so I mean um like I mean uh well you know well well well well well well well well well well narrow it down to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a a a a a a a a a a so uh I mean um okay okay so like uh dad joke I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if well well I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean okay so um I mean I responded that way but here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's my try. So why did the dad so uh so like well so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean know that? His baby his baby his baby his baby his baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby his baby his baby his baby his baby his baby daughter would be a a a a a a a a a a great marketer. Her first her first her first her first her first her first her first first first first first first first first first first her first her first her first word was so okay like well I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean um um so Data I tried. And what is one random thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing that you wish more people I mean uh I mean um well so so so so so so so so so so well um uh knew that almost anything is possible. The Harvard the Harvard the Harvard the the the the the the the the the the Harvard the Harvard the Harvard the Harvard the Harvard the Harvard the Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to to to to to to to to to to give you uh uh like uh so you know okay well you know guys a quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh like like uh you know I mean favorite artists and podcasts in in in in in in in in in in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary like so okay okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so like you know um Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic including the one you're listening to well so uh I mean okay so uh um um um um um um um um um um um right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an an an an an an an an an an episode you know well so um uh you know okay like I mean you can share share share share share share share share share share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are uh like I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean okay you know you know well a premium user you can can can can can can can can can can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you you know so I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh well well well like are. So if you haven't done so so so so so so so so so so already be sure to download the well well well um I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library library library library library library library library library library like like like I mean I mean like you know like okay Tab and and and and and and and and and and give us a follow. So you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking of which like well okay like so I mean um like so let's see see see see see see see see see see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily like well so so so so so so so so so so so um well uh you know okay episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot of them them them them them them them them them them like okay so um okay you know uh so um out there. But me I'm stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, that's um uh um um um um um um um um um um you know so well um uh like the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me me me me me me me me me me would be liquid swords from the jizya you know I mean you know you know like like like like like like like like like like you know I mean um I mean. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I I I I I I I I I I am your host old head. Once you know uh like so okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know um uh again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question question question question question question question question question question is off the table well um okay uh okay um well like you know know know know know know know know know know each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing well so so so so so so so so so so um uh okay well you know you know I mean the questions that really matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from uh like I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um you know like transport to safety and housing to to to to to to to to to to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in like okay um uh like I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean so the hot seat. My name is is is is is is is is is is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism you know okay um okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um uh you know at the University of the west of England. My name name name name name name name name name name is Simon white. I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying media well okay so well you you you you you you you you you you know um um um well and journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second second second second second second second second second second year. What is what is what is what is what is what is what is is is is is is is is is is what is what is what is the I mean um you know well well well well well well well well well well well so I mean I mean you know impact of the withdrawal from the the the the the the the the the the EU on the student population? Well, I understand uh um uh um so um um um um um um um um um um um like like from what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying applying applying applying applying applying applying applying applying applying for overseas like you know you know uh you know uh uh I mean okay hasn't necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and and and and and and and and and and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Monique Monique Monique Monique Monique Monique Monique Monique Monique Joven well okay you know like like you know so you know like. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about okay well like like like like like like like like like like so okay so well um okay Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the the the the the the the the the the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing like you know so uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh well with you a conversation. I had I had I had I had had had had had had had had had had I had I had I had I had I had I had with therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships um so like okay so like okay well well well well well well well well well well okay and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them to to to to to to to to to to I mean so you know I mean you know uh uh you know like like like like like like like like like like understand what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma so so so so so so so so so so like so okay I mean you know like uh well and the sea. Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes Comes of comes of comes of comes of comes of comes of comes of comes of comes of comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to another @t @t @t @t @t @t @t @t @t @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off um uh like uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um okay I mean with our new podcast. We will we will we will we will will will will will will will will will will we will we will we will we will we will we will have have have have have have have have have have Kim's calendar. So before we move on you know uh um I mean you you you you you you you you you you know well okay well uh to some of the events that are happening, I I I I I I I I I I think maybe we should talk about I mean well um so so you know know know know know know know know know know uh so like mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Kate. I know you uh uh I mean I mean so you know so so so so so so so so so so you know like were I thought you want to tell us a bit about about about about about about about about about about us. Oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I I I I I I I I I I oh, I oh, I oh, I mean well okay like um uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College College College College College College College College College College Dublin for two days you know uh like like okay I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful and I mean like I mean you know well okay well I mean um um um um um um um um um um un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they they they they they they they they they they also um uh like well so I mean I mean so so our country country country country country country country country country country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great at uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um um uh um I mean such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor professor professor professor professor professor professor professor professor professor emeritus uh I mean uh like you know uh okay um okay of Psychiatry and and and and and and and and and and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in uh um uh like um I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh you know Charleston. I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and and and and and and and and and and official Journal of the American like um you know so you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know College of clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck wreck wreck wreck wreck wreck wreck wreck wreck wreck about her editorial titled so uh uh uh okay um well so like oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir for all. Become an become an become an become an become an become an an an an an an an an an an become an become an become an become an over the counter medication for influenza influenza influenza influenza influenza influenza influenza influenza influenza influenza treatment. Dr. Rack well you know so I mean uh uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has has has has has has has has has has contributed several so you know you know I mean um uh well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I um well well well well well well well well well well well uh um okay uh I mean uh that I have. Um, I'm here here here here here here here here here here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you I mean so so you know know know know know know know know know know well uh like so you know doing? I'm good how happy happy March. Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March okay uh okay so uh well well well well well well well well well well well well okay. Oh, you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really really really really really really really really really really stupid because I so you know uh you know uh like uh you know you you you you you you you you you you know had to ask you a question about leap year. What did what what what what what what what what what what did what did what did what did what did what did what did what what what what what what what what what what did what did you ask me to um okay I mean like well you you you you you you you you you you know well um okay remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up up up up up up up up up up with the kid whose dad so like um okay I mean well uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only only only only only only only only only only well well I mean I mean so I mean like so I mean like like like like like like like like like like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know uh you know I mean like and it's whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um well like so you know like could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they they they they they they they they they they celebrate it on the 28th or today uh I mean well um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well uh. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird. I know I mean um I mean um I mean uh well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. Do you know how leap year started? No, it no, it no, it no, it it it it it it it it it it no, it no, it no, it no, it no, it no, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you you you you you you you you you you I mean well um I mean so so you know well okay were leaving for for for for for for for for for for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit you know like you know know know know know know know know know know like like you know like so uh. I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever. This Mike's this Mike's this Mike's this Mike's this Mike's this Mike's this Mike's this this this this this this this this this this Mike's this Mike's this Mike's doing here. Yeah, I like you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know I mean like so guess we'll guess we can use use use use use use use use use use it like well as well we got a I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um you know like well um podcaster. Anyways, yeah, let's use that that that that that that that that that that. Yeah, what's yeah, what's yeah, what's yeah, what's yeah, what's yeah, what's yeah, what's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, what's yeah, what's yeah, what's the name of this um well um I mean you you you you you you you you you you know okay like like you know podcast again? Just the tea podcast just just just just just just just just just just to see what we do on this thing you know like you know um you know know know know know know know know know know well um you know I mean. Just talk about whatever's two guys filming filming filming filming filming filming filming filming filming filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you you know well well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean so don't like tea. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I I I I I I I I I I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I like coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so so so so so so so so so so it's so it's so it's so it's that I'm a big tea you know know know know know know know know know know well um well so like I mean so like. I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't like like like like like like like like like like coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I I I I I I I I I I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I mean my my my my my my my my my my personal favorites you know uh you know I mean um okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean uh. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I think it's um like you know I mean uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um uh pretty good. What about what about what about what about what about about about about about about about about about about what about what about what about what about what about you for coffee or tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea or coffee for coffee? I uh okay okay I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well you know truly like espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you you you you you you you you you you made this podcast if it's okay you know so well so like you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean just called just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves those? you know you know you know you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know you know you know you know uh I mean like um um um um um um um um um um um um well you know Well, I don't know I do call coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee. I was like why not like well like you know well like like you know know know know know know know know know know well we can call it just the tea guys, but then we're just two two two two two two two two two two uh like like uh okay I mean um um so guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted I I I I I I I I I I mean well like like so you know I mean I mean you know us to to to to to to to to to to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is so well well well well well well well well well well well so uh you know um um uh jam-packed with Theology and interesting thoughts and and and and and and and and and and just like amazing Epic. Ders that you know you know like like um well well well well well well well well well well uh okay um people quote all the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different different different different different different different different different different and Romans I mean okay okay I mean well I mean so okay um 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 we're dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with um well well well well well well well well well well okay like I mean I mean um well okay the question of is is is is is is is is is is the law of God really written on the human heart no um so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay so uh um matter where they're at. No matter where they've grown up or or or or or or or or or or what they've heard you know okay like uh I mean um so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay all their lives and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the you know know know know know know know know know know you know you know you know like you know you know well um ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways that we can act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know uh you know okay uh uh uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock so uh um I mean you know well well so well was there and I I I I I I I I I I am also here we are three and one after a um I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh so I mean you know I mean decisive victory over the Seattle dragons dragons dragons dragons dragons dragons dragons dragons dragons dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it so you you you you you you you you you you know okay um um you know like you know I mean was going to be be be be be be be be be be a blowout. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I would agree. We all know about that that that that that that that that that that uh so so okay well uh so well uh line and how it moved over the the the the the the the the the the past past few days before the okay okay you know okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean um you know you know game started. I talked myself out of of of of of of of of of of I talked myself out of taking the you know um uh like so like like like like like like like like like like well well okay dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have have have have have have have have have have you know you know so well I mean I mean like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back to the nope. That's not well well um uh okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um you know uh what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I I I I I I I I I I cannot express to so so well uh you know like so uh um um um um um um um um um um you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes with you. I'm sitting you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean so I mean well like okay you know down and and and and and and and and and and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This is something that we uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um um so like um um um both have discussed often in our friendship as as as as as as as as as as we talk about other crazy uh uh okay so so well um like so so so so so so so so so so spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt like it you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean like okay I mean okay uh well was truly crucial And And And And And And And And And And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health the culture well so um you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay um um okay of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something so something so something so something so something so something something something something something something something something something something so something so something so something so something happened with the podcast. Once we finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished finished recording an entire session well like you know you know I mean so well so so so so so so so so so so so. It was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone microphone is broken or something happened and we um okay I mean well um well um um um um um um um um um um uh well couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put put put put put put put put put put it onto like well well okay you know I mean okay okay uh my laptop laptop laptop laptop laptop laptop laptop laptop laptop laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little better at things like like like like like like like like like like uh okay well um um so like so well clicks. Yeah, and so so so so so so so so so so we don't know if this is recording actually has any so so you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh so uh like like so we're just going to apologize in advanced and and and and and and and and and and hope that you still enjoy Listen to well I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you know uh like uh uh okay the podcast, please do all right, we're families to to to to to to to to to to feed. Let's roll onto the normal well I mean okay uh I mean uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world where two boys talk about I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean like so well I mean like okay things and their names are are are are are are are are are are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um well I mean well okay like of getting in in in in in in in in in in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the tools okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay well so um I mean well you know and the tactics tactics tactics tactics tactics tactics tactics tactics tactics tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired. I am you you you you you you you you you you know uh well you know um you know you know uh um one of of of of of of of of of of the few people in this world who got hired twice by McKinsey well like okay I I I I I I I I I I mean you know well like I mean uh. So I Ali know how how how how how how how how how how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going okay um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well like um well to share with you what I've learned in 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years um well so like okay I mean you you you you you you you you you you know uh so as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and and and and and and and and and and my learnings go in I mean okay uh like I mean um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um here and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very very very very very very very very very very cool I mean well uh so well you know well um so bunch of people people people people people people people people people people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together together together together together together together together together together before well so um okay um um okay okay like the work week. It includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes the kids because we really enjoy our time off on uh well um okay well well well well well well well well well well so so you know you know Saturdays and Sundays as a family and and and and and and and and and and we just got a lotta things that okay you know like uh um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given given given given given given given given given given against um so well so so like uh so I mean towards the evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to so so so so so so so so so so so uh you know um you know um so like be done for tomorrow? Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing lunches so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so like well um well. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we we we we we we we we we we gotta get back to well I mean you know I mean okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because because because because because because because because because because it's a you know okay uh I mean so you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so like i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't even wait to okay I mean um you know okay um uh um well well well well well well well well well well go back and like know I hate school. I don't think they really do so so so so so so so so so so okay okay um so well uh um uh like I think they like to see see see see see see see see see see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, anymore, anymore, anymore, anymore, anymore, anymore, anymore, anymore, anymore, right? We got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the you you you you you you you you you you know um well okay okay so you know well okay definite article in this video video video video video video video video video video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other uh well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like okay you know video about the indefinite articles, you can always go back back back back back back back back back back and watch that video well uh um like you know um um so well well well well well well well well well well as well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some okay um um um um um um um um um um okay uh uh um well like um languages like Russian. I want to say Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese Japanese that do not have any I mean okay uh I mean you know um uh like like like like like like like like like like uh. Any articles at all. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there there there there there there there there there there are languages like well well okay well uh well well so okay German that that that that that that that that that that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but you know um so so so so so so so so so so you know um like you know uh okay kinds and for myself as as as as as as as as as as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, but anyways, but anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor. It's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's literally it's literally it's literally uh so I mean so like like um um well well well well well well well well well well the easiest way to make a podcast. We use we use we use we we we we we we we we we we use we use we use we use we use we use we use use use use use use use use use use it for casual poor and we you know so okay uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like I mean absolutely love love love it. Love it love it love it it it it it it it it it it love it love it love it love it love it love it love it Robert tell the the the the the the the the the the people I anchor so great one well like I mean uh so uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so um. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only record so so so so so so so so so so you know so okay I mean well well uh so and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but well like uh like like like like like like like like like like well I mean you know so you know they'll also distribute your podcast to all the the the the the the the the the the streaming platforms that apple pie. It cast Spotify like uh well so I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be be be be be be be be be be short and on top like um um I mean you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean of that you can even make money off of this app app app app app app app app app app. So it's free and you like like uh um like you know like uh well well well well well well well well well well can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make money anchor will automatically match match match match match match match match match match your I mean um like so uh okay I mean like um podcast with with with with with with with with with with the right sponsors for your podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know so okay so you know you know simple to get started started started started started started started started started started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, everybody? you know I mean uh uh well you know well um you you you you you you you you you you know Welcome to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 5 well well um uh um so well I mean okay Hamptons Vice. I am am am am am am am am am am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we like I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um you know um like have a lot to cover tonight? Lots of lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan um so like you know uh like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay um stuff to talk about and we're just gonna go straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight straight through and talk about well I mean you know okay uh so um um um um um um um um um um um well all the relationships and I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you you you you you you you you you you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you you you you you you you you you you guys you guys you'll have to like like you know um you know so so so so so so so so so so uh you know so wait to the end for that and a fun little little little little little little little little little little segment about who's crazier then like uh well uh well okay like you know know know know know know know know know know like who and then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going going going going going going going going going going to uh you know well okay I mean so okay uh uh happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week week week week week week week week week week uh so um you know like so well um well. We are we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are we are going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL draft um like you know you know uh I mean um uh I mean class and and and and and and and and and and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but um well well well well well well well well well well so okay like um well so okay Ali my co-host and we will go go go go go go go go go go through talk about what matters at each position where um okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well I mean you know I mean the Panthers stand in terms of of of of of of of of of of current players and what their potential options might be going into free I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um well uh like okay uh you know agency a little bit. And And And And And And And And And And then also what's important that position generally when looking okay so well so uh so so so so so so so so so so like okay well for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to offer offer offer offer offer offer offer offer offer offer we will be um um so um I mean um um like like going Each Each Each Each Each Each Each Each Each Each position group one by one in the Box. The draft has that that that that that that that that that that it like uh you know uh okay you know you know so well looks to be be be be be be be be be be a major part of how the Panthers go about this rebuild uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well so okay um you know uh like that we've heard so much about anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway. I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're listening to okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so you know like well um well okay and give us a try. We're quite good the the the the the the the the the the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this so so so so so so so so so so uh like okay so okay so okay like episode includes dramatisations and and and and and and and and and and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find you know you know well well well well well well well well well well so um well well well so offensive. We advise we advise we advise we we we we we we we we we we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like so you know you know I mean um I mean in 1961. Something wasn't right right right right right right right right right right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 like so well well well well well well well well well well you know like well so well um a.m. On October 27th some night owl owl owl owl owl owl owl owl owl owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed well uh uh like um uh you you you you you you you you you you know okay well by a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What What What What What What What What What What if what if what if what if what if what if what if if if if if if if if if if what if what if what if she um like I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um you know uh you know I mean sees us watching we should close the blinds blinds blinds blinds blinds blinds blinds blinds blinds blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn so okay okay like you know like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um. Please have please have please have please have please have please have have have have have have have have have have please have please have please have please have you seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so well uh well like uh so um like I I I I I I I I I I mean sorry. I didn't recognize you the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness Illness okay you know well I mean you know uh uh I mean well well well well well well well well well well listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know well you know okay you know I mean um have have have have have have have have have have been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um okay um uh you know uh had warned him, but but but but but but but but but but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way like well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so well okay I mean. Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over his his his his his his his his his his head. Maybe if maybe if maybe if maybe if maybe if maybe if maybe if if if if if if if if if if maybe if maybe if maybe if he pretended well enough the I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so uh I mean um uh so Sandman would leave him be be be be be be be be be be all he had to do was steady his breathing like okay I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know well um um uh stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded pounded pounded pounded pounded pounded pounded pounded pounded pounded in his ears as okay you know okay well you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well okay well the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our our our our our our our our our our like um okay okay um well you know okay so yeah, I know did did did did did did did did did did you know that when milk is start again when milk has come you know know know know know know know know know know well okay I mean I mean um okay uh you know out of of of of of of of of of of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood in it and okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so I mean uh okay so um okay your stroke still drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do that is disgusting like so you know know know know know know know know know know you know well well well well you know. I've tried like almond milk was just just just just just just just just just just isn't there's almond produce milk. What um well you know well um so um I I I I I I I I I I mean okay breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a a a a a a a a a a thing well uh I mean uh well so um like you know. No could do do do do do do do do do do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can how can can can can can can can can can can how can how can how can how can how can how can how can how how how how how how how how how how can I like okay well so you know so so um uh was absolutely vile? And And And And And And And And And And I don't know why people eat it. So drink uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know well um so okay like um is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she she she she she she she she she she would it's disgusting. Do you do you do you do you do you do do do do do do do do do do you do you do you do you do you uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know you know like like like you know uh know what the problem is what you I I I I I I I I I I don't think I'm a problem. I think well okay so you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um like I mean um you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow cow cow cow cow cow cow cow cow cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has has has has has has has has has has an easy way to get um so so um well okay uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F F F F F F F F F F m-- to uh well okay I mean um so um like like get started and and and and and and and and and and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know well uh okay I mean app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- and you're on on on on on on on on on on your way to your like I mean well you know okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well uh like own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you you you you you you you you you you want to well you know like well well well like okay uh talk about about about about about about about about about about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to so so so so so so so so so so well like okay well uh you know you know well make it about. It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be be be be be be be be be be it'll be it'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to to to to to to to to to to the get um you know so so uh okay you know um so the the the the the the the the the the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know um you know like like like okay way. Good morning. Good morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on our on our on our our our our our our our our our our on our on our on our on our on our on our on this week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's week's show. We will we will we will we will we will we will we we we we we we we we we we will we will we will we will discuss Florida's loss uh you know I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know um so uh like at Tennessee get into Florida's win win win win win win win win win win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 and I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean well okay well so 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Odom Odom Odom Odom Odom Odom Odom Odom Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The so the so the so the so the so so so so so so so so so so the so the so the so the so the so okay well okay so um um um um um um um um um um um um well lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the the the the the the the the the the last I mean uh uh um uh so you know um you know game game game game game game game game game game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High uh so uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean uh I mean uh um honors, I think in In the spring which which which which which which which which which which is fantastic really happy for him okay uh I mean like so I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean um so or take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope we hope you guys enjoy I mean well you know well well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um um it. You know, this is the fun time of the the the the the the the the the the year in our sport um um well like you know um like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. This is March. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this this this this this this this this this this our this our this our this our this our this our this our this this this this this this this this this this our this our this like like um okay uh you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean well week is brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We use to to to to to to to to to to so well uh well well you know like I mean uh bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This This This This This This This This This This podcast series is based so you know okay well like I mean well well well well well well well well well well you know like on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Publishing House and youth um so okay okay I mean okay so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you I I I I I I I I I I mean well so I mean uh like I mean so okay grow in your personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember I mean um I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh you know so so I mean your daily devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion devotion matters. March 2nd march 2nd march 2nd march 2nd march 2nd march 2nd march 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd march 2nd march 2nd march 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be be be be be be be be be be reading from okay so I mean well um so um uh like Psalm chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um like uh okay I mean so am in trouble my eyes waste away away away away away away away away away away with grief. Yes, my yes, my yes, my yes, my yes, my yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, my yes, my yes, my yes, my yes, my soul and my my my my my my my my my my okay like uh uh I mean like uh okay you know body for for for for for for for for for for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories uh you know um so uh uh okay you know so that matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks as well well well well well well well well well well so so uh like I mean I mean um I mean always for tuning in with us us us us us us us us us us on desert rock FM. If you never listen to the like like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well I mean I mean I mean show before hold on to to to to to to to to to to your floppy hats and get ready for the team and like um I mean like so so so so so so so so so so I mean um I mean like I to bring you the story. Is affecting young young young young young young young young young young people and your rescue Greyhounds are um like like um well you know you you you you you you you you you you know well you know weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice justice justice justice justice justice justice justice justice justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has uh you know you know okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so okay um brought you issues. Like we're like we're like we're like we're like like like like like like like like like like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're like we're going to unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack the racist tweets from so I mean like okay I mean um well uh well well well well well well well well well well 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of of of of of of of of of of the Ku I mean well like okay um so so like like Klux Klan. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep okay so okay so so so so so so so so so so like um um well I mean to bring you stories like is God real? real real real real real real real real real Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you how you how you you you you you you you you you you how you how you how you how you how you how you how you you you you you you you you you you doing, my friend? Brett um like you know so like like uh um like I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you well like like like like like like like like like like I mean you know I mean I mean like I mean uh taking the the the the the the the the the the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um you know uh uh I mean uh have you you you you you you you you you you been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I well well well well well well well well well well um okay well um well like well like my wife decided probably when I had had had had had had had had had had a year left in Colorado Springs at uh okay well you know okay so so so so so so so so so so okay um so my position that we would move back to Tucson. And so and and and and and and and and and and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and and and and and and and and and and so and so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting so so so so so so so so so so you know okay you know you know like uh I mean I mean a little little little little little little little little little little better at life. I am I am I am I am I am am am am am am am am am am I am I am I am I am I am your host Corey mascara mascara mascara mascara mascara mascara mascara mascara mascara mascara and in today's episode uh I mean okay I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you know okay well you know. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of of of of of of of of of of finding meaning more you know uh so so you know so like um um um um um um um um um um um to come on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um I mean I mean like so uh so the sound of of of of of of of of of of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay like so so um okay like feel daunting and or just too big big big big big big big big big big to tackle that some people have a seem um well well I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know okay um to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one so you know you know well well like you know so okay of of of of of of of of of of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up guys? guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys so you know well okay I mean I mean so uh like This is is is is is is is is is is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is Brady like uh so okay um um so uh well Turner. This is the the the the the the the the the the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't why didn't why didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't I get so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay you know so uh I mean uh uh my last name introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced as well? All right all right all right all right all right all all all all all all all all all all right all right all right all right all right Brady got his I I I I I I I I I I knew as soon like you know uh okay okay like like so uh as I I I I I I I I I I said it someone would bring it up but his regards kind of like so so so so so so so so so so well like I mean like like I mean uh bullshit, but I'll let it slide slide slide slide slide slide slide slide slide slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan um um uh you know so so so so so so so so so so so well um uh Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, Reese, Reese, Reese, Reese, Reese, Reese, Reese, Reese, Reese, please. This is okay okay like so you know um well uh so our first episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about like you know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know okay uh like okay well a bunch of random random random random random random random random random random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so uh um well I mean like doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So So So So So So So So So So to begin with we will ask okay uh like um um okay like um um um um um um um um um um okay our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh like I mean okay so I mean okay. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean um I mean well like well well about marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from you know so um I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh um I mean I mean day-to-day entrepreneurs. I hope you like it it it it it it it it it it. Thank you guys for joining into the art okay uh like uh uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like of this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How How How How How How How How How How you doing um okay I mean like well like uh you know uh today? today today today today today today today today today Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for having me. Looking forward to to to to to to to to to to this right uh you know like okay okay like you know well uh now now now now now now now now now now. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners like you know you know uh you know well I mean so okay are are are are are are are are are are little bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing you know know know know know know know know know know like I mean you know like I mean okay like I mean LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back back back back back back back back back back in like you know you know well well um so well I mean 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis so you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean so I mean you know um I mean Likens. I'm Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16 so okay okay like like like like like like like like like like so so you know well well. But first but first but first but first first first first first first first first first first but first but first but first but first but first but first we want to say thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you to our sponsors first up uh um so okay uh um so um um um um um um um um um um uh sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want want want want want want want want want want to do the like I mean okay you know okay so um um like same same same same same same same same same same for you. So if you want to check them out, make sure to head over over over over over over over over over over to I mean okay okay well like I mean uh like you know sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you get the urban robot robot robot robot robot robot robot robot robot robot cat okay you know well so well like so well okay t-shirt. And if if if if if if if if if if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll okay okay I mean like I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh uh so receive 10% off your order. That is no love citycom citycom citycom citycom citycom citycom citycom citycom citycom citycom. And then also SD uh well I mean um well you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products products products products products products products products products products for you know I mean you know uh you know you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for you you you you you you you you you you like I mean like you know like well well so okay. You can check them them them them them them them them them them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up up up up up up up up up up to Chris? And I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on okay I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know okay uh so uh well this show operate in secret the the the the the the the the the the details included in this episode are based on extensive um uh well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know like uh research, but ultimately can never be 100% verified verified verified verified verified verified verified verified verified verified except by Society members themselves for uh like like I mean uh uh okay you you you you you you you you you you know like every kernel of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group group group group group group group group group group okay okay you know well you know I mean like so um to to to to to to to to to to protect their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds uh like I mean like so well uh so like of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators as okay well like like like like like like like like like like okay well well uh I mean uh an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black black black black black black black black black black. Around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 around around around around around around around around around around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one one one one one one one one one one I'm one of the co-hosts on the so well well like okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um um boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want want want want want want want want want want to talk like like um um uh I mean you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a a a a a a a a a a script you know so okay okay uh um okay like so I will will will will will will will will will will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know um okay um well to make a podcast, let me explain. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's completely free. There's creation tools that okay uh okay well okay okay like like I I I I I I I I I I mean allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um um so like okay I mean well computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you. So it so it so it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it it so it so it so it can be heard on I mean well I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean um like okay uh Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad and many more you can make money uh uh okay well like I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um like from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast um so so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean like so in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like a like a like a like a like a like a like a like a a a a a a a a a a like a like a record record right now and I um uh you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean well okay um like can just cut it. Okay. So like like like like like like like like like like you ready, but you got it closer like um I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay so so. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says everybody says everybody says everybody says everybody says everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody says everybody says everybody says everybody says everybody says look Time Podcast. If If If If If If If If If If you're back hello and welcome back well um like um um so so like you you you you you you you you you you know Sue's of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm so so so so so so so so so so um um um I mean like uh um like drinking tea. This is my my my my my my my my my my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live okay so so I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay okay so. Oh, yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she she she she she she she she she she has a really old bird. He's gay uh well like you know okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so like so. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already already already already already already already already already already Turning off as a disaster sweet like okay you know so so well you know well well well well well well well well well well you know peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him him him him him him him him him him. I love okay okay you know well like well uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a a a a a a a a a a um like okay well okay so so I mean well little he's a budgie budgie budgie budgie budgie budgie budgie budgie budgie budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little well um uh so um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean um you know arthritic feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications Communications well um you know okay well well like uh well officer with with with with with with with with with with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And this is I I I I I I I I I I mean um well like I mean um so so um part of our privacy right educational series privacy, privacy, privacy, privacy, privacy, privacy, privacy, privacy, privacy, privacy, right? Aims to connect British Columbia's personal uh I mean okay you know uh so so so so so so so so so so uh well I mean information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more more more more more more more more more more than um well um you know okay well I mean I mean so 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this um I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know so like well um like province. We want organizations to to to to to to to to to to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They like like well well well well well well well well well well well well so you know like you know collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded safeguarded safeguarded safeguarded safeguarded safeguarded safeguarded safeguarded safeguarded safeguarded under pipa and how our I mean you know so so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain maintain Trust. Today, well okay well you know um like okay uh okay we're discussing a topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm um you know um well you know well uh well I mean your host Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh you know okay okay uh my hero, which is the reason that brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought it up is because I was so like you know like um you know so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and and and and and and and and and and today it you know okay so you know uh okay uh uh so so so so so so so so so so is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we are recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording I mean I mean you know okay so uh well like uh two and one one one one one one one one one one day and we are so excited for our guest today so um um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like okay well. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you you you you you you you you you you guys know where okay okay um uh um so um well um to find us us us us us us us us us us. You can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can can can can can can can can can can you can you can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look Look Look Look Look Look Look Look Look Look um um I mean well well you know so I mean like at at at at at at at at at at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead go ahead go ahead leave you know okay okay well um uh well you know know know know know know know know know know like us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review review review review review review review review review review and if well I mean uh okay okay um um well so you have nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it like like well uh so I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um um at all. Thanks. Okay. So now so now so now so so so so so so so so so so now so now so now so now so now so now so now Casey what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors women tell all show last night night night night night night night night night night took a surprising turn when uh so um um like uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean uh Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying conversation which included her so so okay I mean okay okay um you know know know know know know know know know know uh reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was was was was was was was was was was handled Tastefully well you know I mean um um um so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay okay well uh um so Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely unreasonable for the show to have so I mean I mean uh you know um um um um um um um um um um well so uh its cake and eat it too with one trending post post post post post post post post post post led by user and ingenious okay um I mean um okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh username saying how the producers run the show creates a a a a a a a a a a Asik environment for bullying uh um okay so okay okay um um I I I I I I I I I I mean and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point point point point point point point point point point at The Bachelor um okay okay well you know well so you know know know know know know know know know know uh show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic environments like so I mean well you know so like you know um. The The The The The The The The The The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain um um um um um um um um um um you know so um well I mean uh I mean well. You can't you can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't you can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't you can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season season season season season season season season season season there so so okay um well well okay um well will be multiple villains. Another Another Another Another Another Another Another Another Another Another user another user another user another user another user another user another user user user user user user user user user user another user another user another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then then then then then then then then then then well um so like so um like okay like confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like like like like like like like like like like to so uh you know I mean like so you know um okay encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM okay so uh you know well um well I mean so to get started on this this this this this this this this this this. It has it has it has it has it has it has it has has has has has has has has has has it has it has it has made it. So easy guys, I did not well well well well well well well well well well um I mean I mean you know uh I mean uh uh know, you you you you you you you you you you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like five five five five five five five five five five ten so uh okay I mean you know I mean okay like well years years years years years years years years years years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know okay like I mean okay well um have record my my my my my my my my my my voice in it and just click post and anchor will uh like well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay so uh do all the job for me. It will publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish publish it in all the major podcast uh like you know you know so so so so so so so so so so okay well you know um sides. You know apps that are available and I I I I I I I I I I do not need to do anything uh well you know um uh okay well you you you you you you you you you you know well else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also you also you you you you you you you you you you also you also you also you also you also you also you also you also also also also also also also also also also need to I mean so uh um um so uh um well make use use use use use use use use use use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, you you you you you you you you you you know well so so well so you know well like which you feel that that that that that that that that that that needs to reach out to the world or simply want I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know well well um you know okay so to post something make sure you use this. Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, welcome back well okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean I mean you know you know to my shoes podcast. So in in in in in in in in in in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week week week week week week week week week week so I mean uh you know I mean okay uh I mean um on on on on on on on on on on Choppers. Every day every day every day every day every day every day day day day day day day day day day every day every day every day every day we'll be talking about a different different different different different different different different different different awesome woman from history I mean uh well I mean uh um uh well you you you you you you you you you you know a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for for for for for for for for for for their bravery okay okay uh well I mean well uh uh okay and achievements. But But But But But But But But But But first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, but first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, but first, but first, but first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic woman so like uh well you know uh I mean okay you know lived a a a a a a a a a a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and and and and and and and and and and you know so okay you know you know uh um I mean uh she she she she she she she she she she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying a woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman ruler like um I mean uh like well so so well like a queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her so um um uh like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean you know I mean husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in in in in in in in in in in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by by by by by by by by by by her own uh okay well um so um like uh um bra the the the the the the the the the the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in well I I I I I I I I I I mean well you know well uh I mean so um a questionable admission. If If If If If If If If If If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty Gale well I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well uh okay okay I mean uh Brown and want to hear more like it check check check check check check check check check check out our series unsolved murders every Tuesday you know so uh you you you you you you you you you you know okay so um um you know follow the clues question the facts facts facts facts facts facts facts facts facts facts and dig deeper into Some of history's most I mean so um you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh uh okay so bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to um like uh um okay like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised this episode includes dramatizations like you know um okay well so um um well and and and and and and and and and and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so so uh so like uh buddy Thomas real Stone from the the the the the the the the the the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that so well okay um well well well well well well well well well well so I mean well so was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It It It It It It It It It It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was pretty good history like you know like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um I mean so of New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a a a a a a a a a a little bit about your projects uh you know I mean like uh well you know know know know know know know know know know like I mean and what you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about about about about about about about about about about today like um okay like like um like like so. Sure. So Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh uh okay okay so the bloke behind the history of altered altered altered altered altered altered altered altered altered altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much um you know okay you know like like like like like like like like like like okay well um um a does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore so so so so so so so so so so um okay you know I mean well um like like how the chakra system system system system system system system system system system can help you change your mind to change your so you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so uh so body to change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? going going going going going going going going going I am doing great. It's kind um so you know um so so so so so so so so so so so you know um well of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm recording on a Wednesday so like so so so like so okay uh because because because because because because because because because because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean um you know uh uh what day it is because I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay I mean you know okay you know that ever happen to you? I I I I I I I I I I think it's so funny. You know like you think okay so uh like you know know know know know know know know know know you know so uh so like all day. It's Tuesday and then then then then then then then then then then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's you know like uh so so so so so so so so so so uh um okay uh well just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have like like like like like like like like like like well well I mean okay you know like um like Chris with you you you you you you you you you you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special so you know like like like like like like like like like like uh okay I mean you know okay like podcast seeing through the offseason offseason offseason offseason offseason offseason offseason offseason offseason offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very well um so I mean um um um um um um um um um um okay um uh you know very good special on first off. So we all all all all all all all all all all like to get a like um you know well you know okay um so so so so so so so so so so so bit of an insight into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction um okay uh like uh you know like I mean well to those those those those those those those those those those day our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games well so uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh I mean well so in the City of Angels of of of of of of of of of of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm like like like like like like like like like like so uh like well well uh okay um or see my portfolio head on over to to to to to to to to to to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan um you know well well well uh so so so so so so so so so so well um of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all all all all all all all all all all day long as you know so so okay okay well so well I mean you you you you you you you you you you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including well you you you you you you you you you you know uh um I mean well so well okay the one you're listening to right right right right right right right right right right now. You can listen to all of your favorite artists I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know I mean um like um and podcasts in one place for for for for for for for for for for free. You can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can you can follow your favorite podcast. So okay uh um um um um um um um um um um you know uh uh you know okay um you never miss an episode premium users users users users users users users users users users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever like you know like um like um um um um um um um um um um like well like you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends on Instagram. Haven't uh um like okay well well uh like uh done so already already already already already already already already already already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers okay so so so so so so so so so so so like um like okay like so podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your your your your your your your your your your library tab. Also, make sure to follow I mean I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well well well um me. So you so you so you so you you you you you you you you you you so you so you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly firstly you know I mean well uh uh so um you know so with a point against against against against against against against against against against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the mood you know you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh um I mean well okay you know in the camp must be be be be be be be be be be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's been good I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so okay so like uh for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of knew it was going uh like I mean like uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken broken broken broken broken broken broken broken broken broken down loss uh you know okay uh so um okay well like like like like like like like like like like or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very very very very very very very very very very good you know I mean okay okay I mean so you know so like like like like like like like like like like. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to you well well well well well well well well well well I mean so um uh so I mean uh like tonight was Jeb. What What What What What What What What What What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP will you know well like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know well I mean so get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some so so so so so so so so so so I mean like uh I mean uh okay uh uh girls that were friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well like okay so okay um so how we do it how how how how how how how how how how we get it out there how we record it uh so so um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean um so. And you know, thankfully I was able to tell them them them them them them them them them them about anchor which if we um well like okay uh I mean so you you you you you you you you you you know well would have had when we first started out this would have been way way way way way way way way way way way so um um like um I mean uh so okay easier and and and and and and and and and and it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so you know okay you you you you you you you you you you know okay um like okay um you know anchor is by far the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast it gives you you know um so so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean well so everything you need. In one place so so so so so so so so so so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any so okay so so so so so so so so so so like so so you know okay well fancy recording equipment or anything and you you you you you you you you you you can literally make a podcast and edit um like like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um uh it on your phone right there free. It's free. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's free. So it so it so it so it so it so it so so so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it gives you you know well I mean um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like um like all the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it it it it it it it it it it sound good which so like um I mean okay so like I mean well you you you you you you you you you you know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way way way way way way way way way way to like like so so well um okay so uh make a podcast. It's free. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record um you know like uh so so so so so so so so so so so um okay you know and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast well you know um okay okay um like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean okay uh you know um I mean so can make money from from from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need you know um um like like like like like like like like like like um like um I mean so to make a podcast in one place place place place place place place place place place download the free anchor app or go so um like like so so so so so so so so so so so you know well um to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this this this this this this this this this this is Donnie Nelson well well um okay I mean uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean uh. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the the the the the the the the the the ball, um I mean you know you know so like like well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the podcast. How you doing? doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm great. How are you okay okay um so like uh um like you you you you you you you you you you know doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and I I I I I I I I I I love um you know well you know you know well so um like for for for for for for for for for for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank you. I'm so I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know I mean well so well like okay excited that you're doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue and you like well you know uh so so so so so so so so so so like well so like know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to to to to to to to to to to follow along in the I mean you know um you know like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like future. Yeah. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean I've told you many times we have have have have have have have have have have such great conversations like uh uh so uh okay so so like and we talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk in depth about how you got to where you are well okay like you know know know know know know know know know know like you know you know you know um and what drives you and what motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates motivates you and all those sorts of things. I like I like I like I like I I I I I I I I I I like I like I like I like I like I like okay uh you know you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean like well think is so important to share and I've had had had had had had had had had had great conversations with a lot of really you know um you know uh like like like like like like like like like like okay well okay so good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary the primary the primary the primary the primary the primary the primary the the the the the the the the the the primary the primary the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength strength strength strength strength strength strength strength strength strength and certainty um well like so okay you know um um so of Steel Steel Steel Steel Steel Steel Steel Steel Steel Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so so I mean so you know so uh expect to die out here here here here here here here here here here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd I mean you know um okay you know know know know know know know know know know you know well like so asked for more money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 D20 radio.com. All right, welcome I mean so well uh well well you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh back ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, we uh, we uh, we uh, we uh, we uh, we uh, we uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, we uh, we uh, we are going well like uh like um I mean um well well well well well well well well well well like to have a really fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by by by by by by by by by by our app well um like you know you know like um you know well to help help help help help help help help help help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited to have one of of of of of of of of of of so uh well so uh you know okay so uh our one of the biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank you you know like well well well well well well well well well well well um like like you know um very much. That's an interesting way to describe describe describe describe describe describe describe describe describe describe me. One of one of one of one of one of one of one one one one one one one one one one of one of one of one of the biggest names in like you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know well okay well construction. I think my name is probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably used a lot in construction these days okay well so uh like okay so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett Hackett Hackett Hackett Hackett Hackett Hackett Hackett Hackett Hackett. I chaired the independent review into I mean so so well um um uh okay you you you you you you you you you you know building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the Granville Granville Granville Granville Granville Granville Granville Granville Granville Granville fire like so um uh so okay so well I mean disaster, but really looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such so uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh uh um um poor practice to creep into the the the the the the the the the the whole of the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm happy to um uh you know okay so you know like okay I mean be be be be be be be be be be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you if you if you if you asking me why why why why why why why why why why it's a bit irrelevant um I mean well uh so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 subscribers. So if okay like like like um okay uh so um you are a subscriber subscriber subscriber subscriber subscriber subscriber subscriber subscriber subscriber subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've accomplished something you you you you you you you you you you know uh well you know well um so okay you know with me because because because because because because because because because because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first and okay um so so so so so so so so so so um I mean um uh okay I mean foremost say a big thank you to look look look look look look look look look look for a line it to be I mean like um like um uh um so so so so so so so so so so well possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my my my my my my my my my my stuff well like um okay I mean um you know well well in on YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I do I do I do I do do do do do do do do do do I do I do I do I do I do I need to spell out to to to to to to to to to to I mean okay um you know I mean well I mean um so you why you you you you you you you you you you need to start listening to that YouTube content come on uh okay like like like like like like like like like like um well so I mean um like now but away from all of that as as as as as as as as as as you look normal. I wouldn't I wouldn't I wouldn't I wouldn't I wouldn't I I I I I I I I I I wouldn't I wouldn't I wouldn't I wouldn't I wouldn't well uh um like okay you know know know know know know know know know know okay so like say a lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've You've You've You've You've You've You've You've You've You've seen okay well uh like like well okay okay okay key caucus steal. The The The The The The The The The The leads the leads the leads the leads the leads the leads the leads the the the the the the the the the the leads the leads the leads keep our band for eight games and get a a a a a a a a a a fine I mean like okay like like um I mean well um. I believe due due due due due due due due due due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry oh, sorry oh, sorry oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, sorry oh, sorry oh, sorry oh, sorry oh, sorry oh, sorry oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to a special episode of of of of of of of of of of the digital HR leaders um well you know I mean okay okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh podcast. HR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't hR hR hR hR hR hR hR hR hR hR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs needs to be digital. It's you it's you it's you it's you it's you you you you you you you you you you it's you it's you it's you it's you it's you know well like so so so so so so so so so so well okay well uh okay simply has to put another way. HR must become become become become become become become become become become more digital and analytical to um so um like so okay um um um um um um um um um um um um deliver greater business value. This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is a break from our usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual usual format. It features it features it features it features it features it features it features features features features features features features features features features it features it features it features okay like okay um like so like um uh a a a a a a a a a a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of like like like like like like like like like like okay you know you know um okay I mean okay okay work conference in San Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future like okay so uh um I I I I I I I I I I mean so like I mean and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures lectures on people analytics at UC well um like like um I mean um so so so so so so so so so so okay Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like okay uh well like okay learning and operations of judicial RJ Milner who who who who who who who who who who is a global head of people analytics you know like I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean so well you know I mean boober and is a previous guest on the the the the the the the the the the show Andy and Bailey managing director like you know like like uh like like like like like like like like like like like you know so of my HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per Per Per Per Per Per Per Per Per Per well like you know uh okay I mean uh like you know se taking control of of of of of of of of of of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take control control control control control control control control control control well uh uh okay um I mean so I mean um of our emotions? Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you down. Right like like like like like like like like like like well I mean like okay uh you know okay you know but we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to talk about two of those important points right now. And that's and and and and and and and and and and that's and that's and that's and that's and that's and that's and and and and and and and and and and that's and that's and that's like so um um uh I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like you know your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It It It It It It It It It It is the so um so well well um okay uh well branch of the biology that deals deals deals deals deals deals deals deals deals deals with the normal functions of a living okay um so so um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to to to to to to to to to to be talking about okay well you know I mean uh okay uh so uh is is is is is is is is is is how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel um uh you know okay well like so so um emotions are described many ways. You You You You You You You You You You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and fear which um well well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well I mean so and there are others of course, but those are kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind of the main ones. We like uh uh so well I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so I mean think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first first first first first first first first first first sponsor uh so like um like uh like like you know. Our first sponsor ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I so I so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I use uh okay so um I mean well like well like stencil plus with my my my my my my my my my my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst other custom uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean well um so um uh okay logos and different things for for for for for for for for for for me as well. They have the lowest price guaranteed okay um so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like uh okay well guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You You You You You You You You You You can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can you can have so uh um um so um so so so so so so so so so so like like a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of of of of of of of of of of cool Social Media like uh you know so well well well um I mean stuff going going going going going going going going going going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from uh like um um um um um um um um um um uh so okay I mean like so and they can create anything if they don't have it it it it it it it it it it already. So if you you know well um so uh so well um well have something something something something something something something something something something very custom you want made they will work with you and uh you you you you you you you you you you know well like so okay like you know uh they listen to their customers customers customers customers customers customers customers customers customers customers needs of what they want what they need okay um I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so well okay okay like to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are back with King Rose cars and you've got got got got got got got got got got the episode number 20 you know uh like uh so okay um okay I I I I I I I I I I mean coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a a a a a a a a a a great I mean you know um you know okay uh um uh uh chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and and and and and and and and and and so like okay um I mean I mean so okay um usurping, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but um okay so well well well well well well well well well well well so uh I mean I mean we're we're good. We're happy and as as as as as as as as as as I always say to people I do well like um um so well like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean this because I love the band. Of talking to the bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds bonds and having a I mean um I mean um I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know uh okay chat with them and seeing how to do see if if if if if if if if if if we are kind I mean like okay um so okay I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean of similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like like like like like like like like like like that. So like so uh uh I mean well well uh uh it's awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. So thanks for that. So today so today so today so today so today today today today today today today today today today so today so today so today so today so today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting like okay um you know well okay you know um like your own podcast, let let let let let let let let let let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor okay like okay um um um um um um um um um um well you know I mean okay you know is the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free their well uh uh uh so uh so so so so so so so so so so uh like creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from you know uh you know you know you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can can can can can can can can can can be heard like I mean I mean okay like um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. No okay well like okay okay well you know okay you know minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download I mean so so so so so so so so so so so you know uh like okay like well the free acre app or go to Anchored Anchored Anchored Anchored Anchored Anchored Anchored Anchored Anchored Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want uh okay you know like um um um um um um um um um um okay you know um um to join in on the excitement Live join me me me me me me me me me me every Tuesday night 7:00 pm okay um uh so I mean well well um so so so so so so so so so so. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out out out out out out out out out out your favourite like okay uh um you know um so so okay podcasting platform at 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll well I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean uh like like so you know learn tips and and and and and and and and and and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors the the the the the the the the the the um um well um I mean okay okay um well ones who make all all all all all all all all all all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor is so so um so so so so so so so so so so uh like so okay well basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit upload and create your so I mean I mean I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know like own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once um like you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so uh well you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to to to to to to to to to to a playlist to Google I mean well well um I mean um so so so so so so so so so so so well to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to to to to to to to to to to Anchor or uh I mean like well so okay uh um so if you want to to to to to to to to to to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what what what what what what what what what what I have to um um um well like so uh well like say, which which which which which which which which which which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what I ever um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like okay okay uh so say, so there's a surprise but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm glad that everyone is on board and I'm well I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know I mean well I mean excited for this little journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey journey this little educational Journey that we are going to go I mean like well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so I mean you know on together. I've done a little eye. Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like Like organizing and like note books and stationery and well um uh I mean like like you you you you you you you you you you know well so stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I want want want want want want want want want want it to pan you know um um like so so okay okay um out out out out out out out out out out whether or not it pans out like that is another story because well um um um um um um um um um um like you know like okay okay uh I mean I can be a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit impulsive. So we shall see but I uh um uh okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh so want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening. Please unless you're driving well you know like you know well like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge like like like like like like like like like like okay um you know so I mean uh I mean okay Ford in London, Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well uh well so uh so you know 5th 2020 the Leafs at at at at at at at at at at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo um uh like you know know know know know know know know know know you know like um so uh for you Michael. We didn't we didn't we we we we we we we we we we didn't we didn't we didn't we didn't we didn't we didn't we didn't we we we we we we we we we we didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs okay well uh uh uh so so so so so so so so so so well uh so loss in San Jose. But hey, but hey, but hey, but hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, but hey, but hey, but hey, but hey, but hey, but hey, that's okay. They had had had had had had had had had had won three in a row prior well uh so you know so okay uh you you you you you you you you you you know I mean The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it yeah, it yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it yeah, it yeah, it yeah, it yeah, it yeah, it yeah, it yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it does but you um I mean well so um you know so so so so so so so so so so okay okay have to sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games games games games games games games games games games you know so okay well I mean um um uh um in. Road Road Road Road Road Road Road Road Road Road that road that road that road that road that road that road that road road road road road road road road road road that road that road that we're key games against teams that were at least least least least least least least least least least on par okay you know I mean okay well so okay okay so with them Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in okay well you know know know know know know know know know know so so I mean so well well the Atlantic division and Vancouver who was battling battling battling battling battling battling battling battling battling battling for a playoff spot in the so okay uh um like um like like like like like like like like like like you know like Western Conference. They come up against the team and they play three teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams teams uh um um I mean um um okay um well on this west coast swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing swing that are out of it that are basically, you you know I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh uh well uh well you know know, playing out the string and and and and and and and and and and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching coaching newsletter and the topic okay well um um like like like so like of today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other uh so so so so so so so so so so uh so I mean I mean so well well words. What are the things? things things things things things things things things things What are the triggers? What are the things that women you know like like like like like like like like like like well like you know well so okay you know like about us guys? So what what what what what what what what what what kind of behavior is it that they like so okay I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean um um so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously to attract women. Well first I mean you know so well well okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean like things first that we got understand about women is number one. There are are are are are are are are are are emotional beings like like like so uh I mean I mean you know uh and their Even Even Even Even Even Even Even Even Even Even by their emotions and women want to be in a love story. They want want want want want want want want want want I mean you know so so um like well I mean uh to just just just just just just just just just just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the grocery like you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh well so okay like I mean store and make eye contact and and and and and and and and and and there's just obviously it happens in such a well um uh um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh you know way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead and introduce I mean well um you know so I mean um uh like like like like like like like like like like our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for for for for for for for for for for uh I mean I mean uh so okay well like uh the bag. And the the the the the the the the the the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory I mean you you you you you you you you you you know well so like like like I mean well. Obviously, we in our bag we in in in in in in in in in in the bag we got the bags of cured um okay you know um um okay so so so so so so so so so so um uh. No, that's no, that's no, that's no, that's no, that's no, that's no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's no, that's no, that's no, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal is to make money off this uh uh so well well I mean you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for for for for for for for for for for my love okay um like okay uh like like okay so of public speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with my voice Okay, um you you you you you you you you you you know so like I mean uh so well you know we see what we we we we we we we we we we see what Carson over here is in it for I well well I mean um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean I mean uh well guess anyway, so I am am am am am am am am am am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, you know okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know so okay you know I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice voice of uh I mean okay um well like like I mean I mean someone stealing stealing stealing stealing stealing stealing stealing stealing stealing stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes so you know know know know know know know know know know you know like like uh well well okay or no after my nap nap nap nap nap nap nap nap nap nap. What do you mean if you're an app you just um you know you you you you you you you you you you know like uh uh you know um um woke up. I'm giving you the the the the the the the the the the time of the introduction to get her ready and so like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay uh you know okay that's it. Are we are we are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but we don't I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like uh like um so well I mean use the position where you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're going. Wait the wait the wait the wait the wait the wait the the the the the the the the the the wait the wait the wait the wait the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, so I mean so I mean well like uh so you know but most of the the the the the the the the the the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on my um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so like like you know you know head. Here we go. We all live live live live live live live live live live I welcome all welcome everybody doing uh you know you know well so um um um um um um um um um um um like well welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the the the the the the the the the the I mean you know like I mean like well so like okay man taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're uh uh like um okay I mean um I mean so going to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This uh you know uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so um you know okay is really about something called cryotherapy cold therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy now with cryotherapy you're put okay so you know you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean well into a crowd chamber for just a very small amount of of of of of of of of of of time because it's uh like like um so I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like a very very cold to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes and this concept well you know you know I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know you know um is really based on this word hormesis. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay for me scenes, what does you know so well so okay um um um um um um um um um um um you know um that that is a situation where you're adding a low dose dress or a a a a a a a a a a moderate like uh I mean so like you know you know like um amount of stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress stress to create a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that I mean well well well well well well well well well well um like well uh uh uh like can create this effect. This is called hormetic hormetic hormetic hormetic hormetic hormetic hormetic hormetic hormetic hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism um okay I mean well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know uh that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis um um um um um um um um um um um um like like well you know you know okay podcast and and and and and and and and and and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please well well well well well well well well well well you know well I mean uh I mean you know well you know remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you know you know um like you know um okay to to to to to to to to to to read along with us. If you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you if you if you have epilepsy or any other other other other other other other other other other light-sensitive disabilities I mean well you know I mean okay I mean like um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have we have we have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we have free audio transcriptions for so okay uh well um so okay you know well well well well well well well well well well this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of um well well well well well well well well well well so uh so okay so okay I mean listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and and and and and and and and and and editors. So we're going to have some okay okay okay you know well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different different different different different different different different different different from like um okay you know like okay you know so you know yours, but but but but but but but but but but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not okay you you you you you you you you you you know so so okay um you know like you know safe for work. And if if if if if if if if if if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen you know so uh you you you you you you you you you you know um so like so so until you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the the the the the the the the the the podcast. I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I I'm I I'm I I'm I mean um okay okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so like wise. I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show show show show show show show show show show and today we'll be talking about um so like okay um so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You You You You You You You You You You don't like um uh you know so so you know okay uh know me as as as as as as as as as as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know so so uh um okay um days we could dance for the cloud bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch don't so today we have done like well like so okay uh um well well for for for for for for for for for for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know I mean I mean you know you know like like like like like like like like like like okay show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean so you know you know um um inside the outside image image image image image image image image image image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where I mean well so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so well uh I mean every day we tell you about a a a a a a a a a a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking okay like uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean like I mean um I mean about an incredible athlete and mom wait my my my my my my my my my my mom. No, your mom's cool, but we're um okay um like uh you know like well well well well well well well well well well okay actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah that makes sense so okay um okay um well like uh well. Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny was a super talented like um so you know I mean okay I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal gold medal gold medal gold medal medal medal medal medal medal medal medal medal medal gold medal gold medal gold medal gold medal gold medal gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned uh um um um um um um um um um um well um okay um okay I mean um on the news the voice of of of of of of of of of of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary you know like so like um um um um um um um um um um like um um so footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the the the the the the the the the the Moon the Apollo so uh uh well I mean so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had had had had had had had had had had a you know I mean I mean okay uh so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well built-in Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal signal was tape recorded um well I mean so so uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um you know by three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when when when when when when when when when when the broadcast so so okay like I mean well you know like okay was was was was was was was was was was over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up up up up up up up up up up I mean you know well you know so like you know um well the the the the the the the the the the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are are are are you are you are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought to you by well um like like I mean like uh uh well anchor anchor is is is is is is is is is is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so well uh uh okay all, it's a hundred percent free. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can so I mean you know okay um um um um um um um um um um so okay well uh match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on on on on on on on on on on your podcast. That so okay I mean uh well well I mean well so so so so so so so so so so means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, in fact, in fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, that's what what what what what what what what what what I'm like so okay so uh well so like uh doing right now by by by by by by by by by by reading sad I said it before but you know, we you know uh so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean like so like uh love using incre you can hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio I mean um uh you know know know know know know know know know know like I mean I mean I mean um. It's very easy to you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, Trim the starting and end points if you well um like okay you know know know know know know know know know know so you know uh so want to cut out some, you know dead are very very very very very very very very very very easy to do that I mean like I mean you know I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay as well. So, you so, you so, you so, you so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, you so, you so, you so, you so, you so, you know, if if if if if if if if if if you've always wanted to start a podcast and like well uh I mean like like okay I I I I I I I I I I mean like make money doing it go to Anchor dot f m / / / / / / / / / / start that's anchored FM uh well um you know you know well um like like like like like like like like like like uh / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour race, Binghamton um okay okay okay um okay well okay like. We don't have have have have have have have have have have anything to look forward to all year. So in so in so in so in in in in in in in in in in so in so in so in so in so in so in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay um um you know so well so we host our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking so okay so so so so so so so so so so you know so okay you know like you know to host your own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started um okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um uh um you know this got a Content creation tool allows you you you you you you you you you you to record and the podcast right from so uh um okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like you know a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, computer, computer, computer, computer, computer, computer, computer, computer, computer, but you can do it I mean so I mean I mean so um um um um um um um um um um like okay uh there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the the the the the the the the the the most challenging part, uh like um um okay okay uh you know so you you you you you you you you you you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know uh um so uh I mean okay right on a a a a a a a a a a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast you know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know uh uh uh you know um okay or founds And you you you you you you you you you you know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash for okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh like I mean uh you know like sharing your great content content content content content content content content content content with the world everything. You need to make um uh well so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well a podcast all in one individual place. So, you so, you so, you you you you you you you you you you so, you so, you so, you so, you so, you so, you so, you you you you you you you you you you know what okay like I mean well I mean so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know I mean head over to your app store download the anchor a poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor poor head anchored on FM uh so like uh uh like I mean like like like like like like like like like like you know to get started. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it it it it it it it it it it happen. This uh this uh this uh this uh this uh this uh this uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh this uh this uh this uh so you know uh well so so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the the the the the the the the the the well uh you know like well uh okay so I mean London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a its a its a its a a a a a a a a a a its a its a its a its a its a its a Pokemon Pokemon Pokemon Pokemon Pokemon Pokemon Pokemon Pokemon Pokemon Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or so you know um well well you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is is is is is is is is is is your I mean um okay uh well okay um um um actual name. Do you you you you you you you you you you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho well um you know know know know know know know know know know so I mean you know well so okay no. Oh, she'll like I I I I I I I I I I had to make a Supercut of how many different so you know okay okay so so so so so so so so so so okay you know okay like names you called ho over the course of the season season season season season season season season season season because there's um um I mean so uh like okay like I mean been at at at at at at at at at at least ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know okay okay like I mean um you know one one one one one one one one one one point now, I'll remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that will will will will will will will will will will you know I mean you know okay well I mean like I mean you you you you you you you you you you know hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Network. Join like okay well like well um well so uh Rabbi Ami as as as as as as as as as as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice um well uh you know know know know know know know know know know well I mean so well uh and guides us on a path of healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the um I mean I mean okay like uh like like like like like like like like like like like uh divine. I want to start by sharing a line from the the the the the the the the the the gemara and Magilla that's uh I mean I mean like I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean very close to my heart. It's based it's based it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's based it's based it's based it's based it's based it's based it's based it's based based based based based based based based based based on a mission of that says that well like so uh well so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means means means means means means means means means means you were kind I mean you know you know like so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to to to to to to to to to to talk you know you know um like well like uh so well about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast okay like um um um um um um um um um um well I mean um uh I mean well. Let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like I mean um well I mean okay uh your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast you know okay okay like uh so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and and and and and and and and and and many more so uh well I mean like okay so I mean um you can can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh I mean like so you know like everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or um you know I I I I I I I I I I mean like well I mean like like so go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take so so so so so so so so so so well well you know so well so um okay care of we're talking about some some some some some some some some some some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's you there's you there's you there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's you there's you there's you there's you there's you there's you there's you know um um um um um um um um um um like so um like uh uh well some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're okay um I mean I mean okay like so you you you you you you you you you you know like going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just just just just just just just just just just let's just let's just call it uh I mean uh okay okay um um um um um um um um um um well so uh a rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to uh well okay well well um well you know like popcorn top top top top top top top top top top featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk we talk we talk we talk we we we we we we we we we we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk moving and here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's pop well you know uh I mean you know well you know so like corn corn corn corn corn corn corn corn corn corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the popcorn talk you you you you you you you you you you know well uh I mean um you know um like so Studios. Welcome our movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie movie news. We are coming to you. Live from live from live from live from live from from from from from from from from from from live from live from live from live from live from Bollywood I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so you know you know well okay okay will explain that one one one one one one one one one one later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all all all all all all all all all all about like so um um okay like well okay um spiritual and and and and and and and and and and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh like so um like so well divide D Consciousness the nature of time space space space space space space space space space space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds I mean so like well I I I I I I I I I I mean so um so uh the akashic records all. All the all the all the the the the the the the the the the all the all the all the all the all the all the all the the the the the the the the the the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean like okay um you know. I appreciate you so very much much much much much much much much much much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful being welcome you know know know know know know know know know know um um well um like like so okay back to another episode of third third third third third third third third third third eye Awakening. Thank you so much for being here well um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay you know like okay with me today. I'm really excited to have have have have have have have have have have you before we get started um uh okay you know like um okay well well well well well well well well well well well. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential influential influential influential influential influential influential influential influential influential you know I mean you know um I mean okay um like you know wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but so um um um um um um um um um um you know you know uh uh okay so well today it's me back is run out out out out out out out out out out of ways to introduce we can just talk like like like like like well well well well well well well well well well well so okay to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome uh well like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay okay I mean. Honestly, we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest guest haven't we we had a well well you know um you know like like like like like like like like like like so uh so break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about how to you know like um like I mean so um okay so so so so so so so so so so plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually we're actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually we're actually we're actually we're actually we're actually we're actually we're actually we're actually we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're actually going to cover off uh so um okay okay so so well like like like like like like like like like like planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of planning I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay I mean so um uh you know well a wedding when you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are are are are are are are are are are I mean um I mean well so okay well I mean you know recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay um well okay um you know well will share on this podcast intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro intro song says that that that you're good. It's the it's the it's the the the the the the the the the the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the the the the the the the the the the okay well uh um well uh I mean okay uh intro song inches on on on on on on on on on on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not in our okay so um um um um um um um um um um you know well um like I mean well basement at our home. Hey, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for okay well so well well well well well well well well well well I mean well well well so listening. So thankful that you make us a a a a a a a a a a part of your week. It's so humbling so I mean like so so so so so so so so so so so so like well okay to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but me because because because because because because because because because because well uh uh I mean well I mean okay um uh my heart is is is is is is is is is is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna be a you know well well well well well well well well well well well like well so well you know like little different. I might I might I might I I I I I I I I I I might I might I might I might I might I might I might sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound sound a little different Brooks coffin into the mic that might be a so I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like I mean like so like um little different right because because because because because because because because because because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley O'Malley to man Booth um okay well uh you know okay well um well today today today today today today today today today today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th or um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean okay I mean I mean well uh uh reminder to to to to to to to to to to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And as you you you you you you you you you you know um like you know uh okay um you know okay we go through through through through through through through through through through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that uh so okay I I I I I I I I I I mean like so uh uh so first practice, but as we go through through through through through through through through through through the spring, we will try to hit uh you know so you know well well well well well well well well well well well like I mean well as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief relief relief relief relief relief relief relief relief relief following practices that are open to the I mean I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um uh I mean uh media how many we have Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim Tim we have five open by Focus and the Beauties. They're so so you know know know know know know know know know know well so so like I mean so all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the the the the the the the the the the new facility, so we'll have uh uh you know uh um so I mean well well well well well well well well well well like an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we mentioned that so like like like like like like like like like like you know so so I mean um I mean uh last podcast well take take take take take take take take take take two hours to get a or an hour to get uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean okay well well okay her practice report out afterwards either because you can can can can can can can can can can do a little bit on your um um so well uh so uh so so so so so so so so so so so computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So So So So So So So So So So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so so we're so we're so we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite like uh uh so okay I mean um so like pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 28 28 28 28 28 28 28 28 28 results discussing the shock defeat to you know you know um I mean uh so so so so so so so so so so you know well well Liverpool the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's team's team's team's team's team's team's team's team's team's the game week 29 joining us this you know well you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know I mean okay week for the second time. This season season season season season season season season season season is gold head of news and features Peter Staunton uh okay so okay well well well well well well well well well well you know um you know I mean. Last time last time last time last time last last last last last last last last last last time last time last time last time last time last time you came on your your your your your your your your your your above Dave despite not touching your team since game like you know um uh like like like like like like like like like like so you know well like week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In you know so um uh okay well um um um um um um um um um um well okay the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I I I I I I I I I I think like like you know um um I mean well well um out out out out out out out out out out of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used well okay okay so so so so so so so so so so like so so I mean um to interested though well-known. I get the impression impression impression impression impression impression impression impression impression impression you're not from from the okay well okay okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know like um uh fact you have a lot of players on your team you are playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing. Well the problem I mean like okay like I mean like like I I I I I I I I I I mean uh there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you you you you you you you you you you you know uh so well okay um uh um like guys. So we just got got got got got got got got got got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh um um uh I mean about a few things that we've been stumbling upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon upon over the last few days uh uh like okay uh so like like you you you you you you you you you you know since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the the the the the the the the the the reunions show just I mean um like like uh well um um you know in in in in in in in in in in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, take uh well well well well well well well well well well so I mean uh you know I mean well like up too much time in the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet like like well well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean well is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show show show show show show show show show show. And I think now that they I mean you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like um okay okay like uh can be open and doing you know, you definitely see see see see see see see see see see certain couples out there on you know okay you know you know like so so so so so so so so so so you know um okay the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want want want want want want want want want want to talk about what like you know okay so like so um I mean so so so so so so so so so so we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh well okay uh so you know um fragrances gives everyone a way to to to to to to to to to to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to I mean okay uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so so uh so I mean Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back back back back back back back back back back. Then I mean like well uh so um like so like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you had they were they all came from church, you know, I mean um you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay uh uh you know uh um and church was you know, and and and and and and and and and and I think there's a larger conversation to be had so you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know I mean well you know you know well about, you know, the the death of of of of of of of of of of the black church in the black community like okay well uh I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay you know. E in the role that played in the type of singers that that that that that that that that that that you hear, like okay uh um um you know you know uh uh you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um like um well um here but every now and again probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't okay I mean okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well well uh definitely fantastic. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions occasions occasions occasions occasions occasions occasions occasions occasions occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, like okay uh uh I mean so well so so so so so so so so so so um but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where where where where where where where where where where we like um I mean okay so so I mean so well explore faith and and and and and and and and and and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment of Truth so I I I I I I I I I I mean like well okay you know like well so and fire the podcast which picks picks picks picks picks picks picks picks picks picks up or truth and fire the block leaves off like well um so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um um. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at at at at at at at at at at the ER ite etfe okay like like I mean like um like I mean like like like like like like like like like like you on all social media platforms. Have you have you have you have you you you you you you you you you you have you have you have you have you have you have you already given given given given given given given given given given up on your fitness goals for I mean um uh like okay well um um um um um um um um um um okay so 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness and Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition. So tuning I mean like I mean well okay you know know know know know know know know know know um okay okay for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on track track track track track track track track track track or to Simply well well you know uh okay you know uh okay um um um um um um um um um um begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about about about about about about about about about about uh so okay uh you know well I mean well okay the mentorship group group group group group group group group group group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a like uh you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know um uh I mean like mentor to help us focus focus focus focus focus focus focus focus focus focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, like you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so uh uh um well well too often finding that person. We trust and whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose experienced is impossible. And then I mean I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um like I mean you know well if we do find them then on on on on on on on on on on the other side of the world or okay like well you know you know I I I I I I I I I I mean um um like is too expensive or they just don't have the time. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been mentoring people like like okay like like so so I mean so now for over over over over over over over over over over 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean like uh okay I mean so year. I've been been been been been been been been been been thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like I mean uh um I mean like can help more people people people people people people people people people people. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I have created an online community called the the the the the the the the the the mentorship group you know you know um uh uh okay okay I mean uh here here here here here here here here here here. You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You You You You You You You You You You can um okay you know uh um um I mean I mean okay ask me me me me me me me me me me questions anything you like whatever you are in the world for a so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh you know well uh you know okay fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, what's up, what's up, what's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and and and and and and and and and and on I mean okay you know okay I mean well like okay so behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to to to to to to to to to to well well well okay well so well so um our show. We hope you enjoy if if if if if if if if if if you dead feel free to rate and review the you know okay like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean I mean well podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What What What What What What What What What What is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is is is is is is is is is is what is what is going on? Arkansas Razorback arkansas Razorback arkansas Razorback arkansas Razorback Razorback Razorback Razorback Razorback Razorback Razorback Razorback Razorback Razorback arkansas Razorback arkansas Razorback arkansas Razorback arkansas Razorback arkansas Razorback arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana Dana husband here uh like I mean well um well so like uh with my my my my my my my my my my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will we will we will we we we we we we we we we we will we will we will we will we will we will we will be discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing brocco like okay uh so so uh so like uh ton. 10:59 before we we we we we we we we we we get started on today's death. I just want to share so you know well well well well well well well well well well so you know well uh I mean you know our excitement about our attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay uh like uh okay this as an opportunity to hear from everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone who's been learning along with us like so I mean I mean uh okay like like like like like like like like like like uh so over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested interested in sharing a okay uh I mean so I mean well like uh um thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that that that that that that that that that that we've so uh uh well okay um okay so so learned together, please send us a a a a a a a a a a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group so like like um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like you know our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists lists lists lists lists lists lists lists lists lists. I'm your like so like I mean like okay well uh well host Simon and in in in in in in in in in in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean um like um uh okay we originally published on YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this show, okay um uh um so so so so so so so so so so I mean um you know you know please do consider leaving us a review review review review review review review review review review or ever get your podcasts. That I mean okay well I mean well okay um I I I I I I I I I I mean you know would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon Whistler you're watching okay okay uh uh um so I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know top 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top you you you you you you you you you you know so okay so I mean well uh okay I mean 10 real-life spy bungles on on on on on on on on on on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The uh uh um I mean like so so so so so so so so so so you know like um Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics so okay so um um uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to to to to to to to to to to do I mean uh I mean well so so well okay okay with the terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting um you you you you you you you you you you know like like well you know like well I mean to conduct Spy Games Games Games Games Games Games Games Games Games Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know okay you know well okay okay like and here we we we we we we we we we we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh um you know I mean like so I mean into the list. I will will will will will will will will will will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the long-running long-running long-running long-running long-running long-running long-running long-running long-running long-running so uh I mean uh like um so you know uh super interesting and widely widely widely widely widely widely widely widely widely widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism and ambition you know so so so so so so so so so so so you know so um so you know um the value of solitude dating my my my my my my my my my my sister. Wisdom and what art is thanks so um you know you know you know know know know know know know know know know um so um well um much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so happy that you reached out uh so well well okay uh well uh uh to to to to to to to to to to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know okay you know you know okay um. So I've been been been been been been been been been been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child child child child child child child child child child I mean like um I mean like well uh um um sexual exploitation in in in in in in in in in in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean um okay uh uh of a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences sentences sentences sentences sentences sentences sentences sentences sentences sentences of child sex offenders if okay uh so okay like well so like so they they they they they they they they they they married their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in I I I I I I I I I I mean so um well okay well like you know okay January 2020 the the the the the the the the the the government announced plans for a similar new bill to so I mean um uh you you you you you you you you you you know okay so okay uh be introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these these these these these these these these these these whirring events in its calls for well okay like so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh the government to address the enduring issue of child marriage in in in in in in in in in in the country. Other challenges other challenges other challenges other challenges other challenges other other other other other other other other other other challenges other challenges other challenges other challenges other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly podcast I mean well okay so you know so well you know well and I I I I I I I I I I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far and want want want want want want want want want want uh like um um I mean I mean well uh okay to touch another thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing that I did last week. I made a mistake on okay uh okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean you know I mean like the Caroline Flack part where where where where where where where where where where I was talking about the meme she put um I mean well you you you you you you you you you you know like like like I mean um out and about be kind and I notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice notice when I listen back to it that I said be I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh you know okay you know okay nice. It's not a a a a a a a a a a big mistake. It's not a big difference, but You know my well you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know well uh well so well OCD kicked in and I kind of of of of of of of of of of wanted to set it right to well so um okay like well uh uh um talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX monster RX monster RX monster RX monster RX monster RX monster RX monster RX RX RX RX RX RX RX RX RX RX monster RX monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning morning. We need to do well like well so okay I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's Hazel's Hazel's Hazel's Hazel's Hazel's Hazel's Hazel's Hazel's Hazel's birthday will do well like okay uh you know well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the the the the the the the the the the top uh uh like you know okay okay well like okay 10. Introduce Rica to a new new new new new new new new new new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody um so okay uh like well you know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this and this and this this this this this this this this this this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this is the the the the the the the the the the big fat snare drum well you know um you know uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Bailey where you know so I mean so like I mean uh um okay we we we we we we we we we we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan uh I mean okay like well um you know I mean um is a a a a a a a a a a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay I mean okay well uh Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many many many many many many many many many many more. He recently released his video well I mean I mean okay you know so like well well well well well well well well well well um series that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track track track track track track track track track track land in Orange you know um you know uh well like like so um County County County County County County County County County County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and so so so so so so so so so so I mean okay okay you know well well you know I mean ultimately recording a a a a a a a a a a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare um so like like like like like like like like like like well uh uh um so uh. So you see exactly how he does it it it it it it it it it it with no brakes. It's amazing part okay you know like well um um well you know so so so so so so so so so so two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean um okay well so uh specific applications. You can check those those those those those those those those those those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled I mean okay so you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know you know you know be a IL e why.com and check check check check check check check check check check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal deal deal deal deal deal deal deal deal deal I mean like um well well like um so you know. My name is Katelyn Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, like okay okay well well well well well well well well well well like well okay um uh Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in in in in in in in in in in if you don't know what vinho Verde is I mean well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh okay well um going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like like like like like like like like like like 495 it's worth. It's always well I mean I mean well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um well on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long long long long long long long long long long time to But so okay uh um you know um well uh you know it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so um I mean okay like like well okay can be like, excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so well um like um um know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde Verde is green. Is it well okay uh well well so um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the greed wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman like like okay like like you know I mean like you know alone, which is is is is is is is is is is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you so so so so so so so so so so you know well okay I mean okay um I mean um. My guest today today today today today today today today today today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins uh uh um um um um um um um um um um like uh you know I mean well well me to share her emotional story of of of of of of of of of of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am uh you know so uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay I mean I mean so grateful for this opportunity to to to to to to to to to to spend time with her and talk about her story you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean okay well um I mean you know and forty three year year year year year year year year year year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like okay um like um so okay. This girl was always smiling. She had had had had had had had had had had the best sense of humor and was just so well you know well you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean um so like fun to be around even to this this this this this this this this this this day. She is still full of life okay well so uh uh you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh okay and so are her kids. I love I love I I I I I I I I I I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love her her her her her her her her her her energy her philanthropy her love for people you know so like uh you know so so so so so so so so so so um I mean um and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, thank well, thank well, thank well, thank well, thank well, thank well, thank well, thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank well, thank well, thank you so much for well you know so uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so uh you know so joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sitting down like so you know like I mean uh well okay um with actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these um um okay well well well well well well well well well well um uh okay well uh various parts. Probably the first part you would would would would would would would would would would Norm for is the uh like well you know you know well you know know know know know know know know know know okay you know power of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's been in a lots of I mean like uh so okay I mean like so so so so so so so so so so you know things like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently recently. Wait uh so like you know uh okay like you know okay whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor. He's like I mean um um I mean um well well uh a really good good good good good good good good good good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the to the to the to the to the to the to the the the the the the the the the the to the to the to the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl girl test. Hey everybody. Hey like hey like hey like hey like hey like hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey like hey like hey like hey like hey like uh like you know like um well so so so so so so so so so so you know was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to to to to to to to to to to you know, so um like you know well um well okay I mean bring it it it it it it it it it it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how how how how how how how how how how entertaining will so you know you know uh well so so okay so be when you are are are are are are are are are are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with like well like so so so so so so so so so so I mean well I mean well well Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and and and and and and and and and and me Mark a Altman every day on electric I mean uh like uh like like like like like like like like like like well okay well okay. Now. How do you get electric now? You download download download download download download download download download download you download you download you download you download you download you download you download you download download download download download download download download download download you download distro TV stir TV Zumo TV so okay okay so like you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh well and soon the electric now app and you just have have have have have have have have have have to pick one. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you you you you you you you you you you don't you don't you don't you don't have like you know uh well um um um um um um um um um um so well um I mean to have all your not them all of them, but but but but but but but but but but it helps and you okay okay like like okay okay okay okay uh can watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as we uh so um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know uh uh um bring you the 4:30 movie in your your your your your your your your your your house in person. Hey, this is Marc um well like you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know you know um well a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 movie. And if you're a James uh I mean so I mean well um um um um um um um um um um well like uh Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does Does it Better uh well um um um like you know um um the complete complete complete complete complete complete complete complete complete complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a so I mean so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like okay I mean hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever now wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever now wherever now wherever now wherever now wherever now wherever now wherever now wherever now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name name name name name name name name name name is okay um okay um okay okay so okay so Mike Rankin. I will be be be be be be be be be be your host this time around and boy. Do we have I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you know well uh I mean um uh uh a special guest for you crystallinity crystallinity crystallinity crystallinity crystallinity crystallinity crystallinity crystallinity crystallinity crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can I mean you know um well well well well well well well well well well like uh well uh like follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going going going going going going going going going going on? I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I I I I I I I I I I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate you jumping in like um um so so so so so so so so so so uh so uh well well with us to talk some White Sox baseball on on on on on on on on on on the future Sox podcast. This well like like like well I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know like is going to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay I mean well like uh I mean okay normally interview other people people people people people people people people people people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate so appreciate so appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate so appreciate so appreciate so appreciate so appreciate so appreciate so appreciate so appreciate so so so so so so so so so so you know uh you know uh uh um so uh you having me on on on on on on on on on on the show. And yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, we're excited over at Saks in well you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean uh um you know uh the basement right now where where where where where where where where where where we've been doing this now for almost two years so uh like you know I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh you know I mean and it really is like a Grassroots Grassroots Grassroots Grassroots Grassroots Grassroots Grassroots Grassroots Grassroots Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get um I mean I mean um you you you you you you you you you you know like you know you know like as big as it's turned into into into into into into into into into into and now we're you know, we got this live event you know you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean so of cork and Kerry the park on the the the the the the the the the the 28th, and we're going to well I mean I mean okay uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like be trying out a live broadcast from there through the Pod Pod Pod Pod Pod Pod Pod Pod Pod Pod be nap I mean you know I mean okay so I mean so well well well well well well well well well well uh and we're going to be going to two shows a week instead instead instead instead instead instead instead instead instead instead of one and it um you know you know you know um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss both both both both both both both both both both okay you know you know um okay I mean um um okay the the the the the the the the the the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and I want okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so well you know uh I mean I mean like to help you you you you you you you you you you buy sell and trade your way into a collection you'll love uh okay um you you you you you you you you you you know so well you know you know okay. Hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody and and and and and and and and and and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want to ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask ask I mean um so like um you know okay so okay you a question question question question question question question question question question. Do you do you do you do you do you do you do you you you you you you you you you you do you do you do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole card I mean well uh I mean like so um um uh industry went away away away away away away away away away away. Do you think your life would be better or worse? I think uh like so so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean well well I mean if you really stop and think think think think think think think think think think about it and honest answer for some of you well uh okay um well um um um um um um um um um um uh like uh would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away away away away away away away away away away and I mean so well um so uh like like so for others others others others others others others others others others you. Fathom a fathom a fathom a fathom a fathom a fathom a fathom a fathom fathom fathom fathom fathom fathom fathom fathom fathom fathom a fathom a fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh so you know I mean I mean well okay try make a a a a a a a a a a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, uh I I I I I I I I I I mean like like um you know like so well which is great. And And And And And And And And And And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh so okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay um uh so your podcast right from your phone or your computer and and and and and and and and and and after you're done they'll well uh like so so okay I mean well like like like like like like like like like like distribute your podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download download download download download download download download download download uh you know so well uh uh like so um the free anchor app or or or or or or or or or or go to Anchored off. I'm to I'm to I'm to I'm to I'm to to to to to to to to to to I'm to I'm to I'm to I'm to I'm to get Ready? well like well well well well well well well well well well so you know so you know well um Hey, so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board board board board board board board board board board member Matt Rigby well well so you know so okay like you know okay then then then then then then then then then then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is so so so so so so so so so so okay okay like well I mean okay like well episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby I mean uh like um you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean like so league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game game game game game game game game game game played in more places. All right, okay um okay uh okay I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well uh ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a very very very very very very very very very very special guest um well well okay you know well you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the the the the the the the the the the Netherlands. Rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay um so uh you know well you know website life and football.com. Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening so so well you know um well well well well well well well well well well well okay like Williams. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was was was was was was was was was was eight and so I mean like okay you know you know uh um like like like like like like like like like like are behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in in in in in in in in in in a I mean uh I mean okay like um um so um bowl game against against against against against against against against against against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so okay uh well you know okay well uh you know telling y'all hand down down down down down down down down down down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country so I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um uh well um I mean. I love I love I love love love love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love I love I love I love what what what what what what what what what what they have going on over there. I love I love I love I love love love love love love love love love love I love I love I love I love I love I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um okay well I mean so okay okay me explain it's free free free free free free free free free free. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a a a a a a there's a there's a there's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your uh you know okay you know I mean uh um I mean like like like like like like like like like like podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for well um um um um um um um um um um so like well like uh like okay you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more you so so so um you know um um well well well well well well well well well well uh can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean well okay like well like I mean you need to to to to to to to to to to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good well so so so so so so so so so so so you know like you know well I mean well Echo the FM to get get get get get get get get get get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth uh I mean so um um um um um um um um um um um well um so like talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, but not just money wealth I mean okay like uh I mean like you know so so so so so so so so so so uh means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is is is is is is is is is is you know well so like like so um so well not just about how how how how how how how how how how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay like um you know like Harmony in your personal life your your your your your your your your your your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's well well well you know so well okay okay um largest mining pool lectures goal is is is is is is is is is is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an you know well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know um uh uh intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch top-notch top-notch top-notch top-notch top-notch top-notch top-notch top-notch top-notch user experience and have a great selection of uh you know uh so well you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean so pools for you to mine to from a variety of of of of of of of of of of notable altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for well um like so so um so so so so so so so so so so you know uh which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure to to to to to to to to to to go and check well well okay uh like I mean well well you know know know know know know know know know know them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show like like like like like like like like like like okay so uh um okay so so you know going into 2020. We would would would would would would would would would would love it if you as listeners would support the like you know know know know know know know know know know well well you know well um um I mean show by Ting them you can can can can can can can can can can find them online at Luxor dot Tech and like well um like okay so um well well well well well well well well well well okay give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, everyone Thanks for so uh I mean okay like you know I mean uh um um um um um um um um um um tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in the history history history history history history history history history history so um okay so uh okay uh okay so of the world on today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode mean hash and I are joined by mr well well so uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean um like. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of of of of of of of of of of work projects. We like well so like I mean okay um well so talk about about about about about about about about about about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash like you you you you you you you you you you know well um like like so uh like has an epic rant on the the the the the the the the the the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space I mean I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like uh okay um I mean um. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at the I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh like uh so I mean you know okay time of prayer at at at at at at at at at at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame from I mean well well well well well well well well well well so like okay uh okay so uh birth was being carried to the Temple Temple Temple Temple Temple Temple Temple Temple Temple Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put every well you know like you know um um um um um um um um um um okay uh uh well day to beg from those going into the temple courts when when when when when when when when when when he saw Peter I mean you know so well uh okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That him uh you you you you you you you you you you know uh well like well okay um um as did John then Peter said said said said said said said said said said look at us. So the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the the so the so the so the so the man gave them um well um um um um um um um um um um so like uh okay so you know his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City City City City City City City City City City like um okay um you know you know um um okay in the aughts aughts aughts aughts aughts aughts aughts aughts aughts aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln okay like okay like like like like like like like like like like you know um well so uh Center cat fight after the Asian financial crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis of 1997. There was a okay okay um like well well well so um sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp decline in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did you you you you you you you you you you know so you know okay I mean uh uh okay you know look pretty hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um I mean well you know uh like you know row upon row row row row row row row row row row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a like well well well well well well well well well well okay okay you know uh okay uh you know bunch of rice eating peasants, but but but but but but but but but but I work for a macro fund and so like okay uh like I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so like the founder was a bit of a contrarian who believed the best long-term long-term long-term long-term long-term long-term long-term long-term long-term long-term Investments were well um so so um uh like okay okay made when no one one one one one one one one one one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started um well uh like I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean uh I mean to bloom it my fund we already already already already already already already already already already had FX in the region but back I mean well well well like okay um so so so so so so so so so so like in those days. It was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was almost like the trading trading trading trading trading trading trading trading trading trading job was unionized if you uh like like um you know um so so so so so so so so so so um I mean wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to free to free to free to free to free to free free free free free free free free free free to free to free to free to fly and step up and step podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast the puff and Steph podcast okay well you know okay um like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how how how how how how how how how how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, how hey, how was the you know like okay like okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh so weekend? It was it was it was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You You You You You You You You You You got you got you got you got you got you got you got got got got got got got got got got you got you got you got to sleep in which well so uh well um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean I mean like was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I I I I I I I I I I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I I I I I I I I I I know I know I know it is rough being back so like okay uh well well well well well well well well well well uh well uh okay here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain complain man, you well okay like um um okay uh well well know on Friday. We We We We We We We We We We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean well okay okay uh like I mean her boyfriend by stuffing them in in in in in in in in in in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and um I mean um well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um so uh seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know know know know know know know know know know if you should go back to like okay um so okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so uh well Florida. It is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney like like you know so like like like okay well and sunshine and and and and and and and and and and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First um um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean I mean I mean so you know you know of of of of of of of of of of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one one one one one one one one one one and well like I mean um like um well um I mean two of of of of of of of of of of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo um you know know know know know know know know know know you know um like okay uh I mean okay speaks to himself. He's afraid he's afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid he's afraid he's afraid he's afraid he's afraid he's afraid he's afraid he's afraid he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the crown okay well you know like like like like like like like like like like well um I mean so I mean. He says I fear that place place place place place place place place place place the most foully for it. I quote still um um okay um okay you know know know know know know know know know know well like well hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth enters. He calls well I mean like I mean you know I mean like I I I I I I I I I I mean like bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet banquet banquet banquet banquet banquet banquet banquet banquet banquet like his best friend. Of like of like of like of like of like of of of of of of of of of of like of like of like of like of like I mean so so so so so so so so so so so so like so um I mean course that's out on a horse ride with fails fails fails fails fails fails fails fails fails fails. Macbeth and speaks in like I mean um um well um I mean so so so so so so so so so so um another city liquid. He says he says he says he says he says he he he he he he he he he he says he says he says he says he says that having the crown is not not not not not not not not not not enough. He must you know well you know like uh well well well well well well well well well well well well well feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely safely safely safely safely safely safely safely safely safely. Thus Beth is well uh uh I mean okay I mean I mean well like like like like like like like like like like afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none none none none none none none none none none but like uh you know well well like I mean um like he whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards okay uh well like like like like like like like like like like well you know okay okay well Sons would be Kings and so so so so so so so so so so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm so, I'm so, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm right uh okay so you know okay I mean uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like. I don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be so you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean uh um like you know you know like I don't be drowsy heat heat heat heat heat heat heat heat heat heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question like uh okay um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean like you know the self you've reached episode to my conversation with with with with with with with with with with my mom. If you read well I mean like you know you know know know know know know know know know know you know well I mean um to shake the sleeping self, you know that that that that that that that that that that my mom is a main you know uh um okay like uh uh um um um um um um um um um um well character and a beloved one, but also the source of a lot of conflict conflict conflict conflict conflict conflict conflict conflict conflict conflict and okay okay like so you know like I mean like uh my life and and and and and and and and and and my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir uh you know well well well well well well well well well well like like so well I mean well up trouble but just because she has very strong convictions convictions convictions convictions convictions convictions convictions convictions convictions convictions beliefs that really like like I mean like you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean shaped her life and saved her life and those beliefs beliefs beliefs beliefs beliefs beliefs beliefs beliefs beliefs beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal journey of well I mean like um well so I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived problems well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so you know I mean uh uh you know and worries going on on on on on on on on on on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple fact that uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean like you know so so well we all only have one life life life life life life life life life life and that none of us are promised another I mean uh uh well you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh um um day on this beautiful planet. We all we we we we we we we we we we all we all we all we all we all we all we all we we we we we we we we we we all we all call home regardless. Of our current health you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so I mean so um well um status after all would you seriously stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay stay in the job you hate or the relationship okay uh uh like well so so so so so so so so so so so you know so that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next next next next next next next next next next year. Hell uh I mean well so um like so well you know no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly wouldn't be you know I mean I mean um um you know so um you you you you you you you you you you know worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview people people people people people people people people people people who so like so uh um um I mean um you know are living living living living living living living living living living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you have you have you have you have you have you have you you you you you you you you you you have you have you have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought thought about views okay um I mean uh so so um like um and and and and and and and and and and opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor well anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor well anchor is um like well you know uh so uh um um um um um um um um um um I mean the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this this this this this this this this this this podcast. Anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives gives anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives you so you know like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay so everything you need in one place for free and you can can can can can can can can can can easily download it like well um so I mean so well I mean like onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto onto your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to to to to to to to to to to record and okay uh well uh uh okay okay like like edit so your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast Google so I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know okay so um I mean like podcast and so many more more more more more more more more more more and the best part you can easily make money with you know like so so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean okay uh like your podcast with no minimum listenership. So So So So So So So So So So go download the app anchor or go to um you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so well uh uh so um ANC hor dot f m-- to get started started started started started started started started started started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and this you know I mean you know okay uh like like like like like like like like like like so uh so is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to to to to to to to to to to well like I mean uh so so well well uh share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR HR. My name is Kelly I mean okay you know okay like um I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by my I mean like I mean like I mean so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today today today today today today today today today today and as is typical so I mean you know okay you know you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know with my life, we change the plan because there's this little little little little little little little little little little known virus out well okay I mean so so well okay you know okay there that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly I mean well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like um like like relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if if if if if if if if if if it weren't you just in, I mean uh okay you know so uh you know know know know know know know know know know okay well California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the the the the the the the the the the clock is Coronavirus is um so I mean um like you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so originated. I think that we need no well, like have you been watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching watching United States? I I mean I mean so uh okay I mean so you you you you you you you you you you know so think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you they they they they they they they they they they haven't even well well I mean well okay uh I mean you know uh taken taken taken taken taken taken taken taken taken taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the experts you know you you you you you you you you you you know well okay okay well well well uh we have here today to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk to us. So today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter like well I I I I I I I I I I mean well like uh well so okay and the topic of today's newsletter is is is is is is is is is is going to be gaining Clarity and closure I mean um uh well well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean so I mean. What kind of interesting email here from a a a a a a a a a a guy who writes in thanking like uh um well you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like like me for my work and telling me how just in a short period of of of of of of of of of of um um okay uh well um um like like time. He's in he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's in he's in he's in he's in he's in he's in he's in he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's in he's in a situation where I guess his he's been married. And he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's in well uh well I mean I mean well you know well well the process of getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting a divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He uh so so so so so so so so so so um you know uh I mean I mean you know you know found out she she she she she she she she she she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting like you you you you you you you you you you know um um I mean like you know so um thing is he's completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting like you know know know know know know know know know know you know um you know um like I mean okay thing is he's hanging hanging hanging hanging hanging hanging hanging hanging hanging hanging out having fun and hooking up with his wife without well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know well like uh I mean any kind of attachments attachments attachments attachments attachments attachments attachments attachments attachments attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with okay okay um um so I mean so you know you know know know know know know know know know know only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those those those those those those those those those those things, um okay well you know like uh you know um um but if man man man man man man man man man man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting some contest um well well well well well well well well well well well like so well so like so Soma Soma And it's actually been a long long long long long long long long long long process a few when we like like I mean um um um like so so so so so so so so so so you know first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start start start start start start start start start start a podcast and I mean like uh okay you know well okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months now and telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling telling I mean so well I mean so I mean I mean okay so the last last last last last last last last last last year so but interesting how we actually got go to my I don't remember okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so okay um um um I mean that day like yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday device right here is a kind of weird one were both um um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh okay so jumping on the train and without a couple of of of of of of of of of of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean I mean well I mean you know like okay ain't all all all all all all all all all all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh like okay I mean like uh care how tough you you you you you you you you you you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you I mean okay so you you you you you you you you you you know so you know uh I mean okay there permanently. If you let it you you you you you you you you you you me or nobody is gonna hit as so um so like um um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about about about about about about about about about about how uh um you know so um I mean you know uh uh hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and keep so so so so so so so so so so like so like um okay well like uh moving forward. That's how that's how how how how how how how how how how that's how that's how that's how that's how that's how that's how that's how how how how how how how how how how that's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're worth then uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay well so so uh um you know go out and get what you're worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth worth. But you gotta be willing to like you know okay like you know you you you you you you you you you you know like okay so take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't where you wanna be like so you know uh I mean uh well uh well well well well well well well well well well because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that and and and and and and and and and and that and that and that and that and that and that and that and and and and and and and and and and that and that ain't you you know you know uh so so um well well well well well well well well well well well okay you better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well um you know so you know well well moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know know know know know know know know know know well um so you know I mean like well so so it's Ryan crach and and and and and and and and and and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're like you know so like so so so so so so so so so so well so okay uh I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the so the the the the the the the the the the so the so the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the the so the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three uh uh you know uh you you you you you you you you you you know so uh uh like days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the the the the the the the the the the viewers that we will so I mean you know uh um uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so be releasing things I so for them. It's a it's a it's a a a a a a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a week but but but but but but but but but but maybe Monday here I mean you know uh uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like uh well week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my my my my my my my my my my week so um like okay okay so so uh so mixed up Tuesday. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that means. It's something um um um um um um um um um um um I mean um like I mean I mean um so political and shaking his his his his his his his his his his head at me. It's not it's not it's not it's not it's not not not not not not not not not not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do do do do do do do do do do you know well well okay you know so uh I mean so. All right right right right right right right right right right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, well oh, well oh, well oh, well oh, well oh, well oh, well oh, well oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth okay I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like like okay well I mean like episode. I believe unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able you know okay like uh so so so so so so so so so so okay like like you know to join this week because he is on spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring spring break. He's living it like so okay okay like like so so so up in in in in in in in in in in Spain. What up Christian are you doing? But this week we um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well uh okay uh um so have three very special guests from Lehigh Lehigh Lehigh Lehigh Lehigh Lehigh Lehigh Lehigh Lehigh Lehigh University. Number one, number one, number one, number one, number one, number one, number number number number number number number number number number one, number one, number one, number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean like uh like so uh uh up, what up, dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Betty Gale Brown from well you know uh okay you know okay you know um um um um um um um um um um well the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She She She She She She She She She She was she was she was she was she was she was she was was was was was was was was was was she was she was she was uh so okay um uh like well uh I I I I I I I I I I mean found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man um um um um um um um um um um so well well so well I mean well um confessed to the crime but was was was was was was was was was was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown I mean like okay I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh um uh I mean that night to hear more episodes like like like like like like like like like like this follow unsolved murders free on um you know um well you know I I I I I I I I I I mean so well I mean Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due Due Due Due Due Due Due Due Due Due to the graphic nature of this murder case you know um uh well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well you know listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and and and and and and and and and and discussions of murder and I mean well well you know okay so um I I I I I I I I I I mean um assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children children children children children children children children children children I mean like so I mean well like I mean okay well under 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast is in conjunction with the the the the the the the the the the layer Aid well like um I mean um uh so like uh conference which which which which which which which which which which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, well well um uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean like well like 2020 in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference conference is the first one to solely focus like so you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean um like uh um on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint osint osint osint osint osint osint osint osint osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators always you know well uh like so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well like seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear many of so well you know well okay um um I mean you know know know know know know know know know know those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill a a a a a a a a a a whole presentation I mean I mean well you know okay uh like uh you know and and and and and and and and and and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh you know um uh I mean. This podcast this podcast this this this this this this this this this this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well okay well so so I mean uh just stories some might be be be be be be be be be be a short as five minutes some may even go for 45 minutes okay like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so so so uh. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views the views the views the views the views the views views views views views views views views views views the views the views the views the views and opinions expressed by the DJ's DJ's DJ's DJ's DJ's DJ's DJ's DJ's DJ's DJ's do not necessarily stay or um so like you know you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know reflect those of the company and its management for their more more more more more more more more more more the views and opinions you know you know you know you know uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like like of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This is is is is is is is is is is uh uh um uh like so so you know like the show that explores the the the the the the the the the the far ends of human experience. And today we're looking at um like like like like like like like like like like like um like okay you know okay like one of the weirdest most ambitious science science science science science science science science science science experiments of the 20th century. It's a story you know uh like okay so so so so so so so so so so um um so you know about for men and for women who are are are are are are are are are are locked inside this enormous glass dome for um um so okay like like well well well well well well well well well well okay you know two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine it all okay so I mean uh so well um you know like went a a a a a a a a a a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think I think I think think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think think think think think think think think think think things started to get uh like like um like uh like okay you know know know know know know know know know know a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think we all all all all all all all all all all uh okay uh well I mean uh you know you know okay knew instinctively that that that that that that that that that that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello hey, hello hey, hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hey, hello hey, hello hey, hello hey, hello hey, hello hey, hello hey, hello and and and and and and and and and and welcome to I want uh you know um like uh so you know so um to be be be be be be be be be be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um I mean you know so I mean you from multiple States. Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's um well okay okay well I mean okay you know I mean time time time time time time time time time time. I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I I I I I I I I I I love I love I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say say say say say say say say say say it. You sound like I mean so uh you know so so okay okay like like like like like like like like like like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode of of of of of of of of of of well well you know I mean okay I mean um I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I don't want to put my microphone. We're not we're not we're not we're not we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not we're not in the new studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio studio yet uh okay well like I mean um um uh uh because we had a little little little little little little little little little little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that we um uh well so so so so so so so so so so you know okay um well okay posted at by the time you listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen to this a few weeks ago we found uh so I mean um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay you know you know uh Mice in our basement. So we had had had had had had had had had had to put our project on hold like uh um um uh you know well well well well well well well well well well I mean like for a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime meantime you know I mean well I mean okay so um you know uh now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three three three three three three three three three three okay well uh so well well okay uh you know different places. This is is is is is is is is is is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high so, well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean okay well you know you know what's the plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan plan today? Listen? I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't seen you in like a week and and and and and and and and and and a half you know okay uh okay I mean so I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB NB NB NB NB NB NB NB NB NB and I mean uh so like you know I mean like well uh this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season like well well well well well well well well well well okay so well so you know so so 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28 28 28 28 28 28 28 28 28 28. Sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is Legend and don't I mean okay um um you know know know know know know know know know know um uh you know okay forget guys stick around for the any because we we we we we we we we we we are going to go through our uh uh well okay uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. So well I mean I mean like well um well you know okay be be be be be be be be be be sure to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on on on on on on on on on on right I mean um okay okay okay so like um I mean now for for for for for for for for for for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket socket socket socket socket socket socket socket socket socket um you know you know you know I mean I mean I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like. To enter to enter to enter to enter to enter to enter to to to to to to to to to to enter to enter to enter to enter just written comments on our iTunes page and and and and and and and and and and you'll be entered in well so well um uh you know so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean the draw. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for you you you you you you you you you you know I mean uh like um I mean uh like so so we have have have have have have have have have have lots of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand you know know know know know know know know know know you know well okay uh okay you know well I mean new ones. Thank you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank you thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe like I mean I mean like uh uh so uh okay to the channel. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale you you you you you you you you you you know well well you know you know you know well I mean okay. What What What What What What What What What What do you think? It was it was good? It was it was it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was really really really really really really really really really really good. They're like uh well like well I mean well um like a couple things that that that that that that that that that that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but but but but but but but but but but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah uh like I mean uh okay um well so like Franklin bring on comedians to to to to to to to to to to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with okay like you know well like like like like like like like like like like I mean um like uh Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but but but but but but but but but but first women get you know like like okay like I mean uh like um eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell all well like uh well so like so so uh week and we have a very very very very very very very very very very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This This This This This This This This This This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode this episode I mean uh uh okay like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find find find find find find find find find find offensive. We advise Extreme like I mean I mean like okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know uh like Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass Bass you know I mean I mean uh uh you know so well like Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader. Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our Our uh okay like um well well you know uh you know 30 year old old old old old old old old old old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of the Oakland you know know know know know know know know know know okay um so okay um like I mean okay Charter. He was a legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend legend in his own right at least. That's what he'd you know I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean so so like so uh say. As Sonny walked he he he he he he he he he he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag so well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know so like uh. It featured a redesigned logo that had been been been been been been been been been been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity Christianity Christianity Christianity Christianity Christianity Christianity Christianity Christianity Christianity and uh like like okay you know uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know well other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent reinvent reinvent reinvent reinvent reinvent reinvent reinvent reinvent reinvent so I mean um I mean well you know I mean okay okay religion religion religion religion religion religion religion religion religion religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like uh like so um listening to to the excellent album hearts of of of of of of of of of of No Light by shamash, which I like so um uh well um like you you you you you you you you you you know you know highly recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one one one one one one one one one one of the speakers so well I mean uh uh you know um uh okay in my car car car car car car car car car car. My current my current my current my current my current my current my current my my my my my my my my my my current my current my current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music okay okay uh you know like uh I mean well so I've had had had had had had had had had had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming um so um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean well so um well out of one of the two stereo channels channels channels channels channels channels channels channels channels channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to okay well well well well well well well well well well uh okay you know okay uh I mean so Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. This is by far anchors um so you know like well so like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay the best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um like I mean well well okay you know can put it out out out out out out out out out out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect it's perfect it's perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect it's perfect it's perfect it's perfect it's perfect it's perfect it's perfect it's perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect you know I mean like I mean like well so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean all my friends use it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've okay okay so like uh I mean well I mean well used other platforms, and and and and and and and and and and I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you know okay okay well well well well well well well well well well um um um uh well you sign up with anchor if you're interested in doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing podcast. Hit me hit me hit me hit me hit me hit me hit me me me me me me me me me me hit me hit me hit me up if uh well I mean um you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean well uh you're interested as well. Hey, what's up, man? man man man man man man man man man How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner well well like you know you know um well like like has another partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner partner that person by the way, for those of you don't you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know like I mean well you know okay know has a a a a a a a a a a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean well so um well for your partner's partner. So your partner's dating someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone or in a relationship with someone you know uh so okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay you know you know you're in a relationship with your partner. And And And And And And And And And And so you have a metamour and you want well okay so well so uh um um um um um um um um um um I mean I mean to know this person. Maybe you maybe you maybe you you you you you you you you you you maybe you maybe you maybe you maybe you maybe you maybe you maybe you want want want want want want want want want want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're maybe you're maybe you're maybe you're maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe you're maybe you're maybe you're maybe you're maybe you're maybe you're really so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay you know uh um you know so into kitchen table poly, poly, poly, poly, poly, poly, poly, poly, poly, poly, which is the idea that you can be on such good well you know know know know know know know know know know you know so um you know um well okay terms with your metamour that that that that that that that that that that the two of you could sit down in someone's like um okay like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well well kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang hang hang hang hang hang hang hang hang hang well uh like I mean you know well uh you know uh out out out out out out out out out out. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang up on your partner I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean okay uh uh um okay you know from time to to to to to to to to to to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked I'm stoked I'm stoked I'm stoked I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm stoked I'm stoked I'm stoked I'm stoked I'm stoked I'm stoked that you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're joining me this morning for today's in um well so uh uh um um um um um um um um um um uh so I mean conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is is is is is is is is is is all things travel during okay okay like um I mean well okay like I mean chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and and and and and and and and and and to okay you know so uh so uh like you know so find out out out out out out out out out out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently he currently he currently he currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently currently he currently he currently he currently he currently he currently he currently has Brewing you may have have have have have have have have have have previously like like uh well you know um um um well known Zach is is is is is is is is is is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group of creatives you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay um I mean I mean like well you know who were traveling. And documenting Eternal Eternal Eternal Eternal Eternal Eternal Eternal Eternal Eternal Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome to you know so well okay you know know know know know know know know know know uh okay I mean so the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me me me me me me me me me me. So Zach and I um well you know so like I mean um you you you you you you you you you you know okay actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people people people people people people people people people people these days you know you know like uh okay I mean okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our our our our our our our our our our laptops and a lot of people come I mean uh you know um I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um like you know through and sort of asked what we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You well um well well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean got a few things in common. And here we are here here here here here here here here here here we are. Yeah pretty yeah pretty yeah pretty yeah pretty yeah pretty yeah pretty yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah pretty yeah pretty yeah pretty yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if if if if if if if if if if you're if you're if you're if you're interested in learning more about raising raising raising raising raising raising raising raising raising raising your vibration, check out our you know you know like you know okay uh so so so so so so so so so so you know uh show notes in a hotel room me they always have those those those those those those those those those those Bibles and and I so okay so well um you know uh um like opened opened opened opened opened opened opened opened opened opened it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you you you you you you you you you you know like you know like um I mean well you know uh you saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you okay like well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean like like you know you know kind of have that that that that that that that that that that habit of of of telling us all is well and your own okay you know I I I I I I I I I I mean um so well so like uh words. And so okay. So what I'm getting at at at at at at at at at at is are there good angels so you know so you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know um like you know and bad angels and we want to remind you that that that that that that that that that that that there is like so like uh well um like well I mean a stream of of of of of of of of of of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've you know so so so so so so so so so so so okay like okay so you know okay noticed about any who for whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever reason are standing in a place where they are you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like uh okay you know okay so not allowing their alignment with that stream of well-being well-being well-being well-being well-being well-being well-being well-being well-being well-being because not being in vibrational alignment you know well okay okay like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh with the well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful painful so I mean um you know well you know so well like place. That's always always always always always always always always always always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a a a a a a a a a a lotta gibberish. I'll I mean like well um you know I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be here here here here here here here here here here with um so like you know so uh um I mean well you today today today today today today today today today today. And in and in and in and in and in and in and in in in in in in in in in in and in and in and in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth youth. How did um you know I mean okay so okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about about about about about about about about about about so over um well um you know I mean you know you know um um um um um um um um um um okay the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I was was was was was was was was was was thinking that uh um like you know okay like like uh um I really wanted to to to to to to to to to to work and focus on my creativity and when I started like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well like I mean uh so okay the semester I am Third-year communication student student student student student student student student student student in Spain. I was also looking for an like I mean uh so like like like like like like like like like like well you know so um initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very very very very very very very very very very anxious and I realized that a so well um well uh you know well um you you you you you you you you you you know lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're obviously we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun and exciting announcement. I wanted to you know like like well um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so um let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Network front leg is I mean okay I mean so so so uh so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, I am am am am am am am am am am both okay uh well so uh well I mean like uh a reader of and author author author author author author author author author author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance is well I mean uh so like well well well well well well well well well well okay you know like not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan fan of many kinds of well like well uh so you know okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value value value value value value value value value value of self-care I mean you know well I mean you know uh you know know know know know know know know know know uh well. So we're really excited to be a part of this community. If If If If If If If If If If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if if if if if if if if if if you're if you're if you're into romance I mean I mean okay like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um well in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It It It It It It It It It It includes okay you know um um okay um um well uh one of my my my my my my my my my my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about so so so so so so so so so so like well you know uh I mean okay so you know romance. She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's She's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times times times times times times times times times times. We love we love we love we love we love we love we love we love we love we love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering we're offering we're offering we're offering offering offering offering offering offering offering offering offering offering we're offering we're offering we're offering we're offering we're offering we're offering our listeners some additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional content about the uh I mean like like uh you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most most most most most most most most most most I mean I mean you know I mean so I mean uh okay okay notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know well okay uh well uh. We're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring the the the the the the the the the the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network you know so so so so so so so so so so like well okay I mean so you know okay. We've collected short clips clips clips clips clips clips clips clips clips clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us so um you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean uh so okay okay explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime uh um you know like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know uh world really is you can find these original episodes for free free free free free free free free free free on Spotify or wherever okay well so so like I mean I mean um um um um um um um um um um uh you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be be be be be be be be be be posted in so okay uh so like like okay like so the description today. We're discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're discussing we're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you you you you you you you you you you know like um you know um well well you know well you here we've had some some some some some some some some some some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you know I mean okay I mean so so okay you guys have enjoyed those but but but but but but but but but but it's just us today. We are we are we are we are we are we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are here at so you know know know know know know know know know know so you know okay like um okay well 7:00 in the morning. I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally like well okay so like like like like like like like like like like uh you know well so make the goal every morning to wake up at at at at at at at at at at 5:00. Like this like this like this like this like this like this like this this this this this this this this this this like this like this like this is you know you know so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um I mean I mean well some sight. It was six was it safe and and and and and and and and and and James woke up at 4:00 and I mean um like uh um okay like well so so so so so so so so so so we just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes so so so I mean like I mean so so uh eat we cannot something happens where where where where where where where where where where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us again again again again again again again again again again okay okay okay um so like you know okay like. And it's the whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves in a you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know um um okay um so I mean minute, but guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at this for uh um so so so so so so so so so so okay so I mean okay well well a year. Well, I think this is is is is is is is is is is like episode 56 or something. Maybe it so um you know okay uh you you you you you you you you you you know so you know you know maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers Checkers Checkers Checkers Checkers Checkers Checkers Checkers Checkers Checkers out there to correct us, you okay okay I mean like I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know um so know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often often often often often often often often often often speak for yourself like so okay so so so I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but that well well well well well well well well well well so you know so okay you know you know so like just has because we do do do do do do do do do do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from okay like you know you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay you know like like wherever we are and we sit down and and and and and and and and and and and I think most of the well like uh uh well like you know know know know know know know know know know well um time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace someplace someplace someplace someplace someplace someplace someplace someplace someplace else so okay so okay well you know um so well. Never glad. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you you know know know know know know know know know know like um I mean I mean uh you know like well got got got got got got got got got got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not I've not I've not not not not not not not not not not I've not I've not I've not I've not I've not I've not I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I I I I I I I I I I um I um I um I um I um I um I um I I I I I I I I I I um I um I um so like okay I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to to to to to to to to to to New so so so so well so well you know uh Orleans my hometown and it it it it it it it it it it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of okay well you know know know know know know know know know know so um okay you know I mean you know stuff going on and and and and and and and and and and I could have recorded like the days after but I mean you know uh so so so so so so so so so so um well okay um okay I had so much shit like a dentist's dentist's dentist's dentist's dentist's dentist's dentist's dentist's dentist's dentist's appointment. I had to go get you know um okay well you know like you know know know know know know know know know know well well my pap. Smear I smear I smear I smear I smear I smear smear smear smear smear smear smear smear smear smear I smear I smear I smear I smear I have errands to run I was was was was was was was was was was linking with people that I okay uh so uh I mean like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well see in a while. Basically, I basically, I basically, I basically, I basically, I I I I I I I I I I basically, I basically, I basically, I basically, I basically, I really didn't have time and then then then then then then then then then then I'm staying in um like like uh so I mean okay so so New Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews well well well well well well well well well well I mean like I mean uh um well uh well and it be loud like like like like like like like like like like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house okay like um you know like like like like like like like like like like I mean so like like and no one's here right now, which is is is is is is is is is is kind of rare. So I'm trying to so so so okay so okay uh you you you you you you you you you you know um record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully so hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully so hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and my my my my my my my my my my I mean okay like so okay like uh okay well name is Stacy. We're twin we're twin twin twin twin twin twin twin twin twin twin we're twin we're twin we're twin we're twin we're twin we're twin we're twin twin twin twin twin twin twin twin twin twin we're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like well okay well and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware beware beware beware beware beware beware beware beware beware we do talk about um like uh you know so okay you know I I I I I I I I I I mean like scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting blasting this episode well I mean you know like okay like okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth because I said I mean you know you know I mean uh um like like like like like like like like like like um okay being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and and and and and and and and and and opinions expressed by okay okay I mean okay like so well okay like our our our our our our our our our our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird. It's okay so I mean I mean I mean uh you know well you you you you you you you you you you know time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends hello friends hello friends hello friends hello friends hello friends hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello friends hello friends hello friends hello friends and welcome to another episode of back back back back back back back back back back flips and maple dips episode 86, you know uh so well um so well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean I believe I can never keep track its right broker broker broker broker broker broker broker broker broker broker. I was right. Yeah uh okay like okay well well uh like like. Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for for for for for for for for for for your you know so you know um well um I mean okay um intro on on on on on on on on on on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely that's extremely that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's extremely that's extremely that's extremely that's extremely that's extremely that's extremely that's extremely that's extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely room uh uh like I mean you know uh okay uh well a numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so I mean like I mean the maritimes. How's it how's it how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it how's it it it it it it it it it it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up uh you know you know I I I I I I I I I I mean so like um okay I mean out here. It's weird. It's like like like like like like like like like like it's raining. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's like almost always always always always always always always always always always cloudy, but you so well um well like okay okay I mean well can tell it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used to um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um you know um um um being known for out here. It's weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like it's like it's like it's like it's been positive okay like so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well um degree temperature every day for the last I think think think think think think think think think think week something like that. Well, it sucks okay well uh so uh okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised. This episode you know okay so I mean um like well well like includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme so like like like like like like like like like like okay uh um okay okay okay like Caution for children under 13. There's something magical magical magical magical magical magical magical magical magical magical about a college campus where well um well um like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like everyone's gone home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the the the the the the the the the the okay well like like I mean um well um like air and the snow-covered World World World World World World World World World World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up so like I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh okay well uh so by ivy league Gothic architecture. It's fun it's fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's fun it's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate uh well like you know you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know uh so you swap stories about your Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that so well um um um um um um um um um um you know so um so okay okay the idea of a walk to to to to to to to to to to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans I mean um so so well well well well well well well well well well so like okay I mean. Seems like seems like seems like seems like seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems seems like seems like seems like seems like seems like seems like a bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a a a a a a a a a a straight line well well I mean so so so so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs for everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone so you know well okay like okay so like so. Oh, those hot dogs were were were were were were were were were were so good man that day at the space amusement like like like so okay you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um I mean park is one of my favorite memories of all all all all all all all all all all of us. And Lee was like well well you know uh okay okay okay like like like like like like like like like like so hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all we we we we we we we we we we all we all we all we all we all we all we all all all all all all all all all all we all we all know are you you know okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know I mean so you know like okay get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I I I I I I I I I I yeah, I yeah, I definitely remember that because you know I mean um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know like okay you know you're the only person I know who who who who who who who who who who loves funnel cake more than I do Franklin um so so uh uh you know know know know know know know know know know so like okay. Yeah. Good old good old good old good old good old old old old old old old old old old good old good old good old good old good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're counting well okay well you know like well uh um so down the top top top top top top top top top top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we go go go go go go go go go go like well um okay like so so well well back to the Year 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 1997 almost people. Remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ OJ OJ OJ OJ OJ OJ OJ OJ OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he was um um um um um um um um um um well like you know well you know I mean you know so acquitted on two two two two two two two two two two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two um well you you you you you you you you you you know like like I mean well I mean okay years later if you enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow okay um uh um um so so so so so so so so so so so you know well for more shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna Edna Edna Edna Edna Edna Edna Edna Edna Edna special edna special edna special edna special edna special edna special edna special edna special edna edna edna edna edna edna edna edna edna edna special edna special as always so well um well um you know so uh like like like like like like like like like like you can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions I I I I I I I I I I mean um I mean so you know uh so uh um of viewers had had had had had had had had had had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean uh like so you know like okay Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can everyone can everyone can can can can can can can can can can everyone can everyone can everyone can everyone can everyone can everyone can everyone can introduce himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself to brew well I mean um um okay I mean um well I I I I I I I I I I mean ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy itchy itchy itchy itchy itchy itchy itchy itchy itchy well I mean um um um okay um uh so. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious precious precious precious precious precious precious precious precious precious okay well so I mean like so well so I mean minutes of Slumber before before before before before before before before before before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again well so okay like you you you you you you you you you you know so like okay like and again when you can no longer stand the agonizingly agonizingly agonizingly agonizingly agonizingly agonizingly agonizingly agonizingly agonizingly agonizingly short 8 minute increments of uh so I mean well um well okay uh so so so so so so so so so so sleep you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll so so so so so so so so so so like um you know uh um uh so you know through ooh your data data data data data data data data data data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment uh so so I mean like like like like like like like like like like uh um um like this week as you dress you ask your smart speaker speaker speaker speaker speaker speaker speaker speaker speaker speaker what the weather's like the cold well like so I mean well okay so well well well well well well well well well well uh programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise precise precise precise precise precise precise precise precise precise temperature well like um I mean um so um you know uh you you you you you you you you you you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like like so well uh well um was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check check check check check check check check check check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas. And And And And And And And And And And so uh okay okay you know well uh okay um today we have a very very very very very very very very very very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and I sat okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um okay um I mean you know well um down with dr. Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform chronic uh you know so so so so so so so so so so uh okay well I mean um like pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if if if if if if if if if if you guys are not aware of dr. Ricardo like uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh like you know I mean Vallejo he Is the man the myth the the the the the the the the the the legend behind stem Genex he so okay well uh well um you know uh um is is is is is is is is is is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um like I mean you know uh um the record some some some some some some some some some some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo and okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean like okay uh you know like like his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the like like like like like like like like like like so uh so okay like well uh um doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal teal teal teal teal teal teal teal teal teal. I'm the owner and operator well so um um so like well I mean okay of of of of of of of of of of dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know you know um uh um uh all about why circuit workouts are are are are are are are are are are optimal for cyclists. This topic this topic this topic this topic this topic this this this this this this this this this this topic this topic this topic this topic this topic was sent in so so so so so so so so so so like you know like I mean so uh I mean like by an underscore underscore underscore underscore underscore underscore underscore underscore underscore underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because so like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so okay like like like he noticed that most of my Programs Programs Programs Programs Programs Programs Programs Programs Programs Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put okay I mean like so you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean well like out our mixed in some form of a circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit circuit. So you want to know why okay you know well well I mean you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay okay that is. Is it is it is it is it is is is is is is is is is is it is it is it is it is it is it something that really is is is is is is is is is is better for cyclists. Is it just so well like I mean so well I mean um I I I I I I I I I I mean my style? What is that? So we're going to break down the the the the the the the the the the science so um um you know okay uh so you know like and we're also also also also also also also also also also going to break down some reality because you know, all the I mean like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean uh um well um well science in the world. Sometimes can't get get get get get get get get get get around real life factors. I think so, we'll uh uh so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know uh you know talk about both and then really why I choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose choose to do them and why you know well you know well well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And And And And And And And And And And as and as and as and as and as and as and as and and and and and and and and and and as and as and as I mean okay uh so okay you know okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it it it it it it it it it it was for episode okay okay you know well so so well I mean well 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great compliments on I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh well well uh um I mean like episode 1. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I I I I I I I I I I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and and and and and and and and and and uh uh well you know you know uh like uh well get access access access access access access access access access access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development uh you you you you you you you you you you know well so so like um you know okay productivity business and more listen to to to to to to to to to to them while working out or commuting to work and okay uh uh you know I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so uh okay get the key insights of books in minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes instead of hours. Go to go to go to go to go to go to to to to to to to to to to go to go to go to go to Quick readcom like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know you know I mean I mean. App and app and app and app and app app app app app app app app app app and app and app and app and app and app and download our app for for for for for for for for for for free today. Summary of summary of summary of summary of summary of summary of of of of of of of of of of summary of summary of summary of summary of the Fine Art of small um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh so um you know okay talk by Deborah fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith um so well um um um um um um um um um um you know like so you know okay introduction as a young girl author. Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah fine was overweight shy and often sat in like you know okay like um um um um um um um um um um I mean so um so visible in the back of the class. It It It It It It It It It It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it was it was it was when her third grade classmate Rita um so so so so so so so so so so okay you know uh I mean um um well passed out invites to to to to to to to to to to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting your well like well like um okay so well I mean own podcast, but you're not not not not not not not not not not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is the uh like um so so so so so so so so so so you know so um uh you know way to do it. That's actually what we we we we we we we we we we use to host this podcast. So if uh like so um you know okay well well well well well well well well well well um um you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we we we we we we we we we we just download our audio upload so okay you know okay well I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well well it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit go and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor publishes uh um well so so okay well you know uh it to nine different places places places places places places places places places places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all those uh uh like um so so so so so so so so so so okay well so you know places of people download podcasts and it's easy and and and and and and and and and and best of All it's free you know you know like okay you know know know know know know know know know know so um okay I mean. So go to Anchor dot f m or download download download download download download download download download download the mobile app on your uh so so I mean like so uh um um um um um um um um um um like phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every every every every every every every every every every um like um okay so well you know well so one of you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this without you well um well um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well well like. So be sure at the end of the show to to to to to to to to to to leave a review join the so you know so uh well you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent Links at the well I mean like so uh you know okay okay like bottom. So So So So So So So So So So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before but before but before but but but but but but but but but but before but before but before but before but before but before but before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast. Let okay let okay let okay let okay let okay let okay let let let let let let let let let let okay let okay let okay let okay okay okay okay uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um okay uh me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record and edit your like like uh I mean you know you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So So okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so okay so so so so so so so so so so okay so okay uh well so um like you know uh uh it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money like well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean okay like I mean you know from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast uh like like like um well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know in one place download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to to Anchor FM um you know so like okay so uh uh so to get get get get get get get get get get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean well uh I mean okay uh you know uh I mean today on on on on on on on on on on our show. We have we have we have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we it's called speaking for the the the the the the the the the the bag. We have you know you know okay I mean so well um uh you you you you you you you you you you know Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do do do do do do do do do do okay okay uh I mean um I mean you know I mean well some workouts at home, home, home, home, home, home, home, home, home, home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle uh well well well well well well well well well well um um um um you know uh uh to find the time or if you travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel travel a lot then you need this plan uh like um uh like um like I I I I I I I I I I mean okay. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll repeat again. Been Ogden um well I mean well I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists of of of of of of of of of of like um so so well you know so well well three workouts every single single single single single single single single single single week all different workouts. You also get access to the audio trainer okay like like like like like like like like like like well well so you know so like well app. Which has all video tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials tutorials of how to do every single exercise on the I mean like I mean you you you you you you you you you you know so you know okay um you know plant. No equipment needed. You might might might might might might might might might might you might you might you might you might you might you might you you you you you you you you you you might you might you might need a sofa you might get a chair chair chair chair chair chair chair chair chair chair uh um well okay so um so you know okay up some point, but very very very very very very very very very very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can find around well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean you know um um okay the house. And so if you you you you you you you you you you answered yes to any of them questions um you know like uh well okay well you know you you you you you you you you you you know at the start go and get the planet is also 50% off off off off off off off off off off at the moment um um well okay you know so um like like. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but um so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh like uh well so here we go. So today came across something pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty special. Let's just make this one on well I mean so like so uh you you you you you you you you you you know like I mean. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I I I I I I I I I I decided you know, hey, I'll okay I mean so I mean uh um I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know know know know know know know know know know. Oh, here okay so uh well like um well so well we go. My My My My My My My My My My favorite my favorite my favorite my favorite my favorite my favorite my favorite my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite my favorite my favorite guide The Rock. He's got he's got he's got he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's got he's got he's got he's got he's got he's got he's got a a a a a a a a a a new movie out. Hell, well I mean um you know uh okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young child child child child child child child child child child um uh I mean I mean um I mean you know like well mean my grandpa grandpa grandpa grandpa grandpa grandpa grandpa grandpa grandpa grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, I I I I I I I I I I mean uh I mean I mean so like you know uh I mean so so so so so so so so so so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this gentlemen, this gentlemen, this gentlemen, this gentlemen, this gentlemen, this gentlemen, this this this this this this this this this this gentlemen, this gentlemen, this gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been Been Been Been Been Been Been Been Been Been awhile been awhile been awhile been awhile been awhile been awhile been awhile been awhile been been been been been been been been been been awhile been awhile and want uh uh um well you know so okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think um um um um um um um um um um so um you know um okay I mean so like it's kind of funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of so well you know know know know know know know know know know okay you know uh like so uh my last Whatever you want to call it it it it it it it it it it one of my last pump and dumps um I mean I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay like well that I dealt with before I went Monk. And a a a a a a a a a a father to a woman about my okay I mean I mean so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know so age that I met on one of those trashy trashy trashy trashy trashy trashy trashy trashy trashy trashy dumbass freaking one of the um like uh okay you know um uh I I I I I I I I I I mean uh dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that that that that that that that that that that was the first um um uh um I mean you know you know okay well well well well well well well well well well mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio radio okay well well well I mean okay I mean uh you know. We're up to to to to to to to to to to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly well um like like like like like like like like like like so um uh well uh um getting through these episodes but we get to to to to to to to to to to meet and interact with a lot of so like well um you know you you you you you you you you you you know like so I mean different people. And today I have another very special special special special special special special special special special guest who goes by you know I mean well so you know okay I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like the Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate mate. Thank you for having like I mean uh like I mean like um okay you know know know know know know know know know know me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to us us us us us us us us us us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but sorry, but sorry, but sorry, but sorry, but but but but but but but but but but sorry, but sorry, but sorry, but sorry, but sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, uh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, uh oh, uh like well uh I mean okay uh well like no. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace um uh I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so like um you know well Lord and repent of sins. All right, you you you you you you you you you you know what? Today's episode is well well like okay well well like uh I mean about about about about about about about about about about it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing like like like like like like like like like like so okay um you know like well okay um the beginning of Doc season. So So So So So So So So So So we're going to say that after today's episode. There I there I there I I I I I I I I I I there I there I there I there I there I there I there I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh I mean so like I mean like well will be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I I I I I I I I I I really so so like okay well like like like so following that way gonna start start start start start start start start start start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, you you know well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh um okay well well so know where else far far away away away away away away away away away away where it takes us months to create new okay so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well um so okay so merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and and and and and and and and and and it's popping / stores I mean so okay okay well like well so uh / / / / / / / / / / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are super cheap like well well well well well well well well well well uh um like well so I mean like ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We We We We We We We We We We finally got our shit together. We like well well um uh well like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing Designing Designing Designing Designing Designing Designing Designing Designing Designing it. Thank you well okay uh well like okay uh like you know. So fucking much much much much much much much much much much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many like I mean so so so so so so so so so so like um like like um okay different types of designs. There is an optimal 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20. Simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love well um you know um okay okay um so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm um um um um um um um um um um uh uh so okay um uh I mean um Tess vigeland the host of of of of of of of of of of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, well well uh uh like like like like like like like like like like um okay um okay we're going to explore the future of marketing. So you and and and and and and and and and and your marketing team can stay okay well okay well um so like um you you you you you you you you you you know ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops drops drops drops drops drops drops drops drops drops on you know you know okay like um you know um you know know know know know know know know know know so March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma okay um well like uh you know uh um uh is reply all and and and and and and and and and and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm socks mmm socks mmm socks mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm socks mmm socks mmm socks mmm socks mmm socks mmm socks mmm I'm going to um um um um um um um um um um um I mean okay so uh so I mean you know tell you a story that that that that that that that that that that I think you sort of remember but maybe um um okay okay um like like like like like like like like like like I mean well uh don't know the details of okay, so last spring I I I I I I I I I I went to a therapist okay well I mean like so uh um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I I I I I I I I I I was complaining uh you know well like um I mean uh okay well to this therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um okay well um you know um okay ya penitential good stuff Episode 22 of of of of of of of of of of Darren my fees and sometimes friends I mean um uh uh so so so so so so so so so so okay so okay I mean the podcast for a talk to people much more interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting than myself. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined today by uh you know you know know know know know know know know know know you know like you know so I mean okay a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's well you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know well um well I mean like got a mortgage. I'm on the first amount amount amount amount amount amount amount amount amount amount of often the focus. Thank like I mean I mean okay like you know know know know know know know know know know okay well I mean you very much for having me alone. We were were were were were were were were were were just discussing how this like uh like so like well uh okay well well well well well well well well well well is a test of your own medicine because you run around the world throwing my my my my my my my my my my um like well I mean so so okay I mean I mean Mike's in in in in in in in in in in front of people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, uh um um um um um um um um um um um you know well like uh okay well it's weird for me to be somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I mean you know like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like you know well I'll give it give it my best real real real real real real real real real real lovely. I also feel bad as you know so okay I mean you know uh so well well well well well well well well well well well well because obviously this morning you were on the road. It was on a a a a a a a a a a phone in um um well I mean I mean uh um okay so or do do do do do do do do do do you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in so so so so so so so so so so well well okay so I mean uh you know like from the house. So I was was was was was was was was was was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's so okay I mean um uh like I I I I I I I I I I mean uh okay Day events, and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm here here here here here here here here here here to well um I mean you know so you know so so you you you you you you you you you you know tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you like like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean you know well so uh well are listening to the guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform well uh like okay um um um um um um um um um um you know uh so um for anybody out there who is trying to get into the the the the the the the the the the Pod casting room get your you know uh you know uh I mean like like like like like like like like like like like uh you know voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's literally the like you know uh okay like you know I mean okay like easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation Creation tools that uh I mean like well uh you know uh I mean well allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor you know you know like um well like well so you know will will will will will will will will will will also distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify uh I mean I mean you know uh uh so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not even pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing you could okay I mean so I mean okay I mean so okay well really really really really really really really really really really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you need I I I I I I I I I I mean okay okay uh you know um like so okay to make a podcast literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally literally in one place. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time it's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from um um um um um um um um um um well uh I mean I mean uh you know like well today's guests are are are are are are are are are are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean like uh so I mean uh uh the gradient a creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies like um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean well well I mean and on the brand side at companies like like like like like like like like like like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's I mean so okay well you know uh um um um um um um um um um um so so Also working on a masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he he he he he he he he he he okay okay so um well I mean well you know I mean cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut cut his teeth as a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the the the the the the the the the the marketing uh I mean so so you know uh I mean uh um trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade World. They joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like you know like like so you know the gradient in the the the the the the the the the the coming weeks. Here are here are here are here are here are here are are are are are are are are are are here are here are here are here are a couple highlights from our conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation. Love told well so like uh okay like like um I mean us why she she she she she she she she she she wanted to start the gradient. And what we want to do is I mean like like like like like like like like like like well uh like I mean like uh um one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just hey just hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey just hey just jokes listeners like so uh so so okay like you know well before before before before before before before before before before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean okay uh you know uh so so our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a well well um you know know know know know know know know know know so um well okay well podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we we we we we we we we we we use well like um um so well like okay okay it. There's a creation tools that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right I mean okay so okay so so so so so so so so so so uh like I mean like from your phone and computer makes it very simple and and and and and and and and and and color distributes your pockets well you know um okay I mean uh well you know so so so so so so so so so so for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you you you you you you you you you you can make money from well you know like okay um well uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a you know know know know know know know know know know okay so well so so you know like you know podcast right in one place place place place place place place place place place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot you know um um um um um um um um um um well so so well like okay you know. F m-- to get started started started started started started started started started started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was that was that was that that that that that that that that that that was that was that was that was that was that was that was good okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know like like so like uh uh cool. I started I I I I I I I I I I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the fuck uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so okay I mean um like down get the water sit the fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have to admit that without the Clones it it it it it it it it it it would not have been a okay so um um uh so um like like like like like like like like like like okay victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the the the the the the the the the the dark side Has um like I mean um so okay I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions missions missions missions missions missions missions missions missions missions so uh well like um so um like so. This is a doing talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the uh okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so I mean um I mean well you know final season of Star Wars the Clone Clone Clone Clone Clone Clone Clone Clone Clone Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host so well well um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like I mean Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very you you you you you you you you you you know well so like I mean I mean I mean uh like very excited. It's 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the um okay well I mean like so so so so so so so so so so well well um finest ocean paddlers in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome today the reigning I mean um uh um like you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Molokai to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world world world world world world world world world world I mean like I mean I mean you know so so so okay. He He He He He He He He He He does a bit of everything. But the but the but the but the but but but but but but but but but but the but the but the but the but the but the reason we we we we we we we we we we wanted to chat I mean okay okay so so so well I mean like with him him him him him him him him him him today is not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's like um like like like like like like like like like like you know so okay so okay um done some amazing things off the water water water water water water water water water water over the past couple of years James um okay um uh okay so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for having me me me me me me me me me me. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm going to um um uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know well well get here. So you'd so you'd so you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd In In In In In In In In In In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready yeah ready for the bit okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um well okay well so like of wind coming on the weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It so you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like okay so you know was looking not so good about seven days days days days days days days days days days ago and the forecast is uh like well you know I mean uh well like like like like like like like like like like um swung around and they grinding going to be fun. I think I think I think think think think think think think think think think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I I I hope so like I mean okay so um okay well like uh. Well, the the the the the the the the the the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now right now right now right now right now right now right now now now now now now now now now now right now right now right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina lamina lamina lamina lamina lamina lamina lamina lamina lamina and podcast. My name is AC. All okay you know well well like um um um um um um um um um um well okay like right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have have have have have have have have have have Rebecca. We so I mean okay uh like uh like like so have AC AC AC AC AC AC AC AC AC AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an interesting podcast because like well well well well well well well well well well uh okay so you know I mean okay okay this is going to be be be be be be be be be be take two because we so I was sick two weeks I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well okay I mean so like ago. I was I was I was I was I I I I I I I I I I was I was I was I was I was I was sick two weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks ago. So it didn't do one then and last uh okay you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um you know week we did a podcast and you always have to to to to to to to to to to have that one um like I mean so like so so well okay podcast where where where where where where where where where where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean um uh um uh you know I mean in a a a a a a a a a a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of uh like so so so so so so so so so so so like so so like like Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired tired bodies along the uh well okay um you know okay okay okay um banks of of of of of of of of of of the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um um well uh you know like you know of traveling the the the the the the the the the the sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was well like like like like like like like like like like you know well well I mean okay okay um in their midst. Under the the the the the the the the the the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp um um okay uh like like like like like like like like like like well um well like lured by bison meat that had been hung up to to to to to to to to to to dry. If it decided it um I mean you know like okay well well well well well well well well well well uh uh you know wanted to snack on some humans. There would be no stopping stopping stopping stopping stopping stopping stopping stopping stopping stopping it unaware of the I mean well you know uh well well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one however, one however, one however, one one one one one one one one one one however, one however, one however, one however, one however, one however, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that well um um um um um um um um um um uh um well well I mean okay uh our podcast is supported by anchor. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's right. If you haven't heard um you know I mean like like uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain it's free you know uh I mean so uh uh uh okay okay. There's creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you know so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean like you know uh um well from your phone or computer. I'm doing I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing I'm doing I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak you know know know know know know know know know know I mean uh uh like um uh I mean okay. Anchor Wilkins will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard um like okay well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well um um on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast um well uh I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay like I mean with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to well um you know okay um well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor um well okay um so well you know um so dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so well um so well you know um episode number 95 coming at you. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our well I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like I mean um so okay you know boys the Hawks of this this this this this this this this this this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where well you know okay okay uh you know well okay well we talk to to to to to to to to to to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business in this like like like like like like like like like like um like okay so um uh um um week. We are going to be tackling tackling tackling tackling tackling tackling tackling tackling tackling tackling a marketing week. That means every day so um well um you know uh I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh this week. You are you are you are you are you you you you you you you you you you are you are you are you are you are you are likely going to to to to to to to to to to get an episode based on the topic of so uh well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean I mean you know um marketing. So we've got a lot of value value value value value value value value value value come and actually this week uh like uh I mean okay I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well um is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend like so okay so well so okay um you know of mine. He works for for for for for for for for for for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with uh so um you know I I I I I I I I I I mean well so I mean well us about acquiring the right type of of of of of of of of of of Clients for your business not just any you know uh like like like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um uh clients, but the best clients into your business. How How How How How How How How How How do I identify them and how um you know well um well um um like like like like like like like like like like um to get them into your business as leads and where to take it it it it it it it it it it from there? so uh uh I mean uh um you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without without without without without without without without without without so without so without so without so without so without so without so so so so so so so so so so without so without so without further so like um I mean uh like um like like like like like like like like like like I mean Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Morrison well um like I mean well so um okay uh. He is he he he he he he he he he he is he is he is he is he is he is he is he he he he he he he he he he is he is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider provider provider provider provider provider provider provider provider provider so so uh like okay I mean like so well for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make well well well well well well well well well well so you know okay um um you know um I mean a podcast. Let me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to um well well well well well well well well well well like I mean uh uh um like uh record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your like uh like you know I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so you know like podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other uh um like like so um well well well well well well well well well well well you know platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and and and and and and and and and and our listenership is I mean okay well so okay uh well I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download the the the the the the the the the the well well uh like I mean so I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to um um um um um um um um um um you know like um so so so okay well the node or a podcast is your your your your your your your your your your host young row row the mayor holler so well uh so you know you know know know know know know know know know know um um like at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is this what is this? okay you okay you okay you okay you you you you you you you you you you okay you okay you okay you okay you okay you okay you know know know know know know know know know know you know uh okay I mean uh you know uh I don't have really really really really really really really really really really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to to to to to to to to to to the um you know so I mean okay you know well uh I I I I I I I I I I mean podcast. So a big question that I get either via email or over over over over over over over over over over on like so well well so well okay I mean you know our YouTube channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well uh um um so okay and they want to know what what what what what what what what what what they actually have to get done prior to launch okay so like so so so so so so so so so so well well okay so I mean. So kind of the technicality is right and this this this this this this this this this this is outside of how to pick I mean so well well you know like uh so so so so so so so so so so okay a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that that that that that that that that that that stuff um I mean well okay you know okay um well so. You can learn more more more more more more more more more more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll well you know so so so so so so so so so so you know well well um um uh post a link to that in the the the the the the the the the the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but well so so um I mean uh uh you you you you you you you you you you know I mean once you know all that stuff and you kind of understand how to to to to to to to to to to build the well uh so well I mean like okay um uh business then then then then then then then then then then the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh okay um um you know um you know make that website website website website website website website website website website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so you know uh you know like get your first sale? So So So So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I so I so I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast go over you know uh uh uh you know I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh a couple different options you have and then let you know what I I I I I I I I I I okay so so you know I mean so um so you know do and and and and and and and and and and what I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're recording we're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a a a a a a a a a a bad okay uh like I mean like well you know you know you know human being being being being being being being being being being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two um um um um um um um um um um um so um I mean like you know so you know very much so good. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like uh well well okay everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott Scott Hello Johnny. Hi okay hi okay hi okay hi okay hi okay hi okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay hi okay hi okay hi okay hi okay okay so so well uh okay like like like like like like like like like like well guys. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay well uh okay like um a sizable break. Yep. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or so uh um like so you you you you you you you you you you know like um so because you had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh um like so uh you know our lesson on English to tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is okay you know well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh I mean um uh actually the tool. I am using to produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce this podcast for you. So if you so you know I mean um like so so so so so so so so so so uh I mean um are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now now now now now now now now now now. What okay uh well okay well like so like I mean is anchor anchor is a a a a a a a a a a free free podcast tool that you can use I mean like you know well well well well well well well well well well well I mean um like I mean to create and record and edit. Build Build Build Build Build Build Build Build Build Build your podcast right on your phone or um you know um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean you know uh your computer anchor distributes your podcast for you you you you you you you you you you. So I don't have to track down okay well okay so like well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean like apple and Spotify and Google anything it does that all all all all all all all all all all automatically for me. I just I mean so I mean you know okay um um um um um um um um um um um okay um kind of click the button and it goes all by itself. You You You You You You You You You You can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you you you you you you you you you you can you can make money okay I mean uh well I mean well well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right right right right right right right right right right now is an ad that I mean well like you know okay um so well I I I I I I I I I I mean I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay so like okay like well I mean money off of this podcast. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's why it's free, right? I can give you well so I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well like like uh okay these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the the the the the the the the the the 88th episode okay I mean um um uh like like like uh of the lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We are so uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay okay uh I mean going to talk about a boatload of of of of of of of of of of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova at you know okay I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um I mean you know Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Dame Duke at so I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well you know uh uh Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at at at at at at at at at at Maryland. Yell at Michigan Penn State at I mean um well well you know know know know know know know know know know so I mean like well Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into into into into into into into into into into this show here before I so so um well like like okay okay okay get get get get get get get get get get into it as always be sure to like subscribe hit the notification Bell so well well well well well well well well well well uh you know um uh um I mean okay and then go to lacks factorcom factorcom factorcom factorcom factorcom factorcom factorcom factorcom factorcom factorcom. You can get yourself some swag t-shirts. We I mean well you know um um um um um um um um um um um well uh like like have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that that that that that that that that that that every single day and then like uh um you know like well so I I I I I I I I I I mean you know a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place by far to to to to to to to to to to buy so like uh um like so well you know so and sell La La La La La La La La La La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know you know well okay um so you know know know know know know know know know know literally named it. The deus the deus the deus the deus the deus the deus deus deus deus deus deus deus deus deus deus the deus the deus the deus the deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome so so I mean you know like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know well back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better better better better better better better better better better spaced apart my words okay so okay well okay uh well you know you know because because because because because because because because because because Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the the the the the the the the the the enemies seven um you know like so uh okay okay well you know podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a a a a a a a a a a uh okay okay well okay you know well okay well this is my little little little little little little little little little little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well okay well well I mean okay I would say if there is anyone listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening listening thank you for tuning in. We just you know well well well you know know know know know know know know know know uh okay you know you know need tuning in if it's a web recording, recording, recording, recording, recording, recording, recording, recording, recording, recording, who knows so What so um so like you know well so uh well is is is is is is is is is is this podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the so so so so so so so so so so well um you know you know okay uh so you know name is conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and and and and and and and and and and I'm going to so I mean um I mean well I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know so talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from from from from from from from from from from Brandi Love I mean like you know you know I mean uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship so like so um um well so so um with that. I don't I don't I I I I I I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome you know so you you you you you you you you you you know so like well okay well okay to the quickie and first before we we we we we we we we we we get into the show, if I mean okay you know um um okay like I I I I I I I I I I mean uh you haven't heard about anchor before downloading it this time, it is is is is is is is is is is the easiest way so so like I mean like uh so well okay to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun it's fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's fun and okay well I mean like uh well like like you know it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, you so okay um I mean so like so like uh have conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations conversations. Anyway, why anyway, why anyway, why anyway, why anyway, why anyway, why anyway, why anyway, why why why why why why why why why why anyway, why anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing it you you you you you you you you you you know um okay well you know like so like um. There are creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh like like like like like like like like like like uh uh like okay okay um you know phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay Shay. I you know uh uh okay you know like like I mean uh have just some some some some some some some some some some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we talk about you know know know know know know know know know know uh okay you know you know like like okay well like life. So last episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode we both talked about how we were reading the Jessica okay okay so you you you you you you you you you you know um okay okay um okay Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers. We don't have to say anything you know you know uh you know well um um um um um um um um um um uh uh okay in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell me if you I mean okay you know you know like you know uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back home - well well well well well well well well well well okay okay um well well well so uh if I were John Mayer, I I I I I I I I I I would be under a rock right now well um uh you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like uh. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him him him him him him him him him him just to so uh okay so so so um well okay see if people were were were were were were were were were were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when um you know um um um um um um um um um um um so okay you know I mean I mean I read this but that bad it's not not not not not not not not not not that bad. I went to his Instagram uh you know I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh like so because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back we're back we're back we're back we're back we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're back we're back we're back we're back we're back with the pop out was was was was was was was was was was podcast. I'm here um okay uh well okay okay I mean um um with Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I um like like like like like like like like like like well well so okay uh I mean well think you guys will think think think think think think think think think think so, too. We're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording here from the Beverly Center you know know know know know know know know know know so you know um uh um well like like and I can't wait for you you you you you you you you you you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay you know know know know know know know know know know like uh well okay like so well here with Hannah from Summer House House House House House House House House House House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so you know you know like well well so so so so so so so so so so um like I mean much for having me feels like comfortable in somebody calls me me me me me me me me me me. Mr. Epstein so well so you know like so like okay like. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last like like like like like like like like like like you know you know okay um I mean like uh I mean name. Thank you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you you you you you you you you you you thank you thank you so much for coming. I like being here for many reasons, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay like like uh well okay but first of all all all all all all all all all all because I feel like you're what I would be if so like like uh well I I I I I I I I I I mean like okay uh I moved to LA like you're an east coast and I'm seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing my possible future if uh like um I mean well um you know um like like like like like like like like like like I stop being such a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode uh I mean um okay okay like um okay you know This is actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um you know well you know I mean I mean okay a week with Heroes for sale sale sale sale sale sale sale sale sale sale on Instagram. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so so so so so so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm just about to so like I I I I I I I I I I mean like well um okay so uh go live with him right now. And this this this this this this this this this this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this this this this this this this this this this and this is what you're going well okay so you know like okay um um um um um um um um um um well I mean to be hearing. So if you missed the live, this is is is is is is is is is is your opportunity to listen back I mean well um you know okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like okay on it. So here we go. There he is now in so we're going to to to to to to to to to to be able okay I mean uh uh so so okay uh uh to get started started started started started started started started started started in just a few seconds invited them to I not connecting and like um um um um um um um um um um uh so um okay um so I mean there is what's up. Back again again again again again again again again again again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was it was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was it it it it it it it it it it was it was perfect timing. I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH pH pH pH pH pH pH pH pH pH here and okay uh so well well like okay like um welcomes up an an an an an an an an an an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so well so uh uh month. So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly uh um well you know like like well well well well well well well well well well so uh. Anyway Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think I I I I I I I I I I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I I I I I I I I I I think I think the discussion at well so okay you know well you know know know know know know know know know know well so uh all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long long long long long long long long long long premium Leisure I mean I mean you know uh uh so well so so so so so so so so so so well corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um uh well like okay you know I mean. Here's where here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where here's where where where where where where where where where where here's where here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in well well well well well well well well well well you know um um well uh um okay okay the United States the death toll toll toll toll toll toll toll toll toll toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We I mean okay uh well uh you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh uh know that those cases are based in Washington state at a nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing nursing home in I mean you know you know so you know uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like Seattle. Most have occurred. The number of infections in the United States overall overall overall overall overall overall overall overall overall overall have climbed okay uh okay um I mean well I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know past a hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like um um like you know uh okay. As I mentioned that states getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting hit very hard, but it's not the um I mean um so so so so so so so so so so okay uh uh so uh only one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated seated seated seated seated seated seated seated seated seated the first case in North Carolina and you know well okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know you know uh okay so Wake County resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home home home home home home home home home home tested positive but like I mean okay I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um you know is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah uh yeah uh yeah uh yeah uh yeah uh yeah uh yeah uh yeah uh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah uh yeah uh uh um um I mean like okay you know um. Yeah the the the the the the the the the the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no rush um um um um um um um um um um so so uh okay you know I mean you know um. Here we go. Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today um like uh like I I I I I I I I I I mean like so so um we go get into it. And basically we go go go go go go go go go go talk about the system the system I mean you know okay well well um you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why you you you you you you you you you you have a Mac bitter um I mean so I mean um okay so um so so so so so so so so so so truth to break it down and I'm going to get into it because a I mean like like like like like like like like like like uh well I mean uh okay um like lot of people said, oh my my my my my my my my my my God, you break down this boy. You don't break okay so you know well like um um um um um um um um um um well um okay. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but I get into into into into into into into into into into like I mean okay well okay um like so like what I know about about about about about about about about about about. You know what I mean? We gonna we gonna we gonna we gonna we gonna we gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna we gonna we gonna we gonna we gonna talk about that you know okay you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know I mean um so you know. Also, it's stuff that that that that that that that that that that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club club club club club club club club club club with uh well well I mean um uh I mean well I mean Hunter Hunter Hunter Hunter Hunter Hunter Hunter Hunter Hunter Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk about about about about about about about about about about but well I mean so so so so well you know so let's just say say say say say say say say say say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, oh, yes, oh, yes, oh, yes, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yes, oh, yes, oh, yes, oh, yes, oh, yes, oh, yes, he came up up up up up up up up up up with you know um I mean um so um um I mean um that that that that that that that that that that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very so very very very very very very very very very very so very so very so very so very so very so very so very very very very very very very very very very so very proud like so you know um so you know uh I mean you you you you you you you you you you know of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Akay, I'm Akay, I'm Akay, I'm Akay, I'm Akay, I'm Akay, I'm Akay, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Akay, I'm Akay, okay okay you know like well okay uh well like Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying studying like okay okay um I mean you know okay I mean uh Information Systems, which is is is is is is is is is is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from like okay uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well so um Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I I I I I I I I I I served I served I served I served I served I served I served I served I I I I I I I I I I served I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport like I I I I I I I I I I mean so um so I mean like well well with an air of confidence. He He He He He He He He He He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as you know you know um like you you you you you you you you you you know uh I mean so you know he passed and strolled through security with a brief brief brief brief brief brief brief brief brief brief flash of his security badge okay you know uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um well like. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by by by by by by by by by by all the flight well like um you know so like uh uh uh Personnel Personnel Personnel Personnel Personnel Personnel Personnel Personnel Personnel Personnel. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like so uh like uh you know I mean to Miami. This This This This This This This This This This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to okay like so like like like like like like like like like like so well okay so okay offer free tickets to all Pilots regardless of what what what what what what what what what what company they worked for so well so I mean uh like well you know you you you you you you you you you you know after a quick look at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well I mean okay okay I mean like. He was he was he he he he he he he he he he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he he he he he he he he he he was quickly assured aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well I mean like so um you know well like next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and ladies and ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen and uh I mean like I mean uh like so well I mean welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka well well well well well well well well well well well okay uh I mean uh like okay you know Rises to the top in Doha Doha Doha Doha Doha Doha Doha Doha Doha Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on so um you know like um um um um um um um um um um I mean well you know I mean her career. Everyone and welcome to the passing passing passing passing passing passing passing passing passing passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans um you know you know so so so so so so so so so so so well you know well okay for fans with your host Jolan Kim today on the show show show show show show show show show show. As always. We're like you know so um like so okay you know like like like like like like like like like like going to be digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours tours tours tours tours tours tours tours tours tours you know I mean like like well um okay uh like and having a a a a a a a a a a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt belt belt belt belt belt belt belt belt belt under Professor Aldo Calvino I mean so well well um uh I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in Round Round Round Round Round Round Round Round Round Round Rock my so um you know you know um so you know well like Jujitsu lineage starts starts starts starts starts starts starts starts starts starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and eventually down to so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so like I mean okay you know so like me in the deep is is is is is is is is is is my weekly podcast that I named to pay homage to the so like like like like like like like like like like uh okay uh well like uh okay my God. Choice, but also to cover some some some some some some some some some some topics rarely taught by professors professors only show technique like okay well you know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean um well okay in the academy. They're great techniques, but rarely do do do do do do do do do do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette okay uh you know you know okay I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like uh rules tradition and respect just to name a few join me me me me me me me me me me each week as well well you know okay um you know you know like like like like like like like like like like like I dive into these topics and much more now stay tuned for the next you you you you you you you you you you know I mean so um um well so uh like episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're business needs Beauty okay you know okay like so well like uh like. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not it's not not not not not not not not not not it's not it's not just lipstick its business. We will we will we will will will will will will will will will will we will we will we will we will we will we will we will will will will will will will will will will share a thought provoking conversations with well you know uh you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um well business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate motivate motivate motivate motivate motivate motivate motivate motivate motivate and inspire you to I mean okay um like I mean like so so so so so so so so so so you know you know take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I am like you know well like uh uh um I mean well super super super super super super super super super super excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so um uh so okay uh Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she you know so I mean um like like like like like like like like like like you know so uh okay works on a variety of clients and projects and and and and and and and and and and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She um well um okay well well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of of of of of of of of of of those things. She's a full-time um I mean I mean I mean so um um um um um um um um um um like um you know makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with with with with with with with with with with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope well um well uh well like okay well like you guys are all all all all all all all all all all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode so um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know okay I mean okay I mean starts. I just want want want want want want want want want want to give a quick announcement. So the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the the so the so the so the so the so the title of this well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean okay you know um um okay um podcast is called catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch open me at the time that I started this podcast okay well well okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean well. I thought you know, what like catching up with friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends. Just talking about random stuff, um uh okay okay um okay okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But well well well well well well well well well well but well but well but well but well but well but well but well but but but but but but but but but but well but well well so you know okay um well okay um then as I recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know um okay um you know I mean what the theme of of of of of of of of of of this podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay so you know like so okay the things that we covered from the the the the the the the the the the past few episode is about mental health growing um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um uh um uh um up and things we deal with as a a a a a a a a a a teenager or as a young adult. So like I mean so okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know like you know uh with that said the new title of the podcast will will will will will will will will will will be basically growing up. I I mean um well well um I mean um you you you you you you you you you you know so finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically growing up is uh well you know you know you know so um okay so so so so so so so so so so going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what what what what what what what what what what they like I mean I mean so okay um okay I mean like think think think think think think think think think think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of of of of of of of of of of the so well so uh you know um so um well upper decker podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your your your your your your your your your your you know so I mean so I mean um well like okay boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So uh you know know know know know know know know know know well I mean like okay you know well like we've got a little bit of news news news news news news news news news news nothing crazy. And then and then and then and then and then and then and and and and and and and and and and then and then and then and then we're going to get um uh like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay well you know into our AL East and at least predictions and and and and and and and and and and stats and all that uh you know um like you know um I I I I I I I I I I mean like like stuff. So the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel Daniel. Let me I mean so so so you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there he's there he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's there he's there he's there he's there he's there he's there he's there he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's there on the floor and he's giggling well so I mean okay um you know know know know know know know know know know like uh um every once in a while and hopefully going to let me do do do do do do do do do do this because he uh like so I mean okay okay I mean okay I mean doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going to talk about like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like you know you know well so I mean I mean why we decided to buy an an an an an an an an an an old house some of the questions that I okay I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay um uh so get about buying an old house and some of of of of of of of of of of the safety concerns and so I mean you know well uh okay you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house house house house house house house house house house and then make like so um okay you know you know I mean well so so so so so so so so so so sure to stay all the way to the end because I just started a a a a a a a a a a uh like well okay so so so um well new segment. This is the the the the the the the the the the first episode that I'm doing it where I answer a random um well well well well well well well well well well you know like like um you know well uh question from Instagram. My name name name name name name name name name name is Lisa mom of six and creator of okay I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know like uh you know uh the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join join join join join join join join join join me as I share with you I mean like I mean um okay well um um um um um um um um um um okay like my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic okay I mean okay I mean well like well I mean you know of of of of of of of of of of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This okay well well well well well well well well well well uh okay I mean you know you know like like is something that I think think think think think think think think think think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is like uh okay so well well well well well well well well well well so like okay okay you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not not not not not not not not not not always going to okay okay um like okay okay um you know well well well well well well well well well well feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're not you're not you're not you're not you're not you're not you're not you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're not you're not okay you know uh like you know um like so like always always always always always always always always always always going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to to to to to to to to to to um uh okay I mean okay okay I mean well okay be really great and you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're going to be full of passion and feel I mean well so I mean well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know I mean okay inspired. And other days it's going to to to to to to to to to to feel hopeless and like things aren't working okay so I mean so okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know well uh out and you're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people people people people people people people people people people chirping well I mean um I mean so okay so like like in your your your your your your your your your your ear and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked so so so so so so so so so so uh like okay um um uh uh uh on or that business you want want want want want want want want want want to build or that career you want to you know uh like well so well I I I I I I I I I I mean um like have is just unrealistic for you. So I've so I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've so I've so I've so I've so I've so I've so I've so I've so so so so so so so so so so I've got an email here from a guy you know uh okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean uh like who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985 um I I I I I I I I I I mean uh like so um I mean okay well. This is just March March March March March March March March March March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean like well well uh you know I mean we have described in in in in in in in in in in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so you know so you know well okay well on the show. And this this this this this this this this this this is the first show that we are doing um so like well so uh so so so so so so so so so so so so in the greatest month that we have on the calendar and as I've uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean like well well okay so um always stated it is the goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal goal of this show to give the college basketball fan uh okay uh um you you you you you you you you you you know okay like I mean you know the best coverage that he or she can get on on on on on on on on on on a regular basis and you think about um like um you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um well okay okay the idea of transcending a space and you think think think think think think think think think think about the great speeches that okay uh well I mean I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know okay like we have had in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into into into into into into into into into into office um um uh so uh you know well you know so some of the the the the the the the the the the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and well so you you you you you you you you you you know well you know um well you know um that brought me on the the the the the the the the the the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of so like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh like uh so one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to to to to to to to to to to a motto and uh okay you know like well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also also also also also also also also also also known as her so like like so well I mean uh uh um a team and and and and and and and and and and I wonder with all those a names do you get you know so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean okay like so them all mixed up? She has has has has has has has has has has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice. She is uh you know uh like so so so so so so so so so so okay you know you know um a certified paralegal she enjoys reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading reading walking on the beach coffee with Friends shopping making you know like you know know know know know know know know know know you know you know I mean okay uh um fun memories with her family family family family family family family family family family currently, she and her husband served as executive pastors like I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I mean you know uh well well well for South Bay Pentecostal Church in in in in in in in in in in San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is like okay I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well okay you know so uh being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here okay like okay okay um so uh like you know with Alonzo my my my my my my my my my my first love. How are how are how are how are how are how are how how how how how how how how how how are how are how are how are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are how how how how how how how how how how are how are how are how are how are how are how are are are are are are are are are are how are how are you you know okay okay okay like like so well I I I I I I I I I I mean dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your your your your your your your your your your room like I mean like okay well so um I mean I mean or you you you you you you you you you you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first love I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so okay so uh you know um I mean is always like you never forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is a mistake Dylan the which which which which which which which which which which this is a day Olivine the medium well I mean like well well you you you you you you you you you you know well um well and together. We are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are the witch and and and and and and and and and and the medium. Life's full life's full life's full life's full life's full life's full full full full full full full full full full life's full life's full life's full life's full of tough choices in it. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh and oh and oh and um um like um like so well um so there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, but I um um um um um um um um um um uh well you know um um um like I mean don't have I'm not asking much much much much much much much much much much just a token really a trifle what I want uh so uh okay I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um like okay from you is your voice. So without my voice, voice, voice, voice, voice, voice, voice, voice, voice, voice, how can I have your looks okay I mean well uh so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there there there there there there there there there there ah, there ah, there ah, there ah, there ah, there ah, there ah, there ah, there ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are are are are are are are are are are friends you know well okay like um I mean well like um from way way way way way way way way way way back speaking Our Truth. We are we are we are we are we are are are are are are are are are are we are we are we are we are we are so glad you are here here here here here here here here here here with us today, I mean I mean okay so I mean like um I I I I I I I I I I mean like and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome and we're coming well I mean uh you know okay like uh okay you you you you you you you you you you know from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so so so so so so so so so so uh you know okay um uh okay so I mean um excited to share with with with with with with with with with with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well well I mean I mean well true. So to so to so to to to to to to to to to to so to so to so to so to so to so to so to to to to to to to to to to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True uh true uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh true uh true uh true uh true uh true uh true uh true uh true true true true true true true true true true uh I mean well you know uh well I mean I mean you know. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, so, yeah, so, yeah, so, yeah, so, yeah, so, yeah, so, yeah, so, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so, yeah, so, yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our our our our our our our our our our story for you know well okay you know you know um so you you you you you you you you you you know okay a minute. Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so we were thinking I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't care. How do we express this? How so uh well I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so uh do we what do we think of what we title this? And so so so so so so so so so so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to to to to to to to to to to um okay uh like okay well well well okay encourage all of you to download download download download download download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to I mean well well well well well well well well well well you know you know okay you know I mean so like get started on this. It It It It It It It It It It has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, uh well like you you you you you you you you you you know well uh so um uh you know publishing podcast was so easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy. If I had only known it like five so okay I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well okay okay ten years before early because all I need need need need need need need need need need to do is download the anchor um you know well you know uh like like like like like like like like like like like um I mean. I have record my voice in it and just click post post post post post post post post post post and anchor like uh uh so so so like you know you know will will will will will will will will will will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the uh I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean uh okay well you know uh major podcast sides. You know know know know know know know know know know apps that are available and I do not need to I mean well okay I I I I I I I I I I mean well I mean so I mean uh do anything else. So this is is is is is is is is is is just too awesome guys. You also need to make well I mean like well well well well well well well well well well okay well I mean like okay use of it. If you have a message message message message message message message message message message if you have some come okay you know like I mean um okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so well content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or or or or or or or or or or uh so like like you know um so you know like simply want to to to to to to to to to to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone uh you know uh um um um um um um um um um um uh uh like I mean so. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily daily log. I have restarted my uncle so you know you know uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean okay more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you you you you you you you you you you enjoy this uh I mean so you know well uh uh uh okay one one one one one one one one one one. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if if if if if if if if if if you if you if you do make sure to screenshot it and share it it it it it it it it it it on social uh so I mean so you know well so I mean so so so so so so so so so so media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Olivia so okay uh so you know like well uh well Towers dressage. Also if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love okay like okay uh so uh um um um um um um um um um um um like you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you you you you you you you you you you think of okay well okay okay okay so like well I mean it it it it it it it it it it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with the the the the the the the the the the well I mean so like uh I mean okay okay okay lovely Danny Morgan. I know know know know know know know know know know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect those um I mean uh so like so well um so of the company and and and and and and and and and and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests well like I I I I I I I I I I mean um well so you know I mean so and the colors do not reflect those of of of of of of of of of of the DJ's the regular program the management well um well okay like you you you you you you you you you you know well uh well and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline landline landline landline landline landline landline landline landline landline and strict on like um like okay uh okay you know so I I I I I I I I I I mean but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so so uh I mean like okay and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners like I mean well um uh uh um like uh running long strong and motivated motivated motivated motivated motivated motivated motivated motivated motivated motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for a um uh I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay uh I mean I mean like few years now and have have have have have have have have have have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my so um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh you know travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those those those those those those those those those those amazing uh you know uh so I mean okay so okay um conversations. Welcome back back back back back back back back back back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks like you know so um um um um um um um um um um you know so um um um so much for joining today. It's a pleasure to to to to to to to to to to talk with you Jonathan well like well um um I mean well so well likewise. So So So So So So So So So So let's start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an um so so so so so so so so so so well you know like so I mean I mean uh athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What What What What What What What What What What you um uh um so like you know uh so I mean know, you can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire life. That okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um you know you know I mean like like uh there's something wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we so like like like like like like like like like like um like okay uh like uh well have our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, you know um you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know you know you know my best friend good friends of ours and and and and and and and and and and both of them - yeah, so so I mean um you know uh uh well well well well well well well well well well um um we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to to to to to to to to to to this major you know so I mean you know okay I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like like event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 26th 26th 26th 26th 26th 26th 26th 26th 26th 2020 um well you know uh uh uh so okay well the bear Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a so well like like like like like like like like like like like well you know um I mean uh whole weekend. Yeah. It's important important important important important important important important important important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in so in so so so so so so so so so so in so in so in so in so in so in so in so in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe Deluxe Deluxe Deluxe Deluxe Deluxe Deluxe Deluxe Deluxe Deluxe 20 along I mean so so like like okay you know okay so with D4 D4 D4 D4 D4 D4 D4 D4 D4 D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way back well okay uh so so so so so so so so so so well well um well okay in the day. So stay tuned with us and and and and and and and and and and find out who it I mean well um um uh like well so well well well well well well well well well well is. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So so I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know like um okay uh uh what's up Miss heart attack? How How How How How How How How How How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, afraid yeah, afraid yeah, afraid yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, afraid yeah, afraid yeah, afraid yeah, afraid yeah, afraid yeah, afraid yeah, okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean I mean okay well like you know well long time time time time time time time time time time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been you know like like like like like like like like like like I mean um uh I mean okay like uh a hot minute like nine years. I I I I I I I I I I know it's crazy. Like I like I like I like I like I like I like like like like like like like like like like I like I like I like I get to check I mean uh like well well well well well well well well well well um um well well uh up on you every once in a while go go go go go go go go go go into stream. Yeah, we talked so uh uh I mean well like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay randomly and stuff like that. So not so not so not so not not not not not not not not not not so not so not so not so not so not so not as much much much much much much much much much much I guess for you and uh like like okay uh okay uh um uh I I I I I I I I I I but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been been been been been been been been been been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been been been been been been been been been been it's been it's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always uh well well well well well well well well well well like I mean so well um um okay amazed with much League hosting skills, skills, skills, skills, skills, skills, skills, skills, skills, skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I okay so well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean um uh um mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning you out. I've already okay uh you know you know well well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have we have a lot of so I mean like um so um you know you know know know know know know know know know know uh stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch watch the same teams well I mean so well uh okay like okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know um like okay um you know okay both of you on on on on on on on on on on the ends. The fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck do I was listening back to to to to to to to to to to okay uh um well uh um so you know okay the companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know so you know well um like on this pan. So now now now now now now now now now now so now so now so now so now so now so now so now so now now now now now now now now now now so now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh um you know okay well I mean so so so so so so so so so so you live say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm like like like like like like like like like like like well uh like I mean uh you know uh trying to dig into your your your your your your your your your your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so happy about about about about about about about about about about it okay like I mean uh well so uh like okay. Yeah hiring happy with my selections selections selections selections selections selections selections selections selections selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of okay well like um um um um um um um um um um okay well uh I mean okay to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together together together together together together together together together together you know like I mean uh so you know I mean um um on this leading-edge leading-edge leading-edge leading-edge leading-edge leading-edge leading-edge leading-edge leading-edge leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of your so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um so I mean I mean um own reality and it would be be be be be be be be be be fair to say to you blessed beans that okay um like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um like like like you are you are in the process of creating most most most most most most most most most most of you two realities contrast like uh okay uh you know well I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well okay okay uh well Source. In other words. You are creating the reality of who who who who who who who who who who you are as um like uh um well I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the the the the the the the the the the process um I mean okay I mean um um you know uh so of creating the the the the the the the the the the reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute and um so um um um um um um um um um um I mean so so well you know I mean we want those realities to to to to to to to to to to merge and the only way that those realities can merge is uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so so okay well I mean for you to come with us in other other other other other other other other other other words because we're not going with um you know well um okay um well well well well well well well well well well like you know you. We are not going to complain with you about the injustices injustices injustices injustices injustices injustices injustices injustices injustices injustices of your world okay like um like so you know so well so because we we we we we we we we we we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to due to due to due to due to due to due to due due due due due due due due due due to due to due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is is is is is is is is is is advised this episode includes um okay I mean I mean I mean so uh I I I I I I I I I I mean um discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We We We We We We We We We We okay so like well uh so like so um advise Extreme Caution for children under under under under under under under under under under the age of 13 17 year old Alia so okay like well uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to to to to to to to to to to a you know okay okay so well so you know so uh graduation party party party party party party party party party party when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was um you know know know know know know know know know know uh um well so I mean okay like From an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what what what what what what what what what what she was up to Ellie didn't know the well so I mean you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean you know you know you know other girl very well. They They They They They They They They They They had just started volunteering together at a children summer okay well you know um um um um um um um um um um well um uh so um camp a few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but but but but but but but but but but Ali didn't want to be you know like so you know so so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so rude. So she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about to to to to to to to to to to head out you know I mean well I mean you know well you know I mean so so so so so so so so so so to a party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the Love I mean well okay like you know okay uh uh um um um um um um um um um um is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting reuniting reuniting reuniting reuniting reuniting reuniting reuniting reuniting reuniting here um so so uh you know um okay uh like. Here. We are with our blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind blind naidu's family. Oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's been forever. It has. Hi I mean so so so so so so so so so so like I mean okay uh well uh you know guys. So good to see you you you you you you you you you you guys. Again Nate again Nate again Nate again Nate again Nate again Nate again again again again again again again again again again Nate again Nate again Nate again Nate would and Candice Helm with um well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so uh okay you know okay blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show show show show show show show show show show recapping the reunions. Ya betta is um I mean uh so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know like okay so that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to to to to to to to to to to have the family uh well like okay well uh so like um all back back back back back back back back back back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually talk like like like like like like like like like like like uh uh okay you know I mean okay um with the contestants and be be be be be be be be be be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past um well well well well well well well well well well so um so like um so uh and is intended to communicate such events to the the the the the the the the the the public in a dramatic manner okay uh I mean okay okay you know you you you you you you you you you you know um so any reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion religion religion religion religion religion religion religion religion religion is well okay so um like um so okay you know factual in nature and and and and and and and and and and is not intended to offend or defame as such all I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean um well okay I mean like so okay reporting is based on on on on on on on on on on the sequence of events reported to the public and I mean uh um okay um um um um um um um um um um so I mean well so does not constitute an opinion statement or recommendation by Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify artist producer or any of their okay I mean I mean I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like well employees. Ploys newscaster bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is is is is is is is is is is advised. Hi, well hi, well hi, well hi, well hi, well hi, well hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, well hi, well hi, well hi, well I mean uh so well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know okay my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, hey there, hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing show. Its heroines you know uh okay well I mean like um I I I I I I I I I I mean okay week and every day we're telling you the story of a a a a a a a a a a heroine start brushing on like well like so I mean like like you know so so so so so so so so so so the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the the the the the the the the the the chewing side I mean um you know so well well I mean I mean so so so so so so so so so so each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh you know you know so uh so you know tonight's heroin is is is is is is is is is is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save America. We you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so uh you know okay I mean um don't know exactly what happened. But this this this this this this this this this this is the story that people have told you know you know okay okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like okay you know you know about what happened many years ago. In the the the the the the the the the the 1700s before America was called the so um um you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you know like well well United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with with with with with with with with with uh um so um you know uh uh uh so Ford copilot 360 a suite suite suite suite suite suite suite suite suite suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well um well okay like outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on on on on on on on on on on the road. They're smart and so so so I mean I mean um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like uh you know um uh you know you know the Streets Streets Streets Streets Streets Streets Streets Streets Streets Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered like uh you you you you you you you you you you know well um um uh like I mean in the shingles rattled outside. It It It It It It It It It It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside I mean well so okay like like like like like like like like like like okay you know okay um a small dingy house on the outskirts of the the the the the the the the the the city 52 year-old you know like you know so okay well okay okay I mean. Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna South Kant was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself herself uh I mean uh so I mean well okay okay um as she felt an an an an an an an an an an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of of of of of of of of of of life um okay so I mean um well so well um through the lens of of of of of of of of of of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host okay well um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um so well I mean okay Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these these these these these these these these these these conversations with people of diverse and Divergent backgrounds I mean okay um like so so so so so so so so so so you know well uh um and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through through through through through through through through through through each other's unique perspectives. And I mean I mean uh so you know okay well well well well well well well well well well so you know there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they they they they they they they they they they did to um um like so okay well so so like do to live live live live live live live live live live and to act but certainty the things most of us believe so um well well well well well well well well well well uh um so so you know uh 40 years ago. However certain we were were were were were were were were were were about them. We don't we're not certain about you know so okay so you know know know know know know know know know know okay okay well like exactly the same things today. The world the world the world the the the the the the the the the the world the world the world the world the world the world the world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to to to to to to to to to to you from well uh I mean um uh I mean okay uh um the Arizona cactus cactus cactus cactus cactus cactus cactus cactus cactus cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? Oh watching some TV well well well well well well well well well well well okay like you know okay well I mean well. What about you? Nothing? Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know I cannot like so like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh so you know like I mean believe you people picked this podcast podcast to to to to to to to to to to listen to two girls and one phone. What like what like what like what like like like like like like like like like like what like what like what like what like what like what like you know uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean uh well you know the hell are you guys thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking for just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our like you know so like well well so so so so so so so so so so okay you know but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why or why why why why why why why why why why or why or why or why or why or why or why or why or or or or or or or or or or why or how was your so I mean well I mean well so okay okay so so so so so so so so so so day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality has been um um well I mean okay uh okay you know you you you you you you you you you you know divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about about about about about about about about about about Tim you know so you know okay like okay you know okay uh Cohen's book book book book book book book book book book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only I mean um um um um um um um um um um um okay okay okay you know like so claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He He He He He He He He He He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions. So, you know like well um uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like okay please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may may may may may may may may may may be long and the so um so well okay like okay okay like dark maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's the normal okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um okay well so well you know like like the abnormal or the the the the the the the the the the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality Our so uh like you you you you you you you you you you know well uh uh uh you know Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including including including including including including including including including including the Antichrist in a cup of uh so I mean so um okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean tea. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going going going going going going we're going we're going we're going we're going to be talking about that next next next next next next next next next next. But before we do just you know like uh I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know like well I mean a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube channel yet and um well um um so well you know so uh subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button button button button button button button button button button well um you know I mean well okay uh you know you know. There's no no no no no no no no no no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your you you you you you you you you you you know okay um um I mean you know like uh so day. This This This This This This This This This This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me me me me me me me me me me okay well okay like well um I mean okay okay on the call call call call call call call call call call. Whenever you whenever you whenever you whenever you whenever you whenever you whenever you you you you you you you you you you whenever you whenever you whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this this this this this this this this this this like I mean okay I mean like okay you know um I mean one on on on on on on on on on on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just like like like like like like like like like like like well well well I mean like well so going to pray for you you you you you you you you you you on this morning and leave my South out of um you know um um um um um um um um um um um like like you know you know okay it I'm staying at home today, which is is is is is is is is is is unusual for me. Normally. I like um uh uh um well well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean don't stay home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% but like you know um um you know okay okay you know um I I I I I I I I I I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before I um I I I I I I I I I I mean like well you know um like uh um went back to bed. So today today today today today today today today today today so today so today so today so today so today so today so so so so so so so so so so today so today so today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate fate well um um like so so you know uh like of Malaysia Flight 370 still still still still still still still still still still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature well you know okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know I mean well films Millions have tried to stitch together together together together together together together together together together the pieces of this horrific story. If you know so uh well um you know know know know know know know know know know I mean you know okay you enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, MH370, check out our conspiracy theories uh I mean so um like you know like like like like like like like like like like so okay podcast every Wednesday. We tell we tell we tell we tell we tell we we we we we we we we we we tell we tell we tell we tell we tell the complicated stories behind the the the the the the the the the the world's most controversial events and well um like so uh you know so you know know know know know know know know know know I mean possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen like like like like like like like like like like okay okay um so I mean um like so to podcasts. Midnight clouds midnight midnight midnight midnight midnight midnight midnight midnight midnight midnight clouds midnight clouds midnight clouds midnight clouds midnight clouds midnight clouds midnight clouds midnight midnight midnight midnight midnight midnight midnight midnight midnight midnight clouds midnight clouds flash past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola uh you know okay so I mean so well so so with with with with with with with with with with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear gear gear gear gear gear gear gear gear gear you know well you know so well I mean uh well uh separately could've and they they they they they they they they they they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my I mean okay uh uh so so so so so so so so so so I mean like okay you know hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu mu mu mu mu mu mu mu mu mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat um like like well I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well well uh Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So So So So So So So So So So skilled kid I mean okay so um um you know well well uh joab joab joab joab joab joab joab joab joab joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality reality. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so it's so it's so it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are are are are are are are are are are uh okay you know uh well uh uh you know well there to be be be be be be be be be be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're um like okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean okay so in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We We We We We We We We We We got a great show tonight. I'm so you know okay so I mean well well well well well well well well well well so I mean like really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's returning guest also a renowned psychic I mean um like you know like like like like like like like like like like well so you know well. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level level level level level level level level level level of awareness if they're willing to like okay um so so okay uh well well well well well well well well well well um unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go go go go go go go go go go of whatever stands well you know okay um I mean uh well uh so so so so so so so so so so in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great okay well well well well well well well well well well okay okay so you know um uh okay to have you here tonight. Thank you for for for for for for for for for for having me back hug daughter of mine well like so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well um I mean. You sound like you might be getting over something something something something something something something something something something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I I mean I mean uh you know so so like like like like like like like like like like um I mean live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know you know well uh so I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh well okay I mean I mean so you know reported that Madison Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know uh um um I mean Link in the description and I along along along along along along along along along along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that you know okay uh like so you you you you you you you you you you know okay um you know Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory is officially dead because you know I mean okay I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know uh Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So So So So So So So So So So let me okay I mean so like okay I mean um um so get get get get get get get get get get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette well well well well well well well well well well so okay so you know okay okay okay well so she has to be be be be be be be be be be the winner of this season, right? Is there any I mean okay um well so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um like I mean other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed unconfirmed. But as of right now uh so um uh okay uh okay you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well um okay I mean so like like your thoughts down in the the the the the the the the the the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um uh okay um so uh Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just just just just just just just just just just did a deep dive on her uh uh like uh uh well you know know know know know know know know know know so um earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make make make make make make make make make make sure you check out I mean well you know you know like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um okay our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean um I mean well well um ready for the word word word word word word word word word word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker okay I mean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like I mean um sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine and the mother to Brielle and like um like so I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well Ashland. She works she works she works she works she works she works works works works works works works works works works she works she works she works she works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church church church church church church church church church church a pastor in suburban like well um you know well okay I mean like like like like like like like like like like like Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She She She She She She She She She She okay well okay I mean okay um like uh okay serves on the committee. That That That That That That That That That That would that would that would that would that would that would that would that would would would would would would would would would would that would that would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay I mean you know uh like well you know conferences and events. She has has has has has has has has has has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's He's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a a a a a a a a a a he's a he's a he's a CO chair so uh I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like I mean uh uh like person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and and and and and and and and and and on this podcast, we've had you know I mean like like I mean um um um um um um um um um um so well uh some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the the the the the the the the the the Australian curriculum with Laura you know so okay um I mean okay like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean Alfre. That's episode that's episode that's episode that's episode that's episode that's episode that's episode that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's episode that's episode that's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date date date date date date date date date date. We also um I mean uh I mean um okay like you know like like like like like like like like like like talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh um well so so like well the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and and and and and and and and and and episode 75. So the so the so the so the so the so the the the the the the the the the the so the so the so the so the people who listen to you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well uh uh I mean I mean well our podcast seem to be be be be be be be be be be interested in curriculum from different areas of the you know you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know so okay uh world. So we're so we're so we're so so so so so so so so so so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're going to keep finding people who know them well to explain well okay well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean you know I mean you know uh them on the pad pad pad pad pad pad pad pad pad pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health health health health health health health health health health and physical education. And so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons like well well well well well well well well well well you know like okay um uh you know you know and Dragons. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is like well so so so so so so so so so so so uh okay well uh okay a lie - man. That's right. And this week we we we we we we we we we we are going to be talking okay okay like you know um so I mean like so so so so so so so so so so about creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not not not not not not not not not not answering lesser uh like well I mean like okay I mean like so questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions questions again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of of of of of of of of of of them like you know um well um um you know you know okay. So So So So So So So So So So send so send so send so send so send so send so send so send send send send send send send send send send so send so send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before before before before before before before before before before you know like like well so like um you know okay all that Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali are you games this week? So since so since so since so since so so so so so so so so so so since so since so since so since so since so since the first time time time time time time time time time time since we okay okay uh um like I mean I mean like you know started started started started started started started started started started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been been been there you know so I mean I mean uh okay so uh okay. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't get to play play play play play play play play play play. I played so so uh like so um you know um um a lot of of of of of of of of of of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I um I um um um um um um um um um um I um I um I um I um I um I um I um um um um um um um um um um I um uh um so I mean so like well so mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast uh you know I mean so like okay um well so. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit like well well well well well well well well well well so um well um you know I mean um your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for so okay uh you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay uh okay okay you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more okay like well like like like um so uh you can make make make make make make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you okay like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like um so well so need to make a podcast in one place. Download the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or I mean you know so so uh you know well well well well well well well well well well like so go to incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish okay like like like like like like like like like like um uh well I mean so okay okay well podcast a woman's integrated Summit Summit Summit Summit Summit Summit Summit Summit Summit Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by um okay like okay so well well well well well well well well well well um uh like dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with with with with with with with with with with additional Fellowship training okay like like you know I mean so so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this this this this this this this this this this episode this episode this episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 2024 2024 2024 2024 2024 2024 2024 2024 2024 to escape with um I mean you know like uh well okay um so so so so so so so so so so Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's built it's built it's built it's built it's built it's built it's built it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's built it's built to okay you know okay so I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on on on on on on on on on on the road I mean um you know uh okay you know well well like. They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape I mean you know know know know know know know know know know um I mean uh okay um so so. Today is today is today is today is today today today today today today today today today today is today is today is today is today is today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a allen a allen a allen a a a a a a a a a a allen a allen a allen a allen a allen a allen a junior uh so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay um okay uh well college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped raped raped raped raped raped raped raped raped raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a um so okay like like you know know know know know know know know know know like like I mean ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered in a series so okay so um um I mean so so okay of slayings slayings slayings slayings slayings slayings slayings slayings slayings slayings now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, hi late, hi late, hi late, hi late, hi late, hi late, hi late, late, late, late, late, late, late, late, late, late, hi late, hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my my my my my my my my my my Saturday night I mean so like I mean like you know like you know um um um um um um um um um um talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know uh like I mean you know and also Snow ending with with with with with with with with with with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my so um like like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so um like house. I'm pouring and now I always try to put together together together together together together together together together together something as I mentioned like okay like okay so well well so I mean the the the the the the the the the the other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there something I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like like um uh so like okay going to shop a super work for for for for for for for for for for husbands or also for Purim believe it or not? okay um so um you you you you you you you you you you know so like like you know Because they always write a five or six six six six six six six six six six or seven page Arturo whatever couple like well well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so well I mean well whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, drink, drink, drink, drink, drink, drink, drink, drink, drink, you know know, you know, well um so you know um well okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front front front front front front front front front front you know I mean um I mean uh so well you know you know of me me me me me me me me me me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well you know well um I mean I mean so well me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little bit um um um um um um um um um um um like okay like like so so um of how we started with here on on on on on on on on on on anchor and one of the best things about anchor so well like you know so so so so so so so so so so okay I mean so like it's free. This is the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast. There's a lot so like you know okay I mean like um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from well well okay you know like so um well you know your phone or or or or or or or or or or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the free anchor up like like like like like like like like like like um okay you know um I mean so you know um or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started check it it it it it it it it it it out. It's okay uh well um um well um uh uh going to to to to to to to to to to be Great. Hey, we're hey, we're hey, we're hey, we're hey, we're hey, we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're hey, we're hey, we're hey, we're hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to to to to to to to to to to sick parvis Magna podcast like I mean uh you know um you know so so so so so so so so so so so like. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like so okay well um I mean okay to talk about their their their their their their their their their their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have to um uh uh well um like like like like like like like like like like okay uh uh be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our our our our our our our our our our website at wwwallaboutdoorscom uh you know uh um okay so okay uh you know. TH. We We We We We We We We We We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you how many of um um um um um um um um um um you know like uh okay um um well like you are about 13 or or or or or or or or or or 18 years old again member. Can I see your hands? okay well so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well you know um okay Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how yeah, how how how how how how how how how how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good. You how uh so so so so so so so so so so so okay well well um well like about those who do not want to admit their their their their their their their their their their age 30 above so that everything is like well like you know okay you you you you you you you you you you know you know like well now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to to to to to to to to to to introduce well uh okay like okay I mean like uh I mean you? Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, what's okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this this this this this this this this this this. You already you know I mean like well uh uh uh I mean okay know know know know know know know know know know who I am. I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in in in in in in in in in in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in the car with Logan. So So So So So So So So So So guys, how's it going? Okay, I mean I mean well you know uh uh you you you you you you you you you you know uh okay so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention McMurray the you know so well um okay well I mean okay like rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about the only school school school school school school school school school school you know um um so so you know I mean you know um we went went went went went went went went went went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask well well well well well well well well well well well okay so well uh well you know um either of us why we had had had had had had had had had had really don't have any other excuse. Yeah uh um so okay okay okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know you know. I don't know why we going. All right guys before we we we we we we we we we we jump into this episode you know so well I mean so like um well well well well well well well well well well so. I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't heard of Banker uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well uh um okay um like okay. It's literally the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make a podcast because everything you need like you know um um uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean so okay is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you um um um um um um um um um um you know so well like um um um so here today. I am with with with with with with with with with with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind um uh like like like like like like like like like like like like okay okay so um of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey Corey. I I I mean so like well like uh you know I mean like don't really really really really really really really really really really know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to like uh well well well well well well well well well well uh you know um okay uh okay school with a Brielle. That's how we met met met met met met met met met met and I study social work and well uh so like like well you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh I consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and and and and and and and and and and I engage in like um well so um so well you know uh a a a a a a a a a a polyamorous lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay you know um like I mean so like me polyamory is is is is is is is is is is the ability to love more than one person at a time okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay I mean um so like well and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out out out out out out out out out out if you want like um you know uh uh you know well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that that that that that that that that that that Madison Pruitt okay you know okay I mean you know um well like I I I I I I I I I I mean with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description well well well well well well well well well well so like like well like well okay like and I along with almost all of of of of of of of of of of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly um so well you know okay okay well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead because Claire Crawley I mean I mean well like like you know like you know so so so so so so so so so so was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so like uh uh I mean uh filming something weeks after production production production production production production production production production production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to well uh so so so so so so so so so so okay like you know so I mean I mean be the winner of this this this this this this this this this this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would uh I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um like I mean so so like have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as as as as as as as as as as of right now I see no other well you know um okay okay so uh I I I I I I I I I I mean well explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me me me me me me me me me me know your thoughts down so um like well well you know um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh in the comments below. That's all that's all that's all that's all that's all all all all all all all all all all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all I've got for today on on on on on on on on on on Bachelor News well so um so like okay well well uh Daily. But if but if if if if if if if if if if but if but if but if but if but if but if but if but but but but but but but but but but if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like so like like um well okay her earlier today. So check that out on on on on on on on on on on this channel and make sure you check out okay um you know um um um um um um um um um um well so um uh like our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm pm. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's just like I so okay so you know okay you know well you know uh don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real real thing uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um like you know so I mean like I mean. You know, who who who who who who who who who who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met a lot of you know like like like like like like like like like like like so uh you know I mean I mean uh the three babies we we we we we we we we we we have he is the one he is the one that loves um like so um um um um um um um um um um so okay okay um so music so much he will walk by the what is is is is is is is is is is that and home you know like okay um so like so I mean so so so so so so so so so so pod? And he and he and he and he and he and he and he he he he he he he he he he and he and he and he will point to it. I'll pick him up up up up up up up up up up. He'll touch okay well so you know well okay I mean like okay it it it it it it it it it it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved music you know you you you you you you you you you you know okay you know um you know you know you know okay so so so so so so so so so so much to the point where if he can't touch it like he will start start start start start start start start start start you know okay you know okay uh well you know so so screaming screaming screaming screaming screaming screaming screaming screaming screaming screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I was kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind kind um uh like okay like you know so okay you know of in like a are are are are are are are are are are we going? Yeah, we're going to how we're going I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like so so I mean to record this podcast like what's going going going going going going going going going going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are you a okay I mean uh like uh well um um um um um um um um um um well I mean little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just just just just just just just just just just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean well like um you know you know well um open. Sweet cool. Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once okay so okay well uh I I I I I I I I I I mean um you know I mean again calling in because we will not not not not not not not not not not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, so like well okay um you you you you you you you you you you know um I mean well we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order order order order order order order order order order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. We're here you know um like I mean uh well um you know like. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top top top top top top top top top top to worst you know uh I mean uh uh you know so uh well sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer um you know like like like like like like like like like like uh I mean okay well you know you know he plays hockey and baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey okay well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know like okay like you know I play soccer. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you want some sausage want me to start off? All right all right all right right right right right right right right right right all right all right all right all right all right all right all right right right right right right right right right right I mean okay uh like uh I mean you know like okay. All right. So So So So So So So So So So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first injury from so okay I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know like okay well okay way back when I was in eighth grade grade grade grade grade grade grade grade grade grade. It's written it's written it's written it's written it's written it's written it's written it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's written it's written it's written soccer and this one so so I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay you know so. This wife this wife this wife this wife this this this this this this this this this this wife this wife this wife this wife this wife this wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well so um so uh uh like well um Beth Davis pull up a chair and and and and and and and and and and grab a drink or you could just well like um you know uh well well well well well well well well well well uh uh well keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart heart come chat with us so um you know um um uh uh so like about about about about about about about about about about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's so let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's get started started started started started started started started started started. Hi Jenna. Hi Beth. So um so um so um so um so um so so so so so so so so so so um so um so um so um so um you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like like so okay um so good to see you my friend. It's been too too too too too too too too too too long. Tell me tell me tell me tell me tell me tell me tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell me tell me tell me tell me about it since well like okay well well well well well well well well well well um um uh okay well last week when we recorded together. That's right right right right right right right right right right Jenna. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited to introduce you know well so so so well well well well well well well well well well uh uh uh sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much much much much much much much much much much Beth. It's a delight to so you know um okay okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm just just just just just just just just just just thrilled to uh like okay I mean so so you know like okay see you you you you you you you you you you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She just raving about um well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um well well you. I almost I almost I almost I almost I I I I I I I I I I almost I almost I almost I almost I almost I almost thought I'd be replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced and her best friend category. Probably really probably really probably really probably really probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably really probably really probably really probably really probably really probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean um like okay you know um like thing spreading faster than than than than than than than than than than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James um well you know know know know know know know know know know you know well you know uh well I mean and Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it so so uh well well well well well well well well well well well I mean I mean so okay or not Tommy. We are we are we we we we we we we we we we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know know know know know know know know know know I mean like like okay you know okay okay like like if it and I I I I I I I I I I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just we just we we we we we we we we we we just we just we just we just we just we just we just we we we we we we we we we we just discovered you know like uh I mean you know like okay well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with your your your your your your your your your your you know uh I mean um um um like you know so host me me me me me me me me me me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover well well well well well well well well well well well okay um uh um like okay like more about spirituality where we can get weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion okay you know okay okay like you know know know know know know know know know know like well you know New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even even even even even even even even even even dating some of the um so like so like um I mean uh well shows will will will will will will will will will will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In so well well well well well well well well well well well um I mean um okay uh um other shows will have guests to to to to to to to to to to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope so like okay so well so like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean you'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open open open open open open open open open open up about what you know um so um well uh I mean uh you know know know know know know know know know know spirituality in today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer healer healer healer healer healer healer healer healer healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't so so so so so so so so so so well okay um like you know you know okay okay have a business but with Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses you know well uh I mean uh you you you you you you you you you you know um um like. If you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and and and and and and and and and and eventually have to okay okay I mean like uh so well so okay close close close close close close close close close close up shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies well um like okay well like you know uh uh to revitalize your listing listing listing listing listing listing listing listing listing listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um uh um you know uh I mean you know results ultimately winning you more bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you I mean I mean like well well well well well well well well well well okay um like um like from the red into the black with your air air air air air air air air air air B&B. This is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is Sean Rocky GH well you know well so so so so so so so so so so uh um like uh you know with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get get get get get get get get get get you more bookings. Welcome uh well so um like uh like like like like like like like like like like uh you know back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more more more more more more more more more more bookings and I'm going you know um okay well okay uh like well um um um um um um um um um um to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence permanence permanence permanence permanence permanence permanence permanence permanence permanence you know like well okay okay so I mean you know you know. Some of some some some some some some some some some some of some of some of some of some of some of some of some of some some some some some some some some some some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just they're just just just just just just just just just just they're just they're just they're just they're just they're just they're just they're just they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're just going like so uh okay okay well uh I mean I mean to to to to to to to to to to be a couple of small changes. Some of some of some of some some some some some some some some some some of some of some of some of some of some of some of them will will will will will will will will will will require some deep thought so I mean well I mean uh like well uh like like like like like like like like like like some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to due to due to due to due to due to due to due due due due due due due due due due to due to due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is is is is is is is is is is advised um I mean uh so well okay okay I mean I mean this this this this this this this this this this episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well I mean I mean okay like well like may find offensive. We advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa so I mean um so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know um okay uh Connolly was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom had dragged her to this well like uh well like I mean well well well well well well well well well well okay uh cramped office. The whole the whole the whole the whole the whole the the the the the the the the the the whole the whole the whole the whole the whole thing was a major drag drag drag drag drag drag drag drag drag drag Lisa complained to the lawyer okay okay so you know okay like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well like guy Jeff. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in in in in in in in in in in response uh well you know okay like uh uh well okay. He said Lisa you're involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved involved in a murder. Lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa lisa lisa lisa lisa lisa lisa lisa lisa lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa rolled her eyes and you know know know know know know know know know know okay well so I mean well um I mean I mean Jeff was was was was was was was was was was baffled his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not not not not not not not not not not just what you know well uh you know you know so so uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is well like like like like like like like like like like like okay you know so you know uh you know the more to do do do do do do do do do do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I so like okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um um uh I mean uh don't know what you're talking about. I I I I I I I I I I don't understand. It's a little too hot well like like I mean so well okay um um um um um um um um um um uh. Sorry be sorry be sorry be sorry be sorry be sorry be sorry be be be be be be be be be be sorry be sorry be sorry be more that makes sense. Us be us be be be be be be be be be be us be us be us be us be us be us be us us us us us us us us us us be us be more yes, this is part 1 of so okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um like um so uh okay 2 of a special extended edition episode on on on on on on on on on on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome you know okay okay so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean um to Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my my my my my my my my my my name is Father Andrew Strobel um like you know so okay I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um so. This is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's begin in I mean um so uh uh okay I mean well like the name of the the the the the the the the the the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's I mean like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um well like well called a mind all those who promise to pray for for for for for for for for for for Hope is the well uh so um you know so um I mean so so so so so so so so so so theological virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay so so uh okay okay like our happiness placing all all all all all all all all all all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on so I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um I mean okay well okay our own strength, but on the help of the the the the the the the the the the grace of the Holy Spirit, So okay uh um well uh so um you know know know know know know know know know know you know with hope we strive for Holiness we strive to become a a a a a a a a a a saint as something which you know well uh like like like um okay um um um um um um um um um um is possible but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions conditions conditions conditions conditions conditions conditions conditions conditions conditions needed for the virtue okay you know so so well I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh of Hope first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this this this this this this this this this this. If you um you know I mean I mean so so well I mean uh haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So I so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so I so I mean so like uh um okay you know like I mean let me me me me me me me me me me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to do do do do do do do do do do so I mean so okay like you know I mean um okay there's creation tools that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your you know so you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um okay you know uh okay phone or computer. So it's really really really really really really really really really really really easy to do. Do anchor will distribute your um like well so so uh you know know know know know know know know know know I mean okay podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts. And so I mean you know so um okay okay so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know many more you can also make money from your podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership okay okay okay uh I mean like like well I mean. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And And And And And And And And And And so um like uh so you know I mean okay uh this this this this this this this this this this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed like like like like like like like like like like well okay I mean okay like I mean um you know this word increases your your your your your your your your your your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with you know know know know know know know know know know I mean well like so so you know okay well God through Christ. Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't like um okay like so so so so so so so so so so like so like like go with this one. Can you is it possible? I know know know know know know know know know know maybe stretching it well well okay I mean well like like so well well well well well well well well well well here. Is it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted okay well well well well well well well well well well so um okay um like so well second chronicles 7 and 14. We're going going going going going going going going going going to finish this series the series next uh well well well well like so you know know know know know know know know know know like time next Sunday. I want to I want to do this. I got got got got got got got got got got I got I got I got I got I got I got I got I got got got got got got got got got got I got um okay well um like you know so okay well to teach this this this this this this this this this this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's my name's my name's my name's my name's my name's my name's my my my my my my my my my my name's my name's my name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, welcome you know um okay I mean well so so so um um um um um um um um um um welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really really really really really really really really really really really loved doing a um like okay so okay uh um um well training doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing a live doing a podcast on the first of the month because I I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh so you know so okay um well think it's a a a a a a a a a a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you are here. There are so so so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh like uh well uh like many people that didn't see out out out out out out out out out out last month and you've got to be grateful that I mean well I mean you you you you you you you you you you know you know like well I mean um you are here you are present you you you you you you you you you you are able to make some changes like um like um okay so you know know know know know know know know know know so okay this month if you weren't happy with last month and you can can can can can can can can can can make a you know so like okay I mean well so okay so difference and and and and and and and and and and I want you to see that as something Really really really serious and I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know um um like like well I mean really something to be so so so so so so so so so so grateful for because sometimes we just take things for granted. We like well you know you know know know know know know know know know know well um so like so stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find find find find find find find find find find okay I mean well well you know um um well I mean out it's like like like like like like like like like like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good well um I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean uh uh I mean okay. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that that that that that that that that that that we're in a new setting which you'll I mean you know uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean I mean uh Be announcing shortly. We will be what what what what what what what what what what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We okay I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay um uh have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you you you you you you you you you you both? Yeah for the um I mean um I mean okay you know uh like like like like like like like like like like um good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and and and and and and and and and and say, you I mean uh so like well like okay okay so know already already already already already already already already already already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s 1960s the 1960s the 1960s the 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some some some some some some some some some some protested peacefully Charles Manson um well well you know well um I mean like so so so so so so so so so so and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer of okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well so well uh like you know so well 69 is now forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to killer knowledge a a a a a a a a a a you know I mean I mean okay okay um um well um Our cast original original original original original original original original original original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true crime I mean like like like like like like like like like like um okay so uh okay well well history in this trivia podcast every episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. We cover a new topic like the okay so uh well like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like uh headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti Gotti Gotti Gotti Gotti Gotti Gotti Gotti Gotti Gotti who gunned I mean okay so uh you know I mean okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who who who who who who who who who who craved notoriety this well uh I mean okay I mean um um like like like like like like like like like like uh week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My My My My My My My My My My like well I mean so you know so I mean you know I mean name name name name name name name name name name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one so one so one so one one one one one one one one one one so one so one so one so one so one so one of the things things things things things things things things things things that okay like um okay um well well um uh I wanted to do do do do do do do do do do when I started this podcast is explore like you know uh uh um um um um um um um um um um okay like you know you know topics that I am interested in and I want want want want want want want want want want to learn more about and well okay so okay so so okay um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay one of those things is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How How How How How How How How How How do okay I mean okay I mean I mean well okay okay um you you you you you you you you you you get the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some some some some some some some some some some of like well okay you know like well well like uh the things that somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before I mean okay um um um um um um um um um um uh you know um like okay I mean starting their business which is is is is is is is is is is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine okay you know um so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean so you know I mean seven one agency created nine seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert so so so I mean um um um um um um um um um um I mean you know I mean um digital agency here in the Middle East East East East East East East East East East they work with local and international so well you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh so you know brands in the Middle East some of which include the the the the the the the the the the names of shallow group to our uh I mean uh like like well well well well well well well well well well um I mean um offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Seth Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas like I mean well I mean so um uh okay okay will learn from from from from from from from from from from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less so so so so so so so so so so um like you know uh uh um like I mean cussing unless absolutely necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay like like like like like like like like like like like so uh um um so well your host Seth Thomas today joining me old old old old old old old old old old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby you know I mean I mean like so so so so so so so so so so um you know uh I mean Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes um like so so I mean I mean so like like like like like like like like like like I mean with age. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know know know know know know know know know know who like I mean so you know I mean like so well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay said that I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe and like you know you know like um okay well so like I have been been been been been been been been been been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um you know well I mean um so okay in the name of the father father father father father father father father father father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen I mean okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well you know like well was called a mind all those we promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise to pray for. I think the most um you know so like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um well exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God God God God God God God God God God already had you and well um like okay like okay I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of of of of of of of of of of history that okay um I mean you know you know uh like um okay no no no no no no no no no no other person can or ever will take we were designed for this role and only only only only only only only only only only um you know um so well uh you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor and okay well um uh like um you know I mean okay his his his his his his his his his his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like like um okay you know you know um in US eternally, it was was was was was was was was was was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce like well so uh uh well okay uh like to you the love love love love love love love love love love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that we so well you you you you you you you you you you know okay so okay I mean okay well had talked about in the past and and and and and and and and and and we're just wanting to make it a reality um like I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know uh you know now. Yeah, now we're bringing his his his his his his his his his his baby to the world. So here so here so here so here so here so here here here here here here here here here here so here so here so here so here we are you know like um um um um um um um um um um well uh okay so like like welcome to your first episode of the the the the the the the the the the love the law. So we so we so we so we so we we we we we we we we we we so we so we so we so we so we kind you know like like like like like like like like like like so like like um so uh like of just want to talk give you you you you you you you you you you an Insight of you know, what made so you know so I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean so you know you know okay us start this podcast and how we we we we we we we we we we know each other and who we are individually um uh um like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like so you know uh and kind of what we want this podcast to be about about about about about about about about about about and so yeah, it's I mean uh uh okay like uh so you know you you you you you you you you you you know an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to to to to to to to to to to know us. I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh so I mean uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so like I mean so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it it it it it it it it it it anyway, I'm Andrew uh I mean so okay um you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know so colvard. Elmer old elmer old elmer old elmer old elmer old elmer old old old old old old old old old old elmer old elmer old elmer old elmer old is back Venice episode and and and and and and and and and and we have a special guest one. I uh uh you know you know so so so so so so so so so so you know uh well you know think you guys are going to like the ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the house well like you know you know like like like like like like like like like like I mean like you know um Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you you you you you you you you you you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really good I mean well well you know like like like like like like like like like like you know uh you know so. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for for for for for for for for for for the good good good. Now um you know you know I mean like like well well well well well well well well well well so well you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about about about about about about about about about about the results of so I mean um so you know uh you know like like like like like like like like like like like the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival selections selections selections selections selections selections selections selections selections selections going you know well you know you know so you know so uh well today today today today today today today today today today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 action so so so so so so so so so so uh you know you know I mean so you know well you know in the marsh marsh marsh marsh marsh marsh marsh marsh marsh marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got itchy you know well well well well well well well well well well so okay okay so like you know like feet at 9:00 to 2:00 2:00 2:00 2:00 2:00 2:00 2:00 2:00 2:00 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home at well like you know well okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr mr. Fisher still listed and so like well um I mean uh okay okay like like like like like like like like like like seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one for he he he he he he he he he he well okay you know so so okay well um I mean later won. But I I I I I I I I I I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by Willie Mullins I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um um um uh you know so you know easy game black art for for for for for for for for for for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 and so on so um um so so so so so so so so so so like so um like okay like forth. I think it's not really a race. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've looked into much myself personally as in going like so okay so you know um um um um um um um um um um well you know okay for a horse to the back, but if I was going to pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick pick anything, okay um so like um well uh um uh I'll probably probably safe safe safe safe safe safe safe safe safe safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on on on on on on on on on on the I mean um well um okay so so you know uh TV talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So so I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know um so like uh um I apologize. I know we we we we we we we we we we had so many people hit us up saying where is well I mean like I I I I I I I I I I mean like well so um okay the after show? So we figured on the the the the the the the the the the week off? We're not actually having an um you know okay um um um um um um um um um um you know you know you know okay you know episode. Whoa. Come Come Come Come Come Come Come Come Come Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um uh you know well okay um a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first first first first first first first first first first podcast of uh well I mean like I mean uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in yeah, in yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in in in in in in in in in in other words Natalie deleted all uh you know you know okay well um um uh you you you you you you you you you you know the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know know know know know know know know know know how to okay okay you know you know um I mean okay well um work work work work work work work work work work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just editing the okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so um okay I mean well I mean video cuz I heard is is is is is is is is is is editing the video as you press the trash can which uh I mean okay you you you you you you you you you you know so I mean I mean well uh deletes everything that we we we we we we we we we we just did and set up for the past. We Yeah, we okay you know so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh okay uh so okay actually did spend a fat two hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't figure like um I mean like I mean so okay okay um out out out out out out out out out out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give um I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean uh um like okay so you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel I'm Rachel I'm Rachel I'm Rachel I'm Rachel I'm Rachel I'm Rachel I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel I'm Rachel I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're uh well well well well well well well well well well like um like um okay you know like wondering why you never heard my name name name name name name name name name name before it's because you haven't because I like well so like well okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well well in no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group group group group group group group group group group of people so so I mean so uh so well okay you know and and and and and and and and and and popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put so so so so so so so so so so um so uh like like I mean um uh it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average average average average average average average average average average high school 16 year old girl. Just try just try just try just try just try try try try try try try try try try just try just try just try just try just try to figure you know well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay I mean you know um like uh out life. Yeah. This is is is is is is is is is is a little Blum. I have I have I have I have I have I have have have have have have have have have have I have I have I have I have I feel um like so okay you you you you you you you you you you know uh so like I mean like everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got just got just got just got just got just got just just just just just just just just just just got just got just got just got to get up and tell the the the the the the the the the the devil who you are. You gotta okay um I mean um you know I mean okay I I I I I I I I I I mean um tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and and and and and and and and and and I told the devil uh well uh um okay well um well you know who I I I I I I I I I I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the head well you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know okay okay like I mean of all principality and power. I I I I I I I I I I am alive in Christ. I am I am I am I am I am I I I I I I I I I I am I am I am I am I am free so well you know know know know know know know know know know so well you know okay um um from the law of sin and death. I I I I I I I I I I am far from oppression uh I mean you know okay like you know uh um um um um um um um um um um I mean and the enemy cannot come near me. I am born of God God God God God God God God God God and the like um like you know um you know like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh evil one cannot touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in in in in in in in in in in love. Love I so I mean you know so I mean okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean am in right standing with the father. I have the mind of of of of of of of of of of Christ. I have well I mean uh okay um I mean well well uh the peace peace peace peace peace peace peace peace peace peace of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is uh um um um um um um um um um um uh so um uh well uh so in me than he that is in in in in in in in in in in the world. I have received the power of like I mean um so uh um you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean the Holy Spirit. I have put up the old and and and and and and and and and and put on the new I have like uh well so well I mean you know well well well well well well well well well well like been given and it's been given to me. I have no lack so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know like okay you know well you know for my God God God God God God God God God God shall supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all the shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter okay um well like well I mean like um I mean episodes that we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will not be like um like like like like like like like like like like um so okay like you know like one of those. This is going to to to to to to to to to to be a nice long discussion okay you know so I mean I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like you know well because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's probably To be like well like like so well I mean you know know know know know know know know know know so more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all all all all all all all all all all this chemicals. Like uh well like you know like so okay well you know know know know know know know know know know how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm excited that. We well well well well well well well well well well uh uh well um uh uh like like got Michael join and ask because because because because because because because because because because he's going to make every Lamar Jackson and um okay okay well okay uh so so so so so so so so so so okay well compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing Hey, I'm doing uh like so um um you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here to to to to to to to to to to tell like like you know I mean like you know um like you know know know know know know know know know know everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius I I I I I I I I I I mean like well okay um okay well so uh. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's York's York's York's York's York's York's York's York's York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the you know like you know okay I I I I I I I I I I mean um so well like trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is is is is is is is is is is still a matter of debate. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to today I mean um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know well uh uh and true-crime a par cast original. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering I mean um I mean well okay um so so so so so so so so so so well um the 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against against against against against against against against against against the like I mean I mean okay uh okay like okay you know know know know know know know know know know US were considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case so so so so so so so so so so okay you know you know uh like you know um um the crime of of of of of of of of of of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go let's go let's go go go go go go go go go go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This well uh okay you know well so so uh I mean podcast is is is is is is is is is is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do I do I I I I I I I I I I do I do I do I do I do I do I do I do do do do do do do do do do a you know well you know like like like uh you know okay few things. I read read read read read read read read read read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh well well um you know okay so uh authors of books. I enjoy and and and and and and and and and and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering so well well uh uh well well well well well well well well well well okay uh okay your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the the the the the the the the the the podcast page on so um so like okay okay okay okay you know know know know know know know know know know iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving a review. I I mean okay okay okay I mean okay well like uh promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So um so um so so so so so so so so so so um so um so um so um so um so um so um so um um um um um um um um um um uh well like well okay so I mean like please ask me anything now now now now now now now now now now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit like okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so like like well well you know me at near and far.com. How How How How How How How How How How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Choi for uh so well like like like like like like like like like like you know okay okay so you know near and far.com meditation like any any any any any any any any any any healthy habit takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod I'm Tod I'm Tod I'm Tod I'm Tod I'm Tod I'm Tod I'm Tod I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Tod I'm Tod um okay well uh so okay so okay like. Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook conversions might be much lower lower lower lower lower lower lower lower lower lower than you well like so like uh I mean um um I mean think HootSuite launches launches launches launches launches launches launches launches launches launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube so like uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh uh uh launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess who's copying their competitors um you know uh well so well you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint Hint Hint Hint Hint Hint Hint Hint Hint Hint it rhymes. Minster you know uh so um I mean well um uh like like like like like like like like like like blam. Here's what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've so you've so so so so so so so so so so you've so you've so you've so you've so you've so you've so you've so so so so so so so so so so you've done what a um well okay uh like you know I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know good digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting reporting reporting reporting reporting reporting reporting reporting reporting reporting and your uh like so I mean I mean um so okay uh pixels like like like like like like like like like like those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything so so so so so so so so so so so um you know so I mean well uh um is within your control. So So So So So So So So So So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way like uh like like like like like like like like like like like well like okay um so more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we we we we we we we we we we unpack I mean I mean I mean okay like okay okay well well everything from from from from from from from from from from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that that that that that that that that that that well like um uh so um well um you know you can be more informed informed informed informed informed informed informed informed informed informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This you know so I mean um um um um um um um um um um um so uh um like episode is brought to you by anchor when we we we we we we we we we we decided to create a podcast so you know um well you know so well well um um um um um um um um um um. We wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted we we we we we we we we we we wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted to figure out the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to do it. And anchor is I mean like okay uh well uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay exactly that they give you everything you need in one place for free uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh okay like like I mean uh well and you can use it from from from from from from from from from from your computer or your phone. There are there are there are there are there are there there there there there there there there there there are there are there are there are there are a well okay I mean well well well well well well well well well well like uh um so well couple things we really like about anchor they they they they they they they they they they have some creation tools that allow you to I mean you know like so so so so so so so so so so like I mean well um you know record and edit your podcast. They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard so so well okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean so um I mean everywhere and they have some ways for you to make make make make make make make make make make money on your podcast with no minimum um like um you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you know like like well listenership. So if you want to give it a try try try try try try try try try try and make your very um so I mean um like so um well um um um um um um um um um um own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children so so so so so so so so so so you know well I mean okay uh like you know okay. Listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story like so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know uh you know well You're about to hear is not not not not not not not not not not a direct retelling of any single myth um well like uh uh well well like like like like like like like like like like I mean about leimia. Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient ancient Greek Legends stories uh you know I mean uh you know uh you know um um um um um um um um um um I mean and lure to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over over over over over over over over over over the misogi I mean so well uh well um well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh OC gentle waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a like like like like like like like like like like you know you know okay okay well okay I mean you know child named named named named named named named named named named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a you know you know like like like like like like like like like like you know you know so like well well last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before before before before before before before before before before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got got got got got got got got got got I've got Andy um you know okay so like you know you know you you you you you you you you you you know I mean on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm good okay you know okay like um I mean well well uh. Thank you. How How How How How How How How How How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back uh like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well like I mean uh okay was much better. But now it's really bad again again again again again again again again again again might have been because I try you know okay so uh well well um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I I I I I I I I I I mean are you okay um so well well so so so um I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're well well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh so so you know one of these people who actually huzzah huzzah huzzah huzzah huzzah huzzah huzzah huzzah huzzah huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah well so I mean okay uh you know know know know know know know know know know you know uh well. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've definitely not as okay well um well well so I mean well uh soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but but but but but but but but but but uh um you know I mean like so okay you know I mean I I I I I I I I I I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that that that that that that that that that that uh I mean so so like like okay okay uh it's going to to to to to to to to to to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good um you you you you you you you you you you know well I mean okay you know I mean um you know good start First question question question question question question question question question question. Okay is okay is okay is okay is okay is okay is okay is okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay is okay is okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody melody melody melody melody melody melody melody melody melody our you know um so uh well uh okay uh well I'm my name name name name name name name name name name is Future and baying are your host today? And we and we and we we we we we we we we we we and we and we and we and we and we and we and and and and and and and and and and we have a um you know like you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your your your your your your your your your your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's your what's your what's your what's you know well like like well like so well well well well well well well well well well uh your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just I'm well so so okay okay um uh uh I mean just chilling chilling chilling chilling chilling chilling chilling chilling chilling chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at work. Now okay well well well well well well well well well well um like I mean okay okay uh I mean. I'm gonna now I'm just now now now now now now now now now now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah I mean so so so so so so so so so so uh um uh I mean uh I mean like. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop well well well well well well well well well well um uh um um like okay you know okay star. Gary Glitter was convicted of of of of of of of of of of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today so so I mean um you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean um and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature nature of today's well um um um um like you know so like like like like like like like like like like crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today Today. We're like I mean okay okay well um so you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty guilty guilty guilty guilty guilty guilty guilty guilty guilty of initiating um um uh like uh I mean well so well inappropriate sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in in in in in in in in in in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What What What What What What What What What What a time what a time okay uh um I mean uh you know so so so so so so so so so so like uh what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially officially officially officially officially officially officially officially officially officially it's officially it's officially it's officially it's officially it's officially it's officially it's officially officially officially officially officially officially officially officially officially officially it's officially it's officially March um well okay so um you know I mean like like like like like like like like like like okay and if you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us us us us us us us us us us witches. Really do like you know uh you know you know I mean you know know know know know know know know know know I mean like celebrate the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up up up up up up up up up up. Can you well um I mean okay uh well I mean um like believe winter is is is is is is is is is is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just writing you know know know know know know know know know know well uh um I mean okay so um well this in my journal journal journal journal journal journal journal journal journal journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Brown you know so well so like I mean uh so um and today I I I I I I I I I I have a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's um well so like like like like like like like like like like I mean um um you know you know the president of the brothers and dubious dubious dubious dubious dubious dubious dubious dubious dubious dubious AKA Bond here in South University of South okay like like so I I I I I I I I I I mean well like I mean like Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like like like like like like like like like like to tell us some of those okay well uh you know um um um um um um um um um um um so well well other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, I guess but I uh well like so like uh so well like mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your well well well well well well well well well well like uh well uh well um okay um host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to okay uh I mean so um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean I mean okay go over today is a fortnight hype night night night night night night night night night night and height night plus in Chapter 2 well um so like well uh um um um um um um um um um um um uh season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all all all all all all all all all all operatives operatives uh okay well like um uh like like well. Hallelujah, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me let let let let let let let let let let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let let let let let let me let me tell you a little bit uh so um so like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay well I mean about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make you know well like like you know you know uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to like like like like like like like like like like um um you know um so okay um okay record and edit your podcast right right right right right right right right right right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute um um um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know well okay your podcast for you. So it so it so so so so so so so so so so it so it so it so it so it so it so it so it it it it it it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and uh well um like so so um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything okay okay you know I mean uh like um uh like you need to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast in one place. Download the download the download the download the download the the the the the the the the the the download the download the download the download the download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor up or well like uh uh uh I mean well so like go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so like okay so uh the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court Court Court Court Court Court Court Court Court Court okay uh well uh okay well like like okay of the United States upheld the the the the the the the the the the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know uh you know so okay so okay bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a par par par par par par par par par par cast original today. We're covering I mean uh well uh I mean you know I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean the Supreme Court's decision not to hear an appeals case for for for for for for for for for for the Oklahoma City um you know well I mean well I mean okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um bomber. Let's go back to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh uh I mean you know so uh I mean of Attorney Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution you know like you know well like uh so uh uh is advised for listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest so so okay you know know know know know know know know know know okay okay so um you know ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young young young young young young young young young young volunteers were clearing brush on well okay uh I mean like um uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so I mean uh um so okay okay the sun was obscured by by by by by by by by by by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of um okay so like like like like like like like like like like uh okay okay well like an effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires fires fires fires fires fires fires fires fires fires blazing along the northern reaches of so okay well I mean like I mean um um um um um um um um um um uh okay the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly newly newly newly newly newly newly newly newly newly formed US I mean I mean okay okay uh um I mean well so so so so so so so so so so Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so uh like like I mean like were overworked and understaffed. But many members of the the the the the the the the the the service still believe the situation like so um so uh um uh well well was under under under under under under under under under under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect you you you you you you you you you you know you know okay I mean uh um like um so those of the company and and and and and and and and and and its management for their more the views and opinions of like you know know know know know know know know know know well okay like I mean so um okay the guests and the colors do not not not not not not not not not not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program I mean okay uh you know um um um um um um um um um um you know so I mean I mean the management and the network by Leila Leila Leila Leila Leila Leila Leila Leila Leila Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on but no like so okay so I I I I I I I I I I mean like I mean so um by at go by in a module on on on on on on on on on on my adding my messy, Salient I mean well so I mean you know like like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay Emma. Lingua, Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra Terra Terra Terra Terra Terra Terra Terra Terra Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got got got got got got got got got got something to okay you know you know okay so um well like well say but but but but but but but but but but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break um um um um um um um um um um so like I mean um like um you know okay that mold from the couch couch couch couch couch couch couch couch couch couch grab a mic and download anchor for free you know so uh like so um well well well well well well well well well well you know like anchor has simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing editing and Publishing so okay okay I mean I mean like okay um well. They They They They They They They They They They do they do they do they do they do they do they do they do they do do do do do do do do do do they do all the work for you. It's the it's the it's the it's the the the the the the the the the the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the only opt out out out out out out out out out out there that lets uh so I mean uh um um well uh well you create create create create create create create create create create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are okay well you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh I mean um um you know you waiting for download now and and and and and and and and and and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how how how how how how how how how how okay okay okay like uh well I mean I mean okay Jesus after healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he uh like um I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um uh um uh gets up and he goes to the mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain mountain to pray to be with God to okay um um uh I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well you know be with the father in prayer. And when you had had had had had had had had had had gone up to be I mean well like okay like uh um okay well with the the the the the the the the the the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to to to to to to to to to to so uh I mean I mean uh um I mean okay okay him and he he he he he he he he he he says to him we've been looking for you and okay you know um um um um um um um um um um well I mean um um uh um Jesus says while I needed to be be be be be be be be be be with the father but also need to uh um uh I mean so okay like like like like like like like like like like so like go somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us us us us us us us us us us to unpack. It um you know I mean okay so well okay like like like like like like like like like like like is the attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins he begins he he he he he he he he he he begins he begins he begins he begins he begins he begins he begins he begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins begins it by being you know so like like you know you know so so so so so so so so so so okay so with God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking by taking by taking by taking by taking by taking by taking by by by by by by by by by by taking by taking by taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would we would would would would would would would would would would we would we would we would we would we would we would we would would would would would would would would would would we would be talking so so well well okay you know um so um about programmatic programmatic programmatic programmatic programmatic programmatic programmatic programmatic programmatic programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host so well well well well well well well well well well um so um so uh like you know for the session. So let's get get get get get get get get get get started. What is what is what is what is what is what is what is is is is is is is is is is what is what is what is programmatic advertising? You might have like like I I I I I I I I I I mean so so well I mean um um heard this term. If not, if not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic like well so you you you you you you you you you you know okay so um so like advertising is in automated buying and selling of online online online online online online online online online online advertising this automation makes transaction I mean like uh well well like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh efficient and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in in in in in in in in in in one I mean okay well um I mean well I mean you know um technology technology technology technology technology technology technology technology technology technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been tracking tracking tracking tracking tracking tracking tracking tracking tracking tracking Sasquatches for 25 years American global um okay so you know so okay like like like like like like like like like like so I mean Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do you believe uh well okay well okay I mean I mean well like in UFOs? UFOs UFOs UFOs UFOs UFOs UFOs UFOs UFOs UFOs Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave bahr, my my my my my my my my my my okay I mean like okay okay I mean okay uh I mean American podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going it's going it's going it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going on on on on on on on on on on everybody. Finally got finally got finally got finally got finally got finally got finally got got got got got got got got got got finally got finally got finally got like you know you know well uh um um um um um um um um um um like well like this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best like I mean okay uh okay I mean okay so you you you you you you you you you you know program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last you you you you you you you you you you know like so okay uh you know um um uh night. We have some some some some some some some some some some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I so you know know know know know know know know know know like so uh like you know uh I mean don't know ten minute conversation. Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got Got some got some people on their the regulars. It you it you it you you you you you you you you you you it you it you it you it you it you it you it you you you you you you you you you you know so so so uh well well I mean well was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your your your your your your your your your your you know uh so um you know so okay um well Bohemian guide to economics and everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I uh I mean you know you know know know know know know know know know know okay um you know you know so suppose, you know critical thinking the word word word word word word word word word word that you heard here. So many times mentioned okay okay so okay so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay well in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean that you should after reading an article well so like well okay so like like like like like like like like like like I mean like go. Hmm But hmm But hmm But hmm But hmm But But But But But But But But But But hmm But hmm But hmm But hmm But hmm But is it it it it it it it it it it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted so well uh you know I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know I mean okay to say Force but Source critical thinking to to to to to to to to to to me. So actually thinking not just critically well so um um uh you know know know know know know know know know know like I mean okay about the things that you receive but critically about about about about about about about about about about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In well well well well well well well well well well like um uh um you know so well well the history of song titles. It It It It It It It It It It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore uh well I mean well well okay I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh. Ah, I mean give me a better song title than that that that that that that that that that that. That's poetic. It's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so so so so so so so so so so it's so it's so it's so it's so like well well okay so so okay I I I I I I I I I I mean from PJ Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories stories from the sea like um uh so so you know um well so. It's also also also also also also also also also also a number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the the the the the the the the the the uh uh uh like uh I mean um okay like 500 with Josh Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank um thank um thank um thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank thank um thank um thank um thank um thank um thank um thank um you you you you you you you you you you know well okay okay you know you know okay I mean you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling um um um um um um um um um um you know uh uh like like okay okay you know Stone Magazine's list of the 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I so well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay um um you know look over this list to see what's coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming coming up and I get excited because I'm uh like um you know so so so so so so so so so so so I mean like you know like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those all those all those all those all those all those all those all those those those those those those those those those those all those all those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster starting real okay uh okay well you know so I mean okay well soon. I I I I I I I I I I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo okay so you you you you you you you you you you know so well you know I mean you know like pants AKA garbage face AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old okay I mean so you you you you you you you you you you know okay um like so I mean grey balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I I I I I I I I I I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize I apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize I apologize I apologize if I missed any please write I mean you know know know know know know know know know know like um so um I mean um well me if I did. Thank you you you you you you you you you you for joining us on a new episode like I mean well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so so. Sorry about last week. Apparently the sound was a little off and and and and and and and and and and so is okay um I mean so okay I mean uh I mean well our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast well well well well well well well well well well well uh okay uh you know like well so with me David Moore and and and and and and and and and and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly. And well um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know you know okay like I mean well of course Tom Ward evening gents gents gents gents gents gents gents gents gents gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey I mean uh I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know well like okay them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down well well well well well well well well well well like like well okay I mean you know okay I mean the top 31 Sports scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one um well I mean like you know know know know know know know know know know like so uh okay of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration celebration in Centennial Park. The I mean like like you know okay uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with uh you know know know know know know know know know know um um like I mean okay like so nails exploded for more shocking sports events from from from from from from from from from from history tune in right here every day you know like so like so so so so so so so so so so I mean uh like so to our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or or or or or or or or or or wherever you get your like uh uh like so well you know uh so podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded concluded concluded concluded concluded concluded concluded concluded concluded concluded um like okay um okay um so okay well and the energy in the the the the the the the the the the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and well well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so I mean I mean um well the heart attack jammed on stage in in in in in in in in in in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the the the the the the the the the the division uh well well like uh so uh I mean uh two, its Community News News News News News News News News News News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division stuff I mean well well well well well well well well well well well so okay um like you know um such as this podcast. I do a twitch twitch twitch twitch twitch twitch twitch twitch twitch twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel and I mean like uh like well um I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st in our word of the so I mean well like um okay okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over the eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat eat um so uh you know so so uh so well despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may may may may may may may may may may actually know the meaning of this word. Even if you haven't I mean well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean like you know uh okay uh heard it before that's because because because because because because because because because because it sounds like and is related to a so I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know uh okay well um you know handful of other common words in English, including habitual habitual habitual habitual habitual habitual habitual habitual habitual habitual habituate and have it It's okay I mean I mean well like I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as as as as as as as as as as in the aspiring you know okay you know um uh um okay okay like painter was was was was was was was was was was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for someone um like you you you you you you you you you you know well you know I mean I mean you know like who frequently visits visits visits visits visits visits visits visits visits visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or okay so you you you you you you you you you you know like well like you know um so used bookstores. Are you a habitual habitual habitual habitual habitual habitual habitual habitual habitual habitual way of word of the day? We hope we hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope we hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in in in in in in in in in in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in butterfly in the sky. Hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing communism um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um so like well so so you know in the family A really important work by by by by by by by by by by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to get you know okay um uh okay you know know know know know know know know know know uh I mean you know into this work. But first of all, we'll go go go go go go go go go go through and do our like I mean uh uh um uh okay well well well well well well well well well well well names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is is is is is is is is is is. My so my so my so my so my so my so my so so so so so so so so so so my so my so my so so so I mean uh um well well well well well well well well well well well like name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked liked liked liked liked liked liked liked liked liked that old um you know well uh so like I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you you you you you you you you you you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, the one where they've got got got got got got got got got got the main employees uh okay okay um uh so so um uh like pointing at himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy uh well well uh okay I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so um and a lot of fun. My name my name my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My My My My My My My My My My name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 16 2011 well uh I mean um like so well okay so at a cabbie. They They They They They They They They They They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender I mean I mean you you you you you you you you you you know well um uh so so I mean. Skip at a matter of a a a a a a a a a a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify I mean so um um um um um um um um um um you know uh uh okay um okay original peasants. They tally the life of a a a a a a a a a a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders I mean you know so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh so well by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored the unexplored the the the the the the the the the the unexplored the unexplored the unexplored the unexplored the unexplored the unexplored the unexplored the unexplored unexplored unexplored unexplored unexplored unexplored unexplored unexplored unexplored unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again again again again again again again again again again once again once again once again once again once again once again once again again again again again again again again again again once again once again being solo Mia is back like okay well uh like like like like like like like like like like okay um you know um from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with with with with with with with with with with her little boy Rider, I mean okay like you know okay so so okay like like like like like like like like like like but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As As As As As As As As As As always okay so like well um I mean so uh I mean this this this this this this this this this this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition condition condition condition condition condition condition condition condition condition okay I mean I mean like well uh so um okay. It's for for for for for for for for for for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek advice well so so so so so so so so so so like well like well so like okay from your Healthcare professional. Before making before making making making making making making making making making making before making before making before making before making before making before making before making before before before before before before before before before before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because well like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so uh I mean like well the alpha babes podcast is about to go live live live live live live live live live live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here you're here you're here you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're here you're here you're here you're here you're here you're here you're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so um like okay uh so you know tv top. Now, let them Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean like like so you know so um after Bush show for for for for for for for for for for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host host host host host host host host host host Alex like like I mean um okay um okay um uh Bowers and I I I I I I I I I I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda um uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean um I mean I mean you know ants we There's a lot so so so so so so so so so so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy okay, Stacy okay, Stacy okay, Stacy okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, Stacy okay, Stacy okay, Stacy okay, Stacy okay, Stacy okay, Stacy has a you know know know know know know know know know know um okay so like well well well um question for us later on our special special special special special special special special special special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing like like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so like okay providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So So So So So So So So So So we've heard a lot of okay like uh like so uh like you know so people people people people people people people people people people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like you know okay um uh uh with black with black with with with with with with with with with with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're um you know um well you you you you you you you you you you know you know so um you know here today on the 5th episode and we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're really excited to speak today um like you know okay like well well like like like like like like like like like like okay and have this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is um um um um um um um um um um I mean um um like okay okay I mean you know a very fluid open open open open open open open open open open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit well okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well okay okay with me about your body embodiment and I thought This has has has has has has has has has has been a well um um um you know okay like um like really great topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic for us to speak about and so my question for you just to like like like like like like like like like like okay like well I mean well um I mean so get right into it it it it it it it it it it because I want to leave time for all the um okay uh well well well well well well well well well well uh like so you know like juicy juicy. Understandings is my question for you you you you you you you you you you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on on on on on on on on on on here like so well you know okay okay you know uh okay and let you know know know know know know know know know know how much it came and I enjoy using like like I mean okay so uh so so so so so so so so so so uh so anchor for our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's totally free so like like um you know well uh so so. Number two. There are are are are are are are are are are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are are are are are are are are are are there are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um um well so okay podcast from your phone or your computer number number number number number number number number number number three anchor distributes your podcast like you know I mean okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know I mean I mean uh for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many other I mean um uh you know I mean so um um um um um um um um um um you know so platforms number four you can make money from Podcast with no no no no no no no no no no minimum listenership. It's basically uh so uh well okay okay so so okay everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the the the the the the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood Bollywood like uh like okay you know you know I mean um well and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's well I mean um um um um um um um um um um I mean um uh so so okay a crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've well so um you know you know like like like like like like like like like like uh okay I mean all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's basically your mother listen okay well I mean um uh uh like well uh to to to to to to to to to to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good good good good good good good good good good. So we're here I mean like okay uh so I mean okay okay uh to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I get um well so so so so so so so so so so you know so uh I mean uh uh this out of the way a a a a a a a a a a quick plug or big plug we are now on well uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh so uh the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want want want want want want want want want want you to like share subscribe uh I mean you know okay you know like like like like like like like like like like like okay like follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we so we so we so so so so so so so so so so we so we so we so we so we so we so we put put put put put put put put put put up the Kahuna per episode, which well like um you know okay okay um like like like like like like like like like like well is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you you you you you you you you you you guys uh uh I mean like you know um so um like. What do do do do do do do do do do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to choosing to choosing to choosing to choosing to choosing to choosing to to to to to to to to to to choosing to choosing to choosing to live your life from a place of of of of of of of of of of love and trust and guidance rather than so um well I mean okay well well well well well well well well well well I mean you know um from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because because because because because because because because because because at the uh okay um okay okay you know uh um uh end of the the the the the the the the the the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything like well you know know know know know know know know know know you know well like uh I mean you know right. It just it just just just just just just just just just just it just it just it just it just it just it just it just it it it it it it it it it it just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know well you know I I I I I I I I I I mean okay like uh I mean you know well that you will be legio be be be be be be be be be be guided to exactly where you are meant to be uh uh I mean you know know know know know know know know know know you know you know well uh um. Welcome to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode is when did did did did did did did did did did disability become you know uh like uh I mean well so so so so so so so so so so I mean you know so taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Sophie Sophie Sophie Sophie Sophie Sophie Sophie Sophie Sophie Butler who is a fitness like uh uh uh I mean okay you know so well well well well well well well well well well influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to to to to to to to to to to well you know um okay I mean okay you know I mean you you you you you you you you you you know be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the the the the the the the the the the World uh well well well uh uh you know um okay perhaps disables us more than than than than than than than than than than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may okay uh okay well I I I I I I I I I I mean um so so so do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's basically the idea uh you know so so okay I mean okay like well of ableism ableism ableism ableism ableism ableism ableism ableism ableism ableism and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied um so well well well well well well well well well well uh uh I mean um um I mean as opposed to those of us who perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It so okay so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean so you know so was so inspiring to people Sophia, and and and and and and and and and and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean you know I mean I mean um really hope you enjoy it as always always always always always always always always always always. Please do please do please do please do please do please do please do do do do do do do do do do please do please do please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time whatever time whatever time time time time time time time time time time whatever time whatever time whatever time whatever time whatever time whatever time whatever time you you you you you you you you you you listening. Hello. Welcome to a I mean well okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean so well so comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name my name my my my my my my my my my my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells vegan like so so you know know know know know know know know know know like so so so um coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just just just just just just just just just just on the outskirts of you know okay well okay okay okay um well um Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within within within within within within within within within within a okay well well okay like like so okay okay small range Lucas is important important important important important important important important important important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living you know uh uh so so so so so so so so so so uh um uh okay um cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce enough energy if so I mean you know you know like um I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like blood glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, osmosis, I mean I mean I mean like you know um like like okay which is is is is is is is is is is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh so uh okay like well um through the pancreas. The body the body body body body body body body body body body the body the body the body the body the body the body the body body body body body body body body body body the body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough you know I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like well you know uh um like well blood glucose if the concentration of of of of of of of of of of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases okay well uh well um so so so so so so so so so so um um you know the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues tissues tissues tissues tissues tissues tissues tissues tissues tissues detect the presence so you know okay um so so uh you know well well well well well well well well well well of insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of of of of of of of of of of like um um I mean so I mean so um you know glucose that that that that that that that that that that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process continues until so so so so so so so so so so I mean like I mean uh I mean okay I mean I mean the the the the the the the the the the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is this is this is this is this is this is a bit of a a a a a a a a a a different episode today. This so so you know okay you know um you know well well well well well well well well well well well is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total total total total total total total total total total you know so so so okay uh okay well uh Bitcoin show. So I was was was was was was was was was was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice okay uh so uh uh I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well you know guy been putting out a lot of great content around around around around around around around around around around Bitcoin a lot of great people um okay so you know uh well I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean okay on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So So So So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so so so so so so so so so so I so I so I okay uh like I mean like I mean like like like like like like like like like like uh uh thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the the the the the the the the the the first uh um okay well like well like uh like half there was I think think think think think think think think think think we had some bandwidth issues. So the the audio well well uh like well well well well well well well well well well okay uh okay I mean was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too too too too too too too too too too disruptive. If you want to follow so uh you know well well uh uh I I I I I I I I I I mean um cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his his his his his his his his his his Twitter handle is you know okay you know I mean okay so so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh uh I mean you know well I mean well 4th of of of of of of of of of of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged surged surged surged surged surged surged surged surged surged in I mean so so like um so uh uh I mean the morning. Hoping that that that that that that that that that that hoping that hoping that hoping that hoping that hoping that hoping that hoping that hoping that that that that that that that that that that hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate like like like like like like like like like like you know well you know like I mean like okay well well well well well well well well well well cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a a a a a a a a a a okay uh uh okay um you know you know um so new round of of of of of of of of of of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations well well like I I I I I I I I I I mean so well okay well um and cut the cash rates by half a percent. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh for the big so uh um like okay so you know so like Banks quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly passed on the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 60 like like okay like you know um well uh well seconds. Donald Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It um uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well you know well you know seems they have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market Market Market Market Market Market Market Market Market Market this morning by cutting interest rates okay you know I mean like like um um I I I I I I I I I I mean um by 50 basis points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, hello well, hello well, hello well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to to to to to to to to to to the office ASMR a uh uh like so um I mean um well well Sleepytime podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay so you know okay you know you know um the secret today. We have the the the the the the the the the the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene I gene I I I I I I I I I I gene I gene I gene I gene I gene I gene I gene I I I I I I I I I I gene I mean you know uh um so uh I mean okay I mean stew Pinsky Pinsky Pinsky Pinsky Pinsky Pinsky Pinsky Pinsky Pinsky Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in um uh uh well well well well well well well well well well like you know you know well um the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments okay you you you you you you you you you you know so okay well so like I mean well participant skip any personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I guess well well so I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay uh like well that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the the the the the the the the the the Cuyahoga here, but you came on my personal um uh you know like well well well well well well well well well well so well so um experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go go go go go go go go go go pootie sensitivity case like you know uh so well um um okay okay at at at at at at at at at at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect uh well uh okay so um I mean well well the views and policies of of of of of of of of of of Spotify or the producer and curator of this okay so so um like like like like like like like like like like um uh uh like podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it it it it it it it it it it Brittany American humor then well uh uh I mean you know okay I mean like well well well well well well well well well well he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul foul foul foul foul foul foul foul foul foul. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your host like well um uh so so I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle and Taylor you know you know well um I mean so so like like like like like like like like like like like here to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home so I I I I I I I I I I mean well okay um okay uh okay uh victory over the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71 83-71 83-71 83-71 83-71 83-71 83-71 83-71 83-71 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had okay um uh like okay well okay like um um um um um um um um um um to have and they did and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for so so so so so so so so so so so um um you know um I mean so uh South. Carolina they got up big big big big big big big big big big early and then they squandered almost every well I mean um okay so you you you you you you you you you you know like like I mean single ounce of that lead going into halftime and and and and and and and and and and then by the second you know you know um uh okay like um um um um um um um um um um um okay half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you so so so so so so so so so so like you know like so so okay I mean well know, they only won by by by by by by by by by by 12 and most of the time they were up by okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know so I mean you know you know like six or something something something something something something something something something something like that but it felt comfortable in South Carolina did so like uh like like like like like like like like like like like um okay you know okay it without getting a single spectacular performance but but but but but but but but but but a lot of good performances from a lot of okay like uh well so like okay like like like like like like like like like like like different areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick aquick aquick aquick aquick aquick aquick aquick aquick aquick warning before we we we we we we we we we we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject so you know so so so so so so so so so so uh okay um I mean okay well matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma Trauma Trauma Trauma Trauma Trauma Trauma Trauma Trauma Trauma. It may not be suitable for everyone discretion is like uh like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about sex with with with with with with with with with with well okay well okay okay well you know I mean I mean an adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to them. This is is is is is is is is is is like you know so well like you know uh like so a public service announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement announcement from 1984. It was made by activists on a okay okay I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um so okay you know mission to make public the secret scourge of of of of of of of of of of child abuse and this PSA was one way um okay so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know well I mean they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors doctors doctors doctors doctors doctors doctors doctors doctors doctors popular TV actors like you know um okay you know so uh um okay so so so so so so so so so so the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have we have we have we we we we we we we we we we have we have we have we have we have we have we have myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself myself Joakim at Crescent Adam Telfer like so you know okay well I mean so okay so so so so so so so so so so in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 has been canceled I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean well um so so like like by TechCrunch secondly secondly secondly secondly secondly secondly secondly secondly secondly secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by sensor Tower third you know know know know know know know know know know okay you know well okay uh so uh I mean epic question, super data on Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz and finally Roblox uh so you know uh well well well well well well well well well well well um well well raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED LED LED LED LED LED LED LED LED LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four okay so like you know okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know so okay billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you how you how how how how how how how how how how you how you how you how you how you how you how you how you guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys doing? All right can't complain. You're good. I like you know okay like so so so so so so so so so so like uh okay okay think we're going to rush through this one, right? I'm you you you you you you you you you you got a hard stop you know you know uh like so uh you know I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so we can sorry so start with updates and I've got three three three three three three three three three three quick updates. First of so okay like uh uh you know like like um um um um um um um um um um all got to give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm um um um um um um um um um um so like I mean okay like I mean so you know Natalie and I'm Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I okay okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so I mean well like so like like to call the great exfoliation debate because we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've got two different points of view and so okay uh I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know like well uh we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week week week week week week week week week week. We will also of course uh so I mean you know well well like like like like like like like like like like well um do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and and and and and and and and and and this week we're going I mean um you know okay like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh okay with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just just just just just just just just just just like exfoliation okay well like like well I mean so well I mean. I would would would would would would would would would would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year you you you you you you you you you you know you know I mean you know you know well okay you know well well well well well well well well well well old Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her so so so so so so so so so so well uh like uh um well so so family out of their Fortune. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to today and true-crime a par so well so um well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know well cast original today. We're covering we're covering we're covering we're covering we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're covering we're covering we're covering we're covering we're covering we're covering the abduction and forced marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward I mean you know uh well you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner Turner Turner Turner Turner Turner Turner Turner Turner Turner family fortune. Let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so um I mean um well well well well well well well well well well like I mean okay okay go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a a a a a a a a a a salon owner. My name you know like so so like um like you know know know know know know know know know know like is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, um um um um um um um um um um um you know you know I mean um um you know um and we run run run run run run run run run run UK salon owners today. We're here we're here we're here we're here we're here we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're here we're here we're here we're here we're here to give you a I I I I I I I I I I mean okay so I mean so I mean like so so first episode of Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that I mean like like like like like like like like like like like well well okay okay like well focus of us have heard over the years years years years years years years years years years of working with salon owners you know okay like so okay okay um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh and every Tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of of of of of of of of of of the funny stories so so like like well well like um uh you guys Us Us Us Us Us Us Us Us Us Us so if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and um I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know well uh so well okay we'll give you the the the the the the the the the the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh like uh um like who's telling the first story? I will will will will will will will will will will start with my first two because these um you know well I mean well you know um um um um um um um um um um um so are the these are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called called called called called called called called called called uh you know you know uh I mean okay I mean okay well three three three three three three three three three three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful um um um um um um um um um um well okay okay uh I mean I mean well like boys and this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is our journey that we took to bring well so uh okay um you know know know know know know know know know know well like well them home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're blessed with our three boys, uh well you know well uh um um um um um um um um um um I mean uh like and this is Journey so I decided to do this this this this this this this this this this podcast mostly because Every like um uh so you know well you know um um um um um um um um um um uh day almost every day. I get I get I get I get I get get get get get get get get get get I get I get I get I get I get a text message from from from from from from from from from from somebody that says uh uh okay okay like like okay so well hey, I I I I I I I I I I have a friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care like like like like like like like like like like so uh like well okay uh I mean you know if I send them them them them them them them them them them your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey um you know know know know know know know know know know okay you know like okay uh uh so so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um um okay like uh um this segment is all all all all all all all all all all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind okay I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean like well you know um so. I do study study study study study study study study study study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born born born born born born born born born born you know well uh well um like like okay well in a western country, you're probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if okay I mean um um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean you know like you simply Google the difference between Western Western Western Western Western Western Western Western Western Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth I mean I mean okay I mean so so so so so so so so so so I mean like okay so of information on the internet. And so if if if if if if if if if if You were to nakshatras a way to put you know I mean um um um um um um um um um um um I mean well uh uh well it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original original original original original original original original original original podcast. I'm Robin ups, I mean uh so so I mean like you know well I I I I I I I I I I mean but I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin grin grin grin grin grin grin grin grin grin and the you know okay uh you know um uh like like well self-styled bad boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and I mean you know know know know know know know know know know like um okay okay you know um like mr. D'andr Alpha. All right right right right right right right right right right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know like like you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well well you know so um Lori mcmenamy's I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager so so like like I I I I I I I I I I mean you know you know uh like in the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's Taylor's Taylor's Taylor's Taylor's Taylor's Taylor's Taylor's Taylor's Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick okay like I mean well you know um well well um um um um um um um um um um on or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal you know know know know know know know know know know you know well um well uh so like so all-around good guy. This is is is is is is is is is is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about uh okay I mean so I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so you know you know celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show show show show show show show start brushing like you know I mean I mean well like well like so so so so so so so so so so on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each each each each each each each each each each like so like you know so well so like okay T3. It's heroines week week week week week week week week week week where every day we tell you the story of a heroic woman you know know know know know know know know know know well like like you know well you know um so from history. Today's heroic today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's heroic today's heroic today's heroic today's heroic today's heroic today's heroic today's heroic today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's heroic today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers be treated fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly fairly by the like you know um well uh I mean well okay like people. They They They They They They They They They They work for the Laura sweat that grew up in California and a family uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um okay I mean uh so well you know with Mexican heritage heritage heritage heritage heritage heritage heritage heritage heritage heritage. Dolorous. His father worked on a farm helping to pick um I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh okay so uh like the fruits and vegetables. Their family family family family family family family family family family didn't have much money, but Dolores was a so um okay like well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean like smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a a a a a a a a a a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt shalt shalt shalt shalt shalt shalt shalt shalt shalt not um uh I mean so like I mean you know so okay covet covet covet covet covet covet covet covet covet covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor anything um um um um um um um um um um uh well well well okay well um um that is his These two Commandments Commandments Commandments Commandments Commandments Commandments Commandments Commandments Commandments Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews nevertheless in you know so okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um you know I mean so part. They also they also they also also also also also also also also also also they also they also they also they also they also they also they they they they they they they they they they also concern us for they do not interpret them as referring um you know well I I I I I I I I I I mean like like um okay uh to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently sufficiently sufficiently sufficiently sufficiently sufficiently sufficiently sufficiently sufficiently sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that you know well um uh like I mean so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so they had kept all those when they had done or not done. The The The The The The The The The The external act I mean okay so um um so so you know well. Therefore God God God God God God God God God God has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed as Sin like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know like you know um I mean um and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and okay you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know you know well well um like where the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We We We We We We We We We We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like you know okay okay so well um well by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in the well so um like uh well um well well well well well well well well well well well short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the the the the the the the the the the prestigious Roald you know um like well I mean so um uh well Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl Dahl. He was he was he was he was he was he was he was was was was was was was was was was he was he was he was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990 1990. He is most um I mean uh I mean you know well like well I mean famously known known known known known known known known known known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He has he has has has has has has has has has has he has he has he has he has he has he has he has he he he he he he he he he he has sold so I mean well well um okay you know uh like over over over over over over over over over over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about the plot Expedition I I I I I I I I I I mean so so well okay uh so well uh begins when Mary Maloney Maloney Maloney Maloney Maloney Maloney Maloney Maloney Maloney Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned from so so so well well well well well well well well well well you know uh I mean like like work. It seemed to be a normal night night night night night night night night night night for mr. Millhone, but he so like you know I mean like okay I I I I I I I I I I mean well um seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say um like like like like like like like like like like um so like I mean okay so okay that you guys have been awesome. Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the I mean I mean you know so so so so so so so so so so so well well you know okay reviews with everything. Now. This is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this this this this this this this this this this is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I wanted to okay so like so so so so so so so so so so I mean I mean um you know I mean do a nice classic Creepypasta Creepypasta Creepypasta Creepypasta Creepypasta Creepypasta Creepypasta Creepypasta Creepypasta Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted you know okay uh well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well so I mean uh to thank everyone again and all the people who commented commented commented commented commented commented commented commented commented commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the two so like like I mean I mean um like like like like like like like like like like you know so guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey they have their opinions I mean um um so uh like okay okay well well well well well well well well well well made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys you guys you you you you you you you you you you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you you you you you you you you you you guys have been amazing. I've been like you know okay um I mean so so so so so so so so so so uh okay uh working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So So So So So So So So So So a so a so a so a so a so a so a so a so so so so so so so so so so a so a good five months almost or you know like okay you know know know know know know know know know know um okay well uh okay more than five months. I'm not really sure but but but but but but but but but but I think I need to I mean uh like well well well you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. It's me um um like I mean like so you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk to to to to to to to to to to mr. Munsch. Hey I hey I hey I hey I hey I hey I hey I hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey I hey I hey I mean okay so you know well you know know know know know know know know know know okay I mean okay everybody and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging ranging ranging ranging ranging ranging ranging ranging ranging ranging from bulldozers. Hey move so uh I mean uh like I mean so well like like like like like like like like like like dirt that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so so so so so so so so so so like well like you know okay um you know okay I mean scary Goodwin Goodwin Goodwin Goodwin Goodwin Goodwin Goodwin Goodwin Goodwin Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks okay, folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks okay, folks okay, folks okay, folks okay, folks okay, folks okay, folks okay, folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks folks okay, folks enjoy this um okay well I mean I mean well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like well episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been what's been what's been what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's been what's been what's been what's been what's been what's been what's been on your mind? mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get pet get pet get pet get pet get pet get pet get pet get pet get pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might might might might might might might might might might have well you know okay like well uh I mean well so been responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson you know know know know know know know know know know you know like you know you know I mean I mean um I mean. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so uh um um like you know um I mean back. Once again. We're on we're on on on on on on on on on on we're on we're on we're on we're on we're on we're on we're on we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around you know uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean okay um like well I mean another episode season 3 episode 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little well well um well well like I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean um bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason. We're um we're um we're um we're um we're um we're um we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're um we're um we're um we're um well well you know well like like like like like like like like like like like you know like back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey want hey want hey want hey want hey want hey want hey want hey want want want want want want want want want want hey want hey want to give I mean you know uh uh well well well well well well well well well well okay I mean okay like a shout out to all you listening to the the the the the the the the the the podcast. Thanks. We actually um you know I mean so okay like I I I I I I I I I I mean uh well have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this this this this this this this this this this and we were like you know um you know okay so you know I I I I I I I I I I mean like like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative Creative Creative Creative Creative Creative Creative Creative Creative Creative outlet and okay um like I mean okay okay well well I mean we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh you know okay I mean uh so okay people reach out out out out out out out out out out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things okay you know know know know know know know know know know um you know I mean uh uh um um for the first time. So So So So So So So So So So thanks for caring if you want to send us an okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so I mean I mean so um email where he would love to to to to to to to to to to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so uh okay uh uh um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um you know far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose its rose its rose its rose its rose its rose its rose rose rose rose rose rose rose rose rose rose its rose its rose its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here here here here here here I'm here I'm here to tell well so you know you know well well well well well well well well well well well okay like I mean you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's uh uh I mean I mean okay I mean okay like so the the the the the the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean um well well uh I mean um you know um that allow you you you you you you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will will will will will will will will will will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will uh um uh like you know well uh um well distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast um podcast um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast um podcast um podcast um podcast um podcast um podcast um podcast um podcast um um um um um um um um um um I mean so okay okay you know like like like and many more you you you you you you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's like um um you you you you you you you you you you know like okay like okay you know everything you need to make a podcast in in in in in in in in in in one place. Download the free anchor app or okay you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so um so um like go to Anchored on FM to get started started started started started started started started started started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted uh you know okay okay well like uh okay like to take a brief moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment moment today to let you know about the easiest uh you know so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know I mean well okay way possible to start your very very very very very very very very very very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are um uh um so you you you you you you you you you you know um like well I mean actually having a service to host and distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute the show as well as software to record each I mean well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like I mean like like I mean episode for the longest time. I actually paid paid paid paid paid paid paid paid paid paid money to host the packet a podcast um uh well uh like okay I mean so well well well well well well well well well well and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as you you you you you you you you you you know you know like uh uh like um so well I tried to record but but but but but but but but but but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record like like you know I I I I I I I I I I mean so I mean like uh you know host and Ribbit our podcast for free free free free free free free free free free either from my computer tablet or uh well like okay uh like well well okay cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean you know I mean like uh like I mean like with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean you know okay well I mean be serious about using using using using using using using using using using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting like uh um um um um um um um um um um I mean so uh okay well you know topic. We're going to be talking about about about about about about about about about about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin um like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean like so like eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / so so so like so like uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live live live live live live live live live live stream / podcast you know well like you know I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you know like well guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I I I I I I I I I I want I want I want to thank you so um you know um well well well well well well well well well well like uh you know uh. As if as if as if as if as if if if if if if if if if if as if as if as if as if as if you're listening on a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This This This This This This This This This This is episode okay like uh um um okay well okay like 48 baby. We're almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so okay you know like like like like like like like like like like okay like like you know I mean so so blessed to be here to to to to to to to to to to be an instrument of service to like um I mean so so you know well well well well well well well well well well you know uh all of you. We're instruments of service to all of you you you you you you you you you you and this is episode so like you know okay you know okay well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay 48 and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his his his his his his his his his his favorite uh uh so so you know okay well uh I mean subjects. You can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't have both you have to make a choice. So I so I so I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't can't wait well okay like so like okay like well so to get started. This is is is is is is is is is is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode uh so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like um um uh 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real real real real real real real real real real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at the age so I mean like like like like like like like like like like well well um uh I mean so of 18 over the last four years years years years years years years years years years have built plenty of other businesses well so well like so so well like I I I I I I I I I I mean along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and and and and and and and and and and blessed to like okay you know um I mean uh you know um uh be be be be be be be be be be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I well you know know know know know know know know know know okay you know like um like okay so want to thank you for for for for for for for for for for your support and listening to each episode and I um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh I mean like like um hope you enjoy this one. If you you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make like uh well you know know know know know know know know know know uh okay I mean uh you know podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit so okay um okay like like um so so so so so so so so so so I mean your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I so I so I mean well okay um um um um um um um um um um um like like uh so you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcast and many more you I mean uh uh uh I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you you you you you you you you you you need to make a you know like I mean I mean okay you know know know know know know know know know know so well like successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM FM to get started like well I mean so uh you know like you know know know know know know know know know know so at every touch point of you doing business with your customers give them them them them them them them them them them 10 um I mean uh I mean well you know um like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh times the value that they expect will comes to mind is my book well um you you you you you you you you you you know well like like like I mean okay The Five AM Club. I spent I I I I I I I I I I spent I spent I spent I spent I spent I spent I spent I spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent spent I spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote you know okay I I I I I I I I I I mean like uh well okay well so it over 50 times every line line line line line line line line line line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this this this this this this this this this this is your you know you know well um you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and and and and and and and and and and I'm okay so okay I mean well like uh uh so the lead portfolio manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was going like well well well well well well well well well well well uh like well okay um uh to be about our investment in United Technologies, but but but but but but but but but but a bunch of things that so uh well uh uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio portfolio portfolio portfolio portfolio portfolio portfolio portfolio portfolio portfolio update episode. Obviously, you obviously, you obviously, you obviously, you obviously, you obviously, you you you you you you you you you you obviously, you obviously, you obviously, you obviously, you know uh I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean um like like okay well we have the coronavirus and how we're managing managing managing managing managing managing managing managing managing managing our portfolio to talk about We've got Bob well you know you know like like like like like like like like like like okay um uh okay okay Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have have have have have have have have have have into its seven billion dollar so um I mean I mean okay okay um like like purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast for those those those those those those those those those those of um I mean okay well like like so I mean um limb Bush and and and and and and and and and and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Management, LLC and SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC SEC okay so so like I mean I mean well I mean uh registered investment advisor advisor advisor advisor advisor advisor advisor advisor advisor advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts as well as you know know know know know know know know know know you know okay uh um I mean okay well you know to mutual fund clients clients clients clients clients clients clients clients clients clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the so well um um um um um um um um um um well okay okay I mean um you know mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known also known also known also known also known also known also known known known known known known known known known known also known also known also known as in the house. Are those guys just just just just just just just just just just follow up. They said that um uh you know like well well um okay um when when when when when when when when when when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay I mean I mean uh like well I mean to start running after after after after after after after after after after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean uh uh okay well us. I don't know. I I I I I I I I I I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe I mean well so you you you you you you you you you you know you know well like so uh that there is this life we can can can can can can can can can can live that that's just a little bit further so like uh uh well you know know know know know know know know know know well you know well than where we are that if we get enough power power power power power power power power power power we can we uh so um you know uh okay so okay like can live this this this this this this this this this this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about this this this this this this this this this this you know you know I mean so you know I mean so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined disciplined okay so um I mean like you know I mean um like enough in in in in in in in in in in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life. Then maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe then maybe then maybe then maybe then maybe then maybe then maybe then then then then then then then then then then maybe then maybe then maybe you know I mean so uh um like um um um um um um um um um um you know I mean I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of of of of of of of of of of its wild into us it okay so like you know um I mean well well well well well well well well well well um I mean was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is is is is is is is is is based you know I mean okay uh uh like okay okay well on the devote 3-6-5 Volume Volume Volume Volume Volume Volume Volume Volume Volume Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House well okay you know um I I I I I I I I I I mean well um I mean well and youth Ministries websites. It is it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it is it is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow well well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know okay like uh like I mean in your personal relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your you know um um um um um um um um um um well okay so um so I mean I mean daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change change change change change change change change change change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through um I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh I mean so well 3. So all the congregation lifted up their their their their their their their their their their voices and cried and the people wept that uh so uh okay okay uh like like like like like like like like like like like um night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and and and and and and and and and and Aaron and the whole um so well um um okay like I mean um um um um um um um um um um congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean um I mean okay so like so know that our podcast is is is is is is is is is is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard like uh I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you know well well well so about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free you know I mean uh I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean you know um I mean. There's creation tools that that that that that that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you know uh um um um um um um um um um um um I mean like so well you know from your phone or computer. I'm doing this this this this this this this this this this ad from my phone as we like uh I mean um well like well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well speak. Anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry your sorry your your your your your your your your your your sorry your podcast for you. So it can be I mean well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh um uh um well heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can can can can can can can can can can make money from your podcast well I mean okay uh you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I evidently, I evidently, I evidently, I I I I I I I I I I evidently, I evidently, I evidently, I evidently, I evidently, I evidently, I I I I I I I I I I can't talk. It's everything you need to uh like um you know you know um um um um um um um um um um um well uh make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot so so so so okay okay okay so okay. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started now back to the the the the the the the the the the show. Wash up you know I mean I mean well I mean you know uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat for episode 96 today over an hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour hour so well well well you know uh like um well of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the the the the the the the the the the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy uh I mean you know like okay you you you you you you you you you you know I mean you know okay. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the the the the the the the the the the you know you know I mean uh uh so uh so okay ups and and and and and and and and and and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a well okay like like like like like like like like like like like you know okay you know uh like little bit of fun then you may may may may may may may may may may have just found what you're looking for okay uh like like um you know know know know know know know know know know um you know um. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of of of of of of of of of of it show. I'm your okay you know um I mean well okay well you you you you you you you you you you know you know host Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your your your your your your your your your your parenting partner as a so like okay you know okay um so so okay mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that so uh so so so so so so so so so so like like so you know okay you know and heard it all trust me, they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand uh um like well you know like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean well. I created this podcast because I just love to to to to to to to to to to help moms like you find ways okay um so okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay uh to navigate life in the thick of it and find find find find find find find find find find a way out of I mean you know you know well okay so um um um um um um um um um um you know like it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes writes writes writes writes writes writes writes writes writes after you know I mean you know so okay well okay um uh they get out out out out out out out out out out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes and how so like so like um um um um um um um um um um you know well uh uh they wish school and taught them to do their their their their their their their their their their taxes. And why didn't somebody teach you know uh you know well well like well well well well well well well well well well uh so them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called called called called called called called called called called it's called it's called it's called it's called it's called it's called it's called it's called called called called called called called called called called it's called basic math in okay um well well well uh well well um first first first first first first first first first first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add and subtract numbers okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know well uh like uh you know so. That's how that's how how how how how how how how how how that's how that's how that's how that's how that's how that's how that's how how how how how how how how how how that's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you add some um um um um um um um um um um okay like I mean um I mean uh uh well together, you subtract some the the the the the the the the the the Part about that is you were taught how to um I mean um uh you know know know know know know know know know know you know well so okay follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper. You were you were you were you were you were you were you were you you you you you you you you you you were you were you were supposed to read them uh so um well like like like like like like like like like like well um um well. You read those directions and you follow them. So you so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so you were taught that in school uh you know okay like like so um um um um um um um um um um okay um that was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions and and and and and and and and and and do simple I mean I mean like you know um so like you know you know know know know know know know know know know math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It just means that you you you you you you you you you you can't like well uh um well I mean you know you know uh do simple math math math math math math math math math math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners like uh uh I mean well well like well like may find offensive. Listener discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small um so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean well okay so wooden frame of the Leeds house house house house house house house house house house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within I mean uh well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know you know I mean uh like and echoed into the darkness of New New New New New New New New New New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor so well uh like um um um um um um um um um um so okay so you know with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone who lived nearby whispered that um like like so um like well I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs pairs pairs pairs pairs pairs pairs pairs pairs pairs of eyes that watched you know like I mean uh well like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide provide for another this labor like okay so so so so okay well well well well well well well well well well well was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week Week Week Week Week Week Week Week Week Week fashion Week fashion Week fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the the the the the the the the the the Fashion Week baby. The okay the okay the okay the okay the okay the okay the the the the the the the the the the okay the okay the okay the okay well like you know um like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as as as as as as as as as as I know his mother um well I mean uh you know I mean well well well well well well well well well well so uh since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story story story story story story story story story story okay uh uh so well uh you know so I mean right last weekend. I went went went went went went went went went went I went I went I went I went I went I went I went I went went went went went went went went went went I went back home to dinner right then. My mom my mom my mom my mom my my my my my my my my my my mom my mom my mom my mom my mom my mom asked me okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so you know well um I mean you know so a son you are are are are are are are are are are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a okay uh you you you you you you you you you you know okay uh like I mean um I mean very bad son all this this this this this this this this this this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this you know well so you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh so well I mean podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real real real real real real real real real real season 3 able Way episode uh you know so um well like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well uh 31 3 a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like like like like like like like like like like the so like well you know well uh I mean well um number for all neighs neighs neighs neighs neighs neighs neighs neighs neighs neighs now today. We have we have we have we have we have we have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have a very special guest now. I I I I I I I I I I know I mean uh uh uh uh I mean well uh okay it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh uh you know um so well I mean I'm going to see see see see see see see see see see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in sitting in sitting in in in in in in in in in in sitting in sitting in sitting in sitting in sitting in sitting in sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting in my hotel getting like uh um so so okay okay well like ready to to to to to to to to to to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a like well um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean like so um well had a thought want to get out out out out out out out out out out of my brain. Working on working on working on working on working on on on on on on on on on on working on working on working on working on working on some you know um okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um you know like well you know functioning on fumes these days, but but but but but but but but but but I wanted to get this out well okay like well uh okay okay um um um um um um um um um um um there. Had someone had someone had someone had someone had someone had someone had someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone someone had someone had someone had someone message me on one of my social channels channels channels channels channels channels channels channels channels channels about you know, struggling okay okay so well you know okay okay uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay with a decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to to to to to to to to to to okay like so so I mean uh well okay you know get into RN school school school school school school school school school school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and and and and and and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We We We We We We We We We We are doing episode well uh well uh so um okay um so 2. First First First First First First First First First First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't like so um well well well well well well well well well well like like like so well do that last time. My name my name my name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name is is is is is is is is is is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and well well okay like okay uh I I I I I I I I I I mean like like I'm kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi. So I'm like I mean you know like I mean okay um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean Andre and with bedre, I am an actor. And I would say say say say say say say say say say I'm I would um you know I mean um like um so so so so so so so so so so so you know classify myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist artist artist artist artist artist artist artist artist artist. We so um uh okay I mean well um well you know are are are are are are are are are are all about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I you you you you you you you you you you know um you know you know uh uh you know okay I mean am an actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing like you know know know know know know know know know know like you know well like well like okay. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video video video video video video video video video video like um um so um okay well like so series. It's your boy Sasha Sasha Sasha Sasha Sasha Sasha Sasha Sasha Sasha Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off well I mean well okay well well well well well well well well well well well okay well so. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market market market market market market market market market market and World. It has been uh well um like um I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know well it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of so you know like well um uh so you know like like like like like like like like like like the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh well I mean you know uh okay you know gone up significantly. So let let let let let let let let let let me break through those purrs with you because I like like uh so so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay I mean think that's actually really interesting last week on the episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was was was was was was was was was was I was I was talking about okay you know I mean uh um you you you you you you you you you you know you know like well how Luca don't you just base prison PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, so now, so now, so now, so now, so so so so so so so so so so now, so now, so now, so now, so now, so uh so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know okay okay like okay this was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have have have have have have have have have have been $450 $450 and um okay um I mean okay like uh um like like like like like like like like like like $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your so you you you you you you you you you you know you know uh like like uh so I mean host any pain fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now um uh you know know know know know know know know know know you know so uh well so I mean dude, I'm so pumped right now now now now now now now now now now here with me. We have a we have well you know okay well um you you you you you you you you you you know so well like g hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job job job job job job job job job job Mateo. Yeah, like like so well okay okay well well you know and he got Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third like I mean um um um um um um um um um um um you know okay you know uh you know Imperium Asheville played podcast with the the the the the the the the the the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean uh so you know well for now and until eternity now long long long long long long long long long long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant like I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know um you know so you know a Terran. I'm a Bailey. I'm playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean uh I mean you know okay um you know John I'm playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing playing Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners before so like you know okay I mean um you know like like we get get get get get get get get get get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor um you you you you you you you you you you know I mean like I mean like so okay uh. Anchor if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay well you know well you know you know free. It's doesn't cost any any any any any any any any any any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation tools that so like so so so so so so so so so so so okay um like I mean uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from your phone and computer makes okay I mean like so like well so I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can can can can can can can can can can be heard. On Spotify you know so okay um like I mean um um so so so so so so so so so so Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum um um um um um um um um um um well like um okay you know I mean um like listenership and it's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast right in one place I mean um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well I mean okay I mean like you know download the free a tinker app app app app app app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get uh okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean okay so um started. I don't know. Yeah, that that that that that that that that that that works. That was good. Remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's remember, remember, remember, remember, remember, remember, remember, remember, remember, remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there there there there there there there there there there yet. And we definitely just want uh you know well you know um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay okay to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so so so so so so so so so so much love. It uh it uh it uh it uh it uh it uh it it it it it it it it it it uh it uh it uh it uh you know okay uh you know um um um um um um um um um um like um uh was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about about about about about about about about about about today's so okay uh like uh um well like okay topic. Which is which is my my my my my my my my my my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I asking well you know uh I I I I I I I I I I mean okay um well uh I mean like what in the world does not even even even even even even even even even even know like what is my I mean um you know um uh you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um insecurities having xiety? Well, there's well, there's well, there's well, there's well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, there's well, there's well, there's well, there's well, there's well, there's a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of topics that go under insecurities I mean well well I mean okay you know so so so so so so so so so so so so and I feel like a lot of people kind of take that that that that that that that that that that in just well like uh well okay I mean you know I mean so one way which which which which which which which which which which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what like like like like like like like like like like okay I mean well um you know um um uh you do compared to to to to to to to to to to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for for for for for for for for for for well you know well um so you know you know well um the come come come come come come come come come come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean you know okay well I mean uh I mean like so. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode uh um like um so like like like like like like like like like like you know so so is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom mom uses to make this podcast. If I if I if I if I if I I I I I I I I I I if I if I if I if I if I mean okay you know well well well well well well well well well well so so I mean like so you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy way to start podcasting. Anchor is um so uh I mean like so so so I I I I I I I I I I mean free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you to to to to to to to to to to record and well well like you know um I mean you know um you know know know know know know know know know know edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also distribute your your your your your your your your your your podcast um so uh you know so um uh like like for you. So it can can can can can can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and I mean you know uh you know like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know like many more podcast platforms. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need need need need need need need need need need to make a podcast all in um you know okay you know um um um um um um um um um um you know okay so I mean one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a a a a a a a a a a Pratap FM to get like okay so you know I mean so like like like like like like like like like like like well started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh well um like uh well so well through a kemetic meditation. So the the the the the the the the the the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying like okay okay okay you you you you you you you you you you know I mean well uh you know down on your back with your your your your your your your your your your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can like you know well well so so so so so so so so so so okay um okay like also do this in a seated position. If you are are are are are are are are are are sitting you want to you know so you know well um well I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall wall if you know you know okay um um so I mean I mean well well well well well well well well well well you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have your your your your your your your your your your so uh like I mean like uh okay like I mean feet Flat Flat Flat Flat Flat Flat Flat Flat Flat Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once you find you you you you you you you you you you know like so you know so like like I mean so either you're sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you to find your uh well well well well well well well well well well uh um uh uh well okay you know navel. So with your thumbs identify your your your your your your your your your your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like okay I mean well I mean well well well top now let the the the the the the the the the the buzz. What is what is what is what is what is what is what is what what what what what what what what what what is what is what is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back back back back back back back back back back to our dare okay well like uh like so I mean I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean me after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 fog of well so well so um so so okay uh War. This is is is is is is is is is is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well you know well you know you know well and we have so much much much much much much much much much much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I I mean you know know know know know know know know know know you know like okay I mean uh so well am joined by two amazing panelists tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's um um you know um like well well well well well well well well well well so okay well up guys and to her left. We have we have we have have have have have have have have have have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have a a a a a a a a a a moon a hello winning in you know um well you know um so you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited to to to to to to to to to to do the well well like I mean you know um like okay okay adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay like like okay I mean okay uh in the middle right guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, what did you think of this episode? This was so I mean well um so um um um um um um um um um um so like like well emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a a a a a a a a a a church Boy well I mean I mean uh uh so so well uh chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and um well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay so okay okay I mean okay today you get the pleasure of getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting getting to know cat more. Oh cat uh um um um like I mean like you you you you you you you you you you know you know is so great. I just want to let you know that she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's she's one of the most uh um you know you know you know I mean well okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like loving and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick so you know uh okay uh um you know you know you know learner. Her Her Her Her Her Her Her Her Her Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean you know so I mean you know like I mean I mean knows. My My My My My My My My My My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures well well well well well well well well well well so okay like like okay well I mean um the best because full disclosure. This This This This This This This This This This is the third time when you're trying my section and you know so like like like like like like like like like like so well I mean you know okay well this is gonna be the the the the the the the the the the winner. Whoo. Okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, you you you you you you you you you you okay, you okay, you okay, you know like to keep it like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean well okay so okay real here on trees Boy chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real real real real real real real real real real you know I mean okay well um well okay like okay quick was just just just just just just just just just just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like like you know you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean okay uh you know like you that much much much much much much much much much much yet. Are you are you are you are you are you are you are are are are are are are are are are you are you are you are you reading the same know you always you always always always always always always always always always always you I mean um um you know okay uh you know well okay always had live live live live live live live live live live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew so uh okay so so so so so so so so so so so okay uh like like had cast all about couples and the things they go go go go go go go go go go through we are excited for today's episode well okay well so you know like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know okay. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to to to to to to to to to to clarify what it is. When well um I mean well so I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages Languages Languages Languages Languages Languages Languages Languages Languages Languages So today, we're you know okay um I mean uh okay like I mean like like like like like like like like like like going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and why we think uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well I mean well okay well I mean like they're important. But before we we we we we we we we we we get into it, if you guys wouldn't mind writing like okay you know like I I I I I I I I I I mean so well well you know the show and subscribing to it on on on on on on on on on on whatever platform you're listening that uh okay so like okay you know I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback as well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are how are are are are are are are are are are how are how are how are how are how are how are how how how how how how how how how how are how are uh I mean uh like I mean you know like you you you you you you you you you you know like you? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been been been been been been been been been been it's I mean um well like so okay so you know okay been been been been been been been been been been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean well well I mean you know um recorded this this this this this this this this this this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean so like so well you know um well actually hints to everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded you know okay so um um um um um um um um um um um so so you know uh after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have have have have have have have have have have our guests on a little bit earlier like well well I mean so so so so so so so so so so so I mean so like this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the the the the the the the the the the way that you know, like uh so okay so so like so you know this this this this this this this this this this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro after after after after after after after after after after like uh you know well so you know like you know like we we we we we we we we we we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this you know you you you you you you you you you you know so so so well so uh um snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So it just the way it uh um I mean okay so you know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean well works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up up up up up up up up up up this last step the set this I mean so I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you know uh um you know um guess we didn't have time to yeah. But But But But But But But But But But anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, but anyways, but anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our our our our our our our our our our new podcast hosting service you know okay you know you know well I I I I I I I I I I mean um uh well and they make things so simple. It's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a One-Stop shop when it comes to um uh you know okay well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay okay Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcast okay uh um you know um you know okay uh uh. You name name name name name name name name name name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top of that uh you know know know know know know know know know know like I mean so well you know um well. They have editing tools baked right into into into into into into into into into into the website makes life so much simpler back uh like so okay like um like like like like like like like like like like um you know when I started podcasting. It was it was it was it was was was was was was was was was was it was it was it was it was it was it was an an an an an an an an an an entire to do you had to know how um well well okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay um well uh to record it where to record it how to upload it pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay for the hosting did so you know I mean um um um you know so so so so so so so so so so um I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with advertisers uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know so um well like okay so well so that you can make make make make make make make make make make money download the anchor app or go to Anchor like well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean well uh uh well so dot. F m-- to get started. You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster uh okay like well like like well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash slash Kyle Dempster Studios, um you know um okay uh you know you know so um you you you you you you you you you you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want want want want want want want want want want to well okay so okay uh I mean uh um um hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short short short short short short short short short short I mean you know you know okay so you know okay okay well well well well well well well well well well favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh um well well um well written and I'm about to release head on on on on on on on on on on over to my website at the anxious uh well uh so uh well I mean so so so so so so so so so so like truth.com books there. You can learn about both books one of which which which which which which which which which which is free and well so um okay you know so I mean I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released released released released released released released released released released so so you know um well okay uh okay you know and how you you you you you you you you you you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's okay, let's get uh um like uh um I mean um um okay rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth truth Welcome to you know you know I mean um uh you know okay uh like like like like like like like like like like episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get get get get get get get get get get to uh you know uh like well you know okay so uh a hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the um uh so so so so so so so so so so you know uh okay you know like okay hundredth episode. I don't know if if if if if if if if if if it's going to work out but I'm trying but so so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well I mean uh uh I mean that's good. It's going to be in a a a a a a a a a a couple of weeks. So I'm going uh you know so so uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This This This This This This This This This This okay this okay this okay this okay this okay this okay this okay this okay this this this this this this this this this this okay this okay you know um like uh uh okay okay um is is is is is is is is is is fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And And And And And And And And And And now here's like you know so uh well uh okay like um your host host host host host host host host host host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so well well like so so so to speculate. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your your your your your your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer I mean well uh so well well well well well well well well well well well like okay you know Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you you you you you you you you you you were sick last for the last episode. That's I mean so okay uh like like like like like like like like like like so so so um right. Yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because in the grand scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme scheme of things we recorded it's actually been a I mean well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay so like you know while since we like sat here to do and episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 2 because we recorded well you know uh okay I mean well um well you you you you you you you you you you know so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice little well okay uh uh like uh like well so break in between and now now now now now now now now now now we have to catch up and record one like like like like so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean okay like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay though. I love this uh so uh okay okay well I mean I mean um show show show show show show show show show show. I love I love I love I love I love I love I love I I I I I I I I I I love I love I love this show. I want this show. I hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope everyone in the okay so well well um um you know like like world listens listens listens listens listens listens listens listens listens listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a well well so so so so so so so so so so so I mean um um well okay lot of people enjoy it. I hope we we we we we we we we we we keep the topics coming in good um like I mean so okay uh uh so you you you you you you you you you you know thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class class class class class class class class class class is in I mean uh okay so uh okay I mean uh um session and and and and and and and and and and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is episode two you you you you you you you you you you know well okay okay uh um well I mean uh dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So So So So So So So So So So I'm here to give you the scoop on Student I mean um so you know know know know know know know know know know well so I mean so well Life at Denison University. I have two new new new new new new new new new new guests writing me this week to you know okay I mean you know um um um um um um um um um um like um okay um chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys. Hi. You to I mean I mean uh you know so like I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean well introduce yourselves. My name my name my name my name my name name name name name name name name name name my name my name my name my name my name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at at at at at at at at at at Denison. I'm from like well uh um like you know okay like uh Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec board I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh well you know um uh like uh for Outlook our LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator you know like um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean so I mean uh um as well Sun. Hi everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So uh so I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean so well you know like I mean definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon here today with my you know okay like uh okay so um so well well well well well well well well well well friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were I were were were were were were were were were were I were I were I were I were I were I were I were were were were were were were were were were I were Dolph today is Brock so well like well so so uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard hard for uh uh you know okay well like you know I mean um me me me me me me me me me me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey. It you you you you you you you you you you know so uh you know you know like you know okay well has become become become become become become become become become become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could um like um like like like like like like like like like like so so like well like have imagined from the beginning when we set out out out out out out out out out out to do this. Now before now before now before now before now before now before before before before before before before before before before now before now before now before now before we okay like well okay well so so so so so so so so so so you know uh I mean go any further. We must tell you we have have have have have have have have have have to correct the time. Me you me you me you me you me you you you you you you you you you you me you me you me you me you me you know okay well okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um well well uh of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the the the the the the the the the the fact that America okay like um okay uh like okay I mean okay was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your your your your your your your your your your okay you know well well I mean so okay like okay personal development one tip tip tip tip tip tip tip tip tip tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also like you know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean you know so you know uh I mean is our next next next next next next next next next next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he um well um okay um um um um um um um um um um so okay well okay is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I I I I I I I I I I would the mission of I mean so you know so you know like you you you you you you you you you you know um um the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need need need need need need need need need need they need they need they need they need they need they need they need they they they they they they they they they they need they need to live with courage well okay like so like so so so so so so so so so so I mean um well and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said said said said said said said said said said it would in the you know I mean you know um like well okay you you you you you you you you you you know you know interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to to to to to to to to to to Alex's Mission well so uh you know well I mean well I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises promises promises promises promises promises promises promises promises promises only you know I mean I mean like you know I mean uh okay uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh when we mean them have a listen. So if so if so if so if if if if if if if if if if so if so if so if so if so if so if you look look look look look look look look look look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise you know like so you know like so I I I I I I I I I I mean so uh is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something something something something something something something something something something will certainly I mean like like well I mean um well so um happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised I mean uh like I mean well well like okay so. I guess there was a a a a a a a a a a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that I well I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean like so I mean I mean like okay had a surprise birthday party, but I I I I I I I I I I kind of got stiffed it out a little bit okay well I mean well uh so so so so so so so so so so uh like okay the day up. But for but for but for but for but but but but but but but but but but for but for but for but for but for but for the most part part part part part part part part part part very few things surprise me. It okay so like uh so so so like well well well well well well well well well well is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt have have have have have have have have have have felt have felt have felt have felt have felt have felt have felt have felt have have have have have have have have have have felt here towards the end you know uh I mean um okay uh like like like like like like like like like like you know um of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 following following following following following following following following following following it says you know so well like I mean I mean okay like like like like like like like like like like I mean this and the evening of that first day of the week week week week week week week week week week when the like like so so um well um okay so disciples were together with with with with with with with with with with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus uh jesus uh jesus uh jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus uh jesus uh jesus uh jesus uh jesus uh jesus uh jesus uh uh you you you you you you you you you you know um um okay like like you know came and stood among them and and and and and and and and and and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is this Is this Is this Is this Is this Is this Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is this Is this Is this Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of of of of of of of of of of the Belfast Giants for like you know I mean uh I mean I mean like like like like like like like like like like I mean okay Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, 2020, 2020, 2020, 2020, 2020, 2020, 2020, 2020, 2020, my uh uh uh well okay uh so I mean you know name's name's name's name's name's name's name's name's name's name's Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay okay I mean like I mean um um uh a loss in overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we I mean like um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean you know um well used to last number of weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit okay um well I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like uh well I mean of a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we we we we we we we we we we consider a bit of wisdom uh okay uh well so uh you know know know know know know know know know know okay uh from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci a professor of philosophy I mean well okay like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh uh so at the City College of New York, and I will guide you you you you you you you you you you through this reading in I mean you know okay like you know um uh you you you you you you you you you you know um season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief chief got consists in well okay okay um well well okay okay so applying to the conduct of of of of of of of of of of life and knowledge of the working of natural causes well uh so like like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like so you know choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting rejecting rejecting rejecting rejecting rejecting rejecting rejecting rejecting rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so I mean like you know I mean uh to do a a a a a a a a a a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability um you you you you you you you you you you know um well okay you know I mean you know um to to to to to to to to to to carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a I I I I I I I I I I mean so okay like so so um you know well body of water water water water water water water water water water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves so well well I I I I I I I I I I mean um okay uh like I mean as our guy. These consist mostly out of of of of of of of of of of water. People who are connected with his so you know so you know like like like like like like like like like like I mean well so okay water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been been been been been been been been been been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been been been been been been been I've been I've been guided to create this like you know well like so okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh okay um meditation to help people in China to increase their health health health health health health health health health health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, I well, I well, I already know my rant already know my rant of of of of of of of of of of the week you know okay you know like I mean um well well so so so so so so so so so so this week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't I I I I I I I I I I mean well well okay I mean um so okay so watch the show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do so so so so so so so so so so so like uh you know I mean I mean like um with anything we've ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened so you know know know know know know know know know know you know well um I mean I mean like you know to walk in and and and and and and and and and and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching um I mean I I I I I I I I I I mean um like um um you know I mean Love is Blind within within within within within within within within within within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad uh uh well well well well well well well well well well well well you know okay well you know. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had had had had had had had had had had been watching it for the past two I mean well okay like um uh well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay days. We were we were we were we were we were were were were were were were were were were we were we were we were we were we were up till like o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren I mean so you know know know know know know know know know know so like you know well well uh. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, she just she just uh well okay okay so like well uh well spilled spilled spilled spilled spilled spilled spilled spilled spilled spilled her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although Although Although Although Although Although Although Although Although Although um although um although um although um although um although um although um although although although although although although although although although although um although um although um well um um I mean um I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so I do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's a little he just uh okay you know you know uh like um well well well well well well well well well well you know he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but he loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves okay um you know you know um well uh um you know her very much much much much much much much much much much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, all right, all right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee well like so so well I mean well like so with down today. I've got got got got got got got got got got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the you know okay um um um um um um um um um um so so well um okay well session of the copy that thank you for for for for for for for for for for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee first well so like well uh well well well well well well well well well well well well I mean and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where where where where where where where where where where we are I mean so okay I mean uh well um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday and I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've like like I mean like so so I mean uh like got you a a a a a a a a a a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're so we're in this little little little little little little little little little little like uh like uh um like well you know I mean cafe actually not not not not not not not not not not. Okay, there's okay, there's okay, there's okay, there's okay, there's okay, there's okay, there's okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, there's okay, there's okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne Melbourne uh you know uh okay uh you know so like like self American flavor to it it it it it it it it it it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, espresso espresso espresso espresso espresso espresso espresso espresso espresso espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time time time time time time time time time time out of your well like okay okay I mean so you know well like like like like like like like like like like day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to hear about about about about about about about about about about well uh well uh okay okay like well so valuable advice different career career career career career career career career career career paths and discuss investing with our investment team. Please okay um uh well uh so I I I I I I I I I I mean uh uh note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or or or or or or or or or or investment ideas provided in this like you know okay uh um so so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the degroote degroote degroote degroote degroote degroote degroote degroote degroote degroote School of Business or our uh you know uh um I mean like like like like like like like like like like um I mean so partners all career and investment risk is undertaken undertaken undertaken undertaken undertaken undertaken undertaken undertaken undertaken undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about so uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like you know okay um I mean like so the anchor app. If you you you you you you you you you you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make well so like you know I I I I I I I I I I mean well so well okay a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's because it's free. Also, like so like like like like uh um so so so so so so so so so so there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and uh um like like like like like like like like like like uh like well you know well okay edit your podcast right from your your your your your your your your your your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute you know uh uh okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like uh you know you know uh your podcast for you. So it could be be be be be be be be be be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher uh um you know okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean uh you know um or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money money money money money money money money money money from your uh like like like um so um so well podcast and there's no no no no no no no no no no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast so so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean okay uh you know like so okay all in one place? So check check check check check check check check check check out anchor download the anchor app or uh um um you know uh so uh um um um um um um um um um um like check out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you um like well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay well um I mean um right there. So do it, you you you you you you you you you you know, when you do the little like clip or so well um so okay like like like like like like like like like like like I mean I mean whatever just do talk about that for like that like like like like like like like like like like mid break part where you um I mean like like like um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean like put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and and and and and and and and and and then you do the I mean okay you know well I mean uh like like like like like like like like like like uh um thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We've been well like so okay I mean I mean uh um so drinking since since since since since since since since since since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your what's your what's your what's your your your your your your your your your your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your what's your name Charles and uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh like um like well okay uh so I mean I'm Hannah and where'd you you you you you you you you you you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that this time with well well you know so so so so so so so so so so okay so well you know so added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters chapters 5 & 6 well I mean so like um like like like you know know know know know know know know know know of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't remember at this this this this this this this this this this um so uh I mean um you know okay I mean well moment in time, time, time, time, time, time, time, time, time, time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen okay well well I I I I I I I I I I mean you know um well I mean so. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and and and and and and and and and and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and you should drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the strongest um so well uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh well uh okay cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do do do do do do do do do do uh okay um I mean well you know so um so that drunken cynicism cynicism cynicism cynicism cynicism cynicism cynicism cynicism cynicism cynicism that stuff. That's her that's her that's her that's her that's her her her her her her her her her her that's her that's her that's her that's her that's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is is is is is is is is is is Eric. I'm so like um um um well so well uh Sarah. If If If If If If If If If If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you if you if you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed we we we we we we we we we we completed we completed we completed we completed we completed we completed we completed we we we we we we we we we we completed we completed the first I mean okay I mean I mean like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so you know so half of the New York Times 36 questions to to to to to to to to to to make you fall in love I mean you know so uh so okay like like like like like like like like like like I mean so and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take take take take take take take take take take a long time well uh okay so like okay uh like um. So we split split split split split split split split split split it up into two episodes and here we are back you know um well well well well well well well well well well so so uh um um I mean for part 2. All right right right right right right right right right right. So check so check so check so check so check so check so check so so so so so so so so so so check so check so check out that one first. We give well okay uh so so so so so so so so so so I mean um like you know I mean a little bit more context and I think think think think think think think think think think what we've determined is that the well like like you know uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay uh questions are getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into three three three three three three three three three three well well I mean um okay I mean like you know you know sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets. Definitely and we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? uh I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean I mean okay uh uh so well Oh my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I okay um like you know know know know know know know know know know okay you know I mean I mean um don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which which which which which which which which which which yeah, which yeah, which yeah, which yeah, which yeah, which yeah, which yeah, which yeah, which which which which which which which which which which yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, it I mean um um um um um um um um um um so uh well so like like I mean sounds like bopper and yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mouthing um well so so so I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay so I mean the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's one of of of of of of of of of of one of Jack's favorite songs is you know uh okay so um um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so you know that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like like like like like like like like like like like okay like um I mean you know uh like so a real real real real real real real real real real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This like like like like like like like like like like you know um like okay so I mean um I mean is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of of of of of of of of of of the three founders from medical and you our well like uh uh so so so so so so so so so so uh okay okay okay listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a a a a a a a a a a phone call to uh I mean so well so so okay um you know know know know know know know know know know the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear hear a you know well um so I mean you know like well like pitch the the the the the the the the the the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What uh like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know uh well okay well does it pitch sound like before before before before before before before before before before any revenues even before the product is well you know well um well um um um um um um um um um um okay so I mean built in all the founder has is an idea and a gut feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling like um um well so I mean okay well okay that that idea could could could could could could could could could could turn into a big business today on the show. What a um uh like so I I I I I I I I I I mean um um so you know pitch sounds like when all you have are are are are are are are are are are a few scratches on the back so um you know you know know know know know know know know know know so okay uh well um of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet let's meet let's meet let's meet let's meet let's meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet meet let's meet let's meet let's meet let's meet well okay I mean you know know know know know know know know know know so well well so um the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial financial financial financial financial financial financial financial financial financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's my name's my name's my name's name's name's name's name's name's name's name's name's name's my name's my name's my name's my name's my name's my name's Jordan Harper and and and and and and and and and and join so well like so well like so I mean you know with me as as as as as as as as as as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win I mean well well well well well well well well well well like you know like um I mean okay uh and seems to duck out on on on on on on on on on on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you um well like okay well well well well well well well well well well so okay um you know back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good good good good good good good good good good to be here uh uh um I mean I mean like well well you you you you you you you you you you know good to get a win so I can actually record today. So So So So So So So So So So it's pretty good well so um I mean you know so I mean like like like like like like like like like like like pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets it gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets it gets it gets it gets it gets it gets it gets it gets it it it it it it it it it it gets lonely sometimes so so like well uh you know okay you know know know know know know know know know know you know but especially after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by by by by by by by by by by Blake level who's the so like okay um like well so I mean you you you you you you you you you you know host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at at at at at at at at at at Blake level and okay um uh uh well okay uh uh like he he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night and so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh so uh I mean like it's very popular within the SEC basketball community community community community community community community community community community and does a great job of so like uh I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh like um covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are how how how how how how how how how how are how are how are how are how are how are how are how how how how how how how how how how are how are you doing boy? Well, okay um I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like I mean so okay it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record record record record record record record record record record after a win. What about um I mean um I mean like you know uh well well well well well well well well well well like me? I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got got got got got got got got got got I've got I've got I've got a record after a loss here. So So So So So So So So So So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions confessions confessions confessions confessions confessions confessions confessions confessions confessions okay well okay you know you know well like well I mean. Yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this so this so this so this this this this this this this this this this so this so this so this so this so this so this um so so so so so so so so so so so so like like I mean uh like week has been very interesting for me. I also also also also also also also also also also I also I also I also I also I also I also I also I I I I I I I I I I also I also like I've been dealing uh um I mean so well I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so um with some issues one can say towards in terms of anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger anger in terms of when people would I mean um okay you know you know know know know know know know know know know so like like so say like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me me me me me me me me me me to be I mean uh like uh um uh okay so I mean able to to to to to to to to to to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity uh you know so so so so so so so so so so uh like um you know I mean uh that I also have inside. We all all all all all all all all all all go through that I guess so how okay I mean okay uh like uh well well well well well well well well well well uh um deep it does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like like like like like like like like like like yeah, like yeah, like um uh well uh I mean okay um I mean uh it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's something that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be be be be be be be be be be your well so so uh okay okay uh well well host for our daily devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and to so okay you know um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so so so you know renew the title for today's devotional is loud loud loud loud loud loud loud loud loud loud and passionate. And the memory verse is um I mean uh uh so okay like so so so so so so so so so so okay taken from John 7 verse 37. And it and it and it and and and and and and and and and and it and it and it and it and it and it and it says on on on on on on on on on on the last and greatest day okay well like uh uh you know uh like I I I I I I I I I I mean of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let let let let let let let let let let anyone who well you know uh uh you know like I mean you know okay is is is is is is is is is is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to come okay like um like like like like like like like like like like so so so so so to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek Greek text. It is it is it is it is it is it is it it it it it it it it it it is it is it is it is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for for for for for for for for for for Saturday mornings uh um well like I mean well like I mean I mean. There's no no no no no no no no no no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he likes okay like like like like like like like like like like so um okay like okay I mean I mean to get up really really really really really really really really really really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep thinking I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay um um well about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her her her her her her her her her her story is going to resonate with I mean uh um you know well like like like like like like like like like like so you know like so many of you out there. I want you to listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen listen. This one all the um well okay like okay like um um like way through. If If If If If If If If If If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty well at um um um um um um um um um um um so you know you know okay uh like uh the end end end end end end end end end end of this half hour episode this half hour goes by fast. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now. I like um uh well uh well so like um know this sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't please share the episode people need I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean so um like I mean well you know well well to hear her story. They They They They They They They They They They need they need they need they need they need they need they need they need need need need need need need need need need they need they need to hear about her resiliency. They need uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so so like um like to hear about how she weather's so many different storms storms storms storms storms storms storms storms storms storms that have taken place in her like you know well you know you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay okay life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you think write write write write write write write write write write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you you you you you you you you you you about I mean I mean I mean okay uh like um like I mean anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is uh I I I I I I I I I I mean you know I mean okay uh um uh well the easiest way to to to to to to to to to to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are okay uh so so so so so so so so so so so well like you know okay so creation tools that will allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast right from uh uh um um like okay well you know well well well well well well well well well well your phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast well you know uh you know you know well like okay well well well well well well well well well well for you. So you so you so you so you so you so you so so so so so so so so so so you so you so you so you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts Google podcasts and many more uh okay uh well I mean well so um well. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If If If If If If If If If If we well you know okay well so you know okay so like anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, let's you know uh like I mean you know well okay you know I I I I I I I I I I mean go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up you you you you you you you you you you guys? Welcome back to what's uh well you know um I mean well like you you you you you you you you you you know okay on your mind podcast. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is is is is is is this is this is this is this is this is episode number four and and and and and and and and and and it's so crazy to think um so I mean I mean so so you you you you you you you you you you know like well that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess guess what they say about okay well so um so so okay uh well time flies flies flies flies flies flies flies flies flies flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true for like so um like so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean uh well me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the you you you you you you you you you you know uh uh um I mean um um you know you know music Joe. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording recording we're recording we're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah okay so so so so so so so so so so you know I mean okay uh I mean well uh. Yeah do the music for for for for for for for for for for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where okay so you know know know know know know know know know know you know well like okay like um in the show now usually might might might might might might might might might might go we say hello and introduce the like uh like uh okay well you you you you you you you you you you know so so podcast and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review review review review review review review review review review we review we review we review we review we review we review we review we review review review review review review review review review review we review everything we have a guest today. We're you know well um uh I I I I I I I I I I mean uh so you know I mean going to introduce him and let's go. That's right right right right right right right right right right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for yeah for for for for for for for for for for yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like so like so well you know you know uh like. Let me explain it's free free free free free free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and well well I mean you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean um so okay edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or or computer anger will distribute your podcast um um okay okay like so you know know know know know know know know know know so well for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more more more more more more you I mean okay like I mean I mean like you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to I mean uh so uh well well well well well well well well well well you know uh okay okay make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone hello everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to my so um like so you know so so so so so so so so so so like like I mean podcast called condiment morning handicapped. Now this now this now now now now now now now now now now this now this now this now this now this now this now this now now now now now now now now now now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back back back back back back back back back back to well well you know you know like well um I mean um the the the the the the the the the the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you all. Whoo. Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now Now the you know okay okay I mean you know um well you know know know know know know know know know know like Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes. It's been been been been been been been been been been a uh um like I mean I mean I mean like like okay while a long long long long long long long long long long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad to be back back back back back back back back back back. Thank well like um like well I mean okay I mean you know you you you you you you you you you you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so far and don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't well well okay uh so I mean like you know okay forget to And And And And And And And And And And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as far as what like um um um um um um um um um um okay so um like well you know um podcast you would guys would like like like like like like like like like like to hear what topics you'd like us to well like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean so like I mean um discuss. So we are in mind that that that that that that that that that that if you are sending suggestions that uh so okay uh so well so okay you you you you you you you you you you know there that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna just wanna just wanna wanna wanna wanna wanna wanna wanna wanna wanna wanna just wanna just wanna just wanna just wanna just wanna just wanna just wanna Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Just Wanna praise you. It you know like well well like okay um like so so so so so so so so so so was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution execution of well I mean okay uh okay so um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay well okay okay um you know well well with great ideas. Great strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies great strategies great strategies great strategies great strategies great strategies great strategies great great great great great great great great great great strategies great strategies great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours um you know I mean you know I mean like um well so so so so so so so so so so countless efforts of prepare. During creating during creating during creating during creating during creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating creating during creating during creating during creating during creating during creating recreating the till business plan or or or or or or or or or or even set of strategic okay okay so so so well um you know um um um um um um um um um um plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the um you you you you you you you you you you know well okay um uh like so I mean problem is sometimes most of the the the the the the the the the the effort goes to waste why because they don't uh so so like like uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um you know well really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I so I so I so I so I so I so I I I I I I I I I I so I so I so I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My My My My My My My My My My first of I mean well I mean um okay you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean I mean all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So anyway, okay you know I mean okay well so like uh so Mike I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick okay I mean um um um um um um um um um um I mean well like you know I mean like question. Okay. Do you think think think think think think think think think think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking um you know you know know know know know know know know know know um like um so like uh kill you because I was looking in the news news news news news news news news news news. Out of out of out of out of out of out of out of out out out out out out out out out out of out of out of the day that died. Yeah, uh uh you you you you you you you you you you know I mean um uh um like so you fucking doubt. He's fairly he he he he he he he he he he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth um like so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well so um uh like is flat. He said he said he said he he he he he he he he he he said he said he said he said he said he said he said he he he he he he he he he he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He said uh you know uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh I mean okay uh I happen when the rocket took off the parachute parachute parachute parachute parachute parachute parachute parachute parachute parachute went off of it. Like well uh so uh uh I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could could could could could could could could could could have been a uh okay uh uh I mean so like like so fucking idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a uh um okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean so you know like so whole rocket bro. That's like like like like like like like like like like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And And And And And And And And And And today I'm interviewing had girl Izzie um uh I mean well you know know know know know know know know know know like okay um you know Wilson about time management and how she does does does does does does does does does does it. So is he do you find like uh well well okay you you you you you you you you you you know uh you know like it hard to balance time between all the stuff you you you you you you you you you you do? Yes, it's yes, it's yes, it's yes, it's yes, it's yes, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's yes, it's yes, it's yes, it's yes, it's so well um uh so okay I I I I I I I I I I mean well like very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had had had had had had had had had had girl duties, well so I mean okay uh okay you know so okay but but but but but but but but but but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when doing gcses you you you you you you you you you you know I mean I mean so uh um like um I mean and a-levels. So So So So So So So So So So I have some days where I meant to be in three meetings okay um um um um um um um um um um okay I mean I mean well uh well like at once which can can can can can can can can can can be quite challenging. So I do need to have ways of well like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know so uh so uh well getting around that which may involve meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting um um um um okay well well well well well well well well well well so uh so before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host host host host host host host host host host an so I mean so you know like okay uh I mean well EF down down down down down down down down down down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, you know um um um um um um um um um um okay like so you know you know okay well you know, it's from our our our our our our our our our our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you okay uh you know so so so so so so so so so so you know so um like I mean grab a copy of his new album citizen of of of of of of of of of of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted to you know like I mean um um um um um um um um um um so you know you know you know like thank you for your kindness to Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue well like like I mean okay so so so so so so so so so so so you know like to send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate donate donate donate donate donate donate donate donate donate to help them you know um um so so so I mean I mean you know know know know know know know know know know it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my like like like like like like like like like like okay okay you know well so okay you know well favorite the one of of of of of of of of of of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing uh um I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean like um I mean uh I mean okay in our space one of my my my my my my my my my my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a like um um um uh so so so so so so so so so so I mean like so New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last last last last last last last last last last week I mean okay you know uh like uh I mean well I mean if if if if if if if if if if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped we jumped we jumped we we we we we we we we we we jumped we jumped we jumped we jumped we jumped we jumped we jumped right in in in in in in in in in in like well okay okay like so uh um like we haven't caught up in in in in in in in in in in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to to to to to to to to to to proper catch up between good friends. So here's so here's so here's so here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's so here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode I I I I I I I I I I mean well uh you know um so uh okay like 7. I'm a to to to to to to to to to to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are so you know know know know know know know know know know okay okay you know uh okay well um two very close friends of mine as as as as as as as as as as of recent. I met them in college and well well um okay like like you know know know know know know know know know know you know I mean we're all very different people but we get along along along along along along along along along along like great and the thing uh you know I mean I mean uh well well well well well well well well well well um so so is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious religious religious religious religious religious religious religious religious religious backgrounds. Grounds, okay okay well like like okay like like uh we have have have have have have have have have have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if anything I I I I I I I I I I mean uh um I mean like um you know so like that like makes our friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could go like you know okay you you you you you you you you you you know like uh okay you know um ahead and please tell me about your background background background background background background background background background background how which like of course Walter so you know okay okay uh so like like like like like like like like like like you know uh My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very very very very very very very very very very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is is is is is is is is is is Ann Foster. And so uh I mean I mean okay uh so I I I I I I I I I I mean okay this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I I I I I I I I I I made there um so you know okay uh um um you know um be so so so so so so so so so so many words in explaining what it is, but I think I've explained I mean well you you you you you you you you you you know um so so you know uh um it properly in every episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode so far. So in season one, we were uh I mean um I I I I I I I I I I mean okay you know um you know okay looking at women who who made history history history history history history history history history history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of well I mean um so I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean well well okay well like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did did did did did did did did did did murder people this so uh like you know like well you know um well season we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
