6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing like on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard you know. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women from um history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most powerful like female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in Asia well called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons and um could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good you know form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf I mean shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the man on uh the phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation uh for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know I mean Don that you have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but I mean true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am well I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So like true Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the um middle of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse you know division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense for like the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were really um just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two well thousand nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the I mean podcast been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op like view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're well not been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In okay a few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down like the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back to uh April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two games I mean away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or okay opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with I mean a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports events um from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special uh. Listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of um the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark like the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some okay reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting well a little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but like we're going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping like them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've okay opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call from a uh listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the well question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are okay swept that is this If is this the quad point is this or we well getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of a uh stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel just so as you just smack it down six months because I it's been nagging us uh for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough signal um and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time uh before structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I okay think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to you know do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me okay wrong. I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the I mean show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of like proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too um many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how okay to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's you know like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement games I mean or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog uh trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies and um gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, um but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster well Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is I mean someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium. Odium um at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm trying okay to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about like beating a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my like wife. It's because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here like water pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going so to start this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we well just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on okay one. Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this um episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find okay offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969 well. It was a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant you know with forthcoming rain snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with uh oxygen-rich water. It was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood so in the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his you know gaze traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface so something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode so is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part like in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going to be uh speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has infiltrated the okay United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are going to you know give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where you know we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the easiest um way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you know that it's completely you know free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends well Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and so that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where you know we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of going um from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around well the ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six you know years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to uh go through and learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind you know of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life so. It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been you know told I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath uh the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was so powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks um and push it the other way tile friends. If you want to change for better well in this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more uh as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next podcast is I mean really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active Navajo may uh be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on well that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed um a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before uh the trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to uh do with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series like were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families I mean. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and follow me on uh Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and follow as okay well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you miss a week uh Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure that you subscribe well that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family to anyone who okay has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be more than uh happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast like. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast okay. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving well up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think um I think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are imperfect uh like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every single like person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may look like um they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that uh they're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm um gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start you know a podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free I mean app that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an so idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need uh including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from well your phone or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM I mean to get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do in um 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only the you know freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel like. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream okay cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome so to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined by Craig gains I mean Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank you well note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send him off the Earth I mean. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at okay a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of this is you know about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do like see Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about okay some things you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and well be a comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your well mobile device is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home um. You can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel okay far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it um at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish like it. It uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to well and boom. You've got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers well your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth on one so side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we talk okay about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two heroines Helen Keller I mean and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen okay Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was blind you know and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark and quiet so Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she so couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case I mean we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like like that. Yes that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't you know have we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story um because It's part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% okay of it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to tell ya but like the the it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of okay March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video uh games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables uh and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of okay choice. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to okay change the copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard um like Chase Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being like here - out to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man so. Thanks to chase again for yeah step in there. It was it was dope I mean to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber I mean the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as you know he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a like deluge of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding um him of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you well shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears I mean rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will I mean be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words um now his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you I mean so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you so enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that so will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this okay thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get okay you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this well. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case well dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our like first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track uh now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working okay on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit it and well smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy I mean the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor well the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their creation uh tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone so or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it can uh be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you like can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum I mean listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on you know their app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to well Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets okay podcast. We are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here so recording just having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided so that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. My I mean my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City Royals so and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win the BBL um Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals and more I mean. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's segment like is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show so. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But before you know we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm just going well to run give you a rundown of the all the games this weekend and so I will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So first game and the so Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick minute I mean and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, it's like the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain it's uh free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So okay it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make well money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys well it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the okay free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back uh to the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen well to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without you know a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you uh can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users well can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're well listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, like be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on um Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me um. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily so episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello uh of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please you know find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get so cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take this okay opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I have theories okay. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't stay I mean here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my journey. It's like become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become reformers. These uh are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello I mean and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going to like talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and you know I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who has just you know been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow okay me at all then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that like she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she did I mean it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be like brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has finally I mean happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do like with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind of complicated I mean and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we went okay through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m well which is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation okay tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your well phone or computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can um be heard on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make like money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners like a month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from I mean that and I think it's worth it all the other sites make you uh pay to upload your podcast and do not get you money in the process. So you know it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the uh free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to um the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age I mean of the 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters like were talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique well beast on confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have Koozies well in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies um know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I stole that uh from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know make you know sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also uh I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they okay also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I uh dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the okay wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I don't know. I just like know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could um steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we uh are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well research in you know sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live work and well love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and everyone else I mean. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves because Hayley like and I kind of talked about what we want this to look like and uh we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen to um me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we um are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my I mean God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific you know embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll go so first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I okay see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as I mean polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through um Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question okay. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said this uh is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. How uh long how long were you sitting on that one? How long was I sitting on like the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode. That's a visual. Hey um Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book. I just looked at like this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover this. You know what? so No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- uh L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for you know season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden the you know 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How is your uh off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready to okay go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're about okay to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up in time I mean. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my alarm um. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason game okay or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's like I mean what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was just well like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are good for real back okay in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to I mean give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of I mean your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account I mean necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening okay to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an so episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if so you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline well no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be um sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in like the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an okay episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This okay is optimal relationships daily episode 647 what I wish someone had told me uh right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer well podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this episode I mean we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, you know essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure okay that they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael you know. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute into uh the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit of well a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and so regulations around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up okay properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on so I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's you know all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got so. What's up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for well the people watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 like episodes on your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music um. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old so patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He okay would die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later uh. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of you know today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 so. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers I mean who was later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's like I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing you know some live training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which um is the power of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in okay four places at one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind you know of inspired. Is this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But like before we get into that, I want to give a shout out so over I mean the last couple of weeks. I've been running a little bit of a giveaway. So like for anyone that leaves a review on iTunes and sends me over a I mean screenshot. I will enter them into a draw to win a little little gift well from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine spiritual okay Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am your so host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and like awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics okay share stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a human uh experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light well and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, uh I am back. So it has been about a month since my last episode but like I went off to have a baby most of you know that I was so pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement I mean on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to well skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic um cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put um the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too so fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a like rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on make um fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I don't know really going like billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear. I'm gonna like be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking out my uh favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding all like my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we well just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you uh create some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are well trying to get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She you know must be a good escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever like the hell this is all you see is the creepy alien going crazy, well you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and you know I'm here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips okay and advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry uh and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be so talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean you know Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to like my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing um a podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just okay had to do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under so the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor well if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make well all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let so me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's um nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so um that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your so computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard like on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make well money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing well right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to I mean make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go um to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out so in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing so it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that and well then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's like bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a you know stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think well my uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome well back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I well have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus like of solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want okay to hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series um famous Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow like famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What well is it that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain you know any man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus uh the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about my son phileas you know. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for three okay decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees like from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, um I have finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low I mean. I don't think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill so Kevin Bacon. He stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree um of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was like just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow uh made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to make this movie uh Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of so I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So I mean today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be like joining our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior well at st. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you ever um I guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what you know was it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor well get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain. It's actually okay where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation tool that you know allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer if that's um how you want to do it. That's not how we do it. But I mean I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard I mean everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more and you can make I mean money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to okay make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download the free anchor app like or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And now for the sun uh solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to tell you about our I mean friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now guess what you can you know find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other well podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, it's not uh. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another episode of okay what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain so about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right uh. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's okay done, right? You know you want okay do it. You know you already did um the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you been out like here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait well to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like wow, so this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those old I mean can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going okay to get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm okay like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot you know to talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay I mean now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to uh the 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across like from me is my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly um about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and uh podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account you know and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a you know little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So um you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your okay friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline I mean wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many I mean. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you um haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify well or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure uh to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice um. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 I mean of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out okay mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort I mean of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real nerds uh who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and side-by-side I mean comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the okay easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and well everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I I mean love free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for well you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that I mean way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast okay with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one well place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- uh to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast like for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey I mean towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't forget um to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back well in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency like speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked well about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting you know as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of okay life. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And um I calm and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans I mean the sounds of making love my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your I mean breath the Breath of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make you know me high higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate your I mean support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in this well way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something we don't so often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it more well and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We like see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the well Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them so up a high mountain where they could be alone. There in their presence he I mean was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today I mean as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You just like do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew you'd okay want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump into okay this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation where like you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available uh to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We discussed well a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World okay be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We you know were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings about uh the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes um 59 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some um announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel uh free to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to um join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in well flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills well and I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank like you for listening by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest well way to make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine okay and a few people have reached out to me and asked for advice okay on how to get their podcast started or distribute it out there and I mean anchors the best way to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow so you to record and edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? well You can have your fans leave messages. Thank you to those of you that have you know been doing that by the way, keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor you know will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple okay podcasts and a bunch more this so many channels that are podcast is on I mean some of them. I never even heard of so it does the work for so you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening well to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in mind. It's well like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it. All right. So you know let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm Jon John. Jon was you know a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay again, I do vocals and so since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I play drums. And I like am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's let's do a this so is our first time doing it with multi people can guys so this so will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious like. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm procedure well right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven and so a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my you know focus goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago you know. It was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so like I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me as uh always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this I mean entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that you know albatross around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot you know of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling uh and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, okay but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game you know and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball okay game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts like and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball um game then came back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily um stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the so views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode 17 you know the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is you know actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see well which is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather okay has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of age. I so don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician's okay health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely um. It's really cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast um Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited uh and looking forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce like that our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you I mean to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today so. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone in well 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast well from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before I mean. But this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought you know about starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's like the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's free. That so means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you to okay record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just that well easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple well podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight different. Forms you know all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast and you you know don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to um make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the free anchor app so or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in a uh couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that you know did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we well did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it I mean is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as okay always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I you know am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the world goes around I mean I think so. We are actually joined by another and we are honored and excited to be so joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning okay science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this I mean because he's they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air I mean as well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very traumatized um after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front of so my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And you know again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the small lamp you know on the table next to me. They really need to fix the lights here. Yeah, well I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing like me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a great shift um. The first thing I tried was to walk out but I could see movement like in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is Adam. I um am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode and welcome uh to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I'm going to be so doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm trying to okay put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of film I mean and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way to put like it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about in the well past I talked about in the last episode that I really am a okay big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the uh ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the PSA uh Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what I got, like so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have to you know open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling I mean flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to so do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh okay and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise you know known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's I mean your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino I mean tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date I mean myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's you know Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get you know into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a I mean problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen so. Yeah, stay stage and screen if you wish and there you go you are well without electricity today. So we're going to try to make this a brief I mean show. I know you're working on battery power over there. So I have a so good signal and I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a well bad reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry so the diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every like generation and none of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business uh News Daily that these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem okay here are a few common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change um jobs after one year one myth that some might not know or even care to like disprove is that Millennials jump from job to job because we're never satisfied but data you know from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies okay longer than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet well sign me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of uh seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created so an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the community here uh. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the way like and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance and possibly well pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi everyone you know. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be well learning all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys so are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are well used with the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who um are Back again for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new okay. I want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an you know American English teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to um speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it I mean those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my favorite podcast well. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very distressed Jean um Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the kahane you know heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career path like. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies are 90 like Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did not last so long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, okay March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it so feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on um spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses I mean. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in okay your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to okay them or tell them to contact me so I can send them the um link. This is important information that I want all of you to have. It's going well to be even more important than usual for us to be in communication for you so to have good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You um need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to you know check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have a um neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and then well you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2 um. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really good um guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope uh you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great you know for the podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message like because I'd love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to you know quickly just mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to well people just to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And uh if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to exploring in well a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality disorder and other mental well health problems. My name is Celine and I am your host for this um podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of the Podcast which is so that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and I mean medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need them. And I I mean also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode. We've uh got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at swim Ireland like. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some of the you know athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is expecting from I mean from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for the quality I mean of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I I mean wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about um this new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward well as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was I mean formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we like presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has like not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been made so to our budget up to this point. This is a positive step for the department and so helps us better plan and assess our word the next steps will be for the uh legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode uh. We've selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented well them with additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a uh wide variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with um but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness uh desperate not to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and well night. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone uh. Oh long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known um to be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed I mean with the global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel uh features marble is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing I mean the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you well back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to like be talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took uh a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was I mean currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting well my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on uh Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older like than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best like the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and place where like sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Bastard um out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change uh it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the so pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out of so the money song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You better give me you know that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now well. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have Alexis here with like a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready and um Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as so usual. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a like because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering um for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T like show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video you know series we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I well really appreciate you guys tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I mean I'm making this video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds like and 10 assists on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of I mean you know, the sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued okay cards of is right. Now that people can go out and buy based on okay what his base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and everything you know in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work on their projects so. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a day or weeks um on end depending on the project those clients might be directors writers producers or um cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work. On the project uh we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color but not I mean necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's a glimpse behind um the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about color from time to time, you know but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop I mean Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news um coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor like Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to you know say folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out because um that was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he was uh trying to say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and um that he Fumbled it. We this is a this is a one-take like show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, it has to be in the first um three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast well Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get anything uh better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to so record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient um anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on so Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to well with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one so place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get uh started. Once again that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed um with the boys and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at like you week three, but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because like we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And this well is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It uh is the beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month so a whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week well next week the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money um up. And yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all you know my March baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its I mean month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may well find defensive listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian you know Prime Minister Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They um had been taking him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly you know the car door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged okay across the Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from like me? But his captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of uh three waiting Fiats and sped off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from like his face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the body well lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, like alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate shaking um like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All okay right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we uh talked about today today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm well gonna say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so I mean listen. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going like to 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you I mean Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after so each Olympics. Do you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42 uh. Now, if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you like would have noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle like now, we've already had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily well. Then we had Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on so this episode. We kind of continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the you know mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the like Lord gives this to us as a gift as we engage with the spiritual well truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining us right here with you guys you know. So your mom you're a loving wife and you've been here. I hope for a I mean long time. So you've obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift um of hunger. So you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric like elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually uh occur in older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and like can be associated with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an like incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless uh the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow well dislocations, make up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male you know to female ratio is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 so to 15 year olds. And these are very rare in younger children less than okay three years old the mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an I mean outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today uh we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce myself uh to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified Family Medicine uh physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 patients so a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually like have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients uh. So literally my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to be okay honest who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the um easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which uses and well it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for so you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or um you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything okay that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or I mean go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask okay Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a name for well this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and additional so content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this is well something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform so for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There are so tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone. Or your well computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my phone and uploaded all you know my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast for you okay. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this point. So you don't I mean have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges you know a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience like of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you're so joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? um Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began I mean my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do you know it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today uh the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She so is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I I mean wanted to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about ways to so optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I um don't feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think that Kathleen well has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone uh. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am you know a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom I mean and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days I mean and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called like Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals you know to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's I mean it going? There? It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can hear like him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight we uh welcome on a very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my you know boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, okay what's good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what do you do okay like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I do you know. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, I kind of do well a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst other okay things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you here girl. Yeah, you know you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself. I make candles soaps I mean everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of making medicine to yeah, and like I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you doing like hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want to talk like about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat. We still okay haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back. You know what um that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought we were talking about a you know couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic relationship and I was so starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I think you were to you know it's like when fully back on board is fully back with the Calgary Flames right like now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've okay been hurt too many times by these guys, but by the end of that podcast so we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully um back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in so that Columbus game. Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on I mean the big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished well in a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change okay the way people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the uh u.s. Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify okay. Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener so discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 pm uh. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young okay volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me I mean again, and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked I mean about getting started the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and okay now I'm sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use uh in my own Studio practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting uh and finishing this podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by I mean layer where you will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to um finish. So if you'd like to see that process head on over to Laura um horn art.com forward slash classes click on layer by layer and don't forget um to use the coupon code. The coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe well be and you will save 20% on that class up to the 19th of March um 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether so this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so like much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me okay is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, okay excuse me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic um is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we okay talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, you know we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension okay custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head on over to you you know can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and I mean it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle you know an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday like was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us the I mean cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, that's kind I mean of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on gravity Mero Mero um Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't lose brain um cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was it was if well you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me okay explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit your like podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you know. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make uh money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make I mean a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question. Are you living the um life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all have that okay picture in our mind not that life. You want to live my question to you is um simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would say no. Well why the like answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible I mean. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go Hi, uh this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon a time so in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received an invitation to uh a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket but due to the um peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a frequent flyer and a um gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for him. On the day well of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast well the art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in well our industry who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part like of a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on I mean this world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show so. I'm here today with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, like I've never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name um right? You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, so let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name is okay starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our okay leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat down well with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what okay makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for you know international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening uh. In today's episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across well the Davidson group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of um them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working I mean with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk okay now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new you know gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super like show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed uh with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to like my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love uh having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start like with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First okay of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's okay time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other I mean day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of okay any number two. And before we get going we want to give a big so shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier okay enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to their I mean website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training gloves anywhere so from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the glove that okay was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our weekly CPD uh podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your a PC or I mean a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill your okay annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog. We take a uh look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you and your EPC well we've been asked about this many times. So we now have official clarification from uh our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is the six-year rule in the okay Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when you enroll as a candidate like you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of well the time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us uh. In fact, even this physical body which appears to be in physical form so is essentially energy because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and um tighten cells into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They you know are Energies. They are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts uh are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi you know. The run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets um to transform your training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches uh and athletes the questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we will get so the inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be you know. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast I mean well, This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep so dive to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner okay. How to gain endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has um a previous background in a robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an well aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have been so through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they okay all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in like sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that so there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to um sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports take so feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, we've got so a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing uh director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator you know and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over 40 cohort um company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was lucky enough I mean to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly I mean. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host uh and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident okay astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically like like the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you you know guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can I mean ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was like on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just gave me well one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night you know toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and you know brush the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week um and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped um black women all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame um CJ Walker, she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 um in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and well her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today. We talked well with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a more like successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's do it you know. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many years. Now. Did you know that spark appear very early on in your life or did it come a bit so later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, it was obsessed with you know I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah sat on my first I mean horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope y'all are like growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, so I mean don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe um button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If you could okay smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets the message um out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, let me introduce you know my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll um work on this entry. We need to do something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah so. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a skip to 20 seconds so. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still on our demonic well Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard of okay it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and so there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right I mean from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once um you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can make I mean easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes. Thank you. Hey well guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells and this podcast will okay be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority in Academia, but okay more specifically students in physics because we know that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon uh. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which uh I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about okay for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit about uh our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get any further well for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect uh those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of like the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan former you know A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us 40 so minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, I mean you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R their like own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career how they you know can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and well ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so you know this is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys um are looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us out um at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R um at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So like yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm I mean your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today so. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk like about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a uh first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to I mean everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get him on well the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew always talk I mean about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, the perfect category you know to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five okay minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me for a I mean while have been following me on the internet out there in the social media Universe well talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps everything actually created um a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping a step not skipping you know the most important step which is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering anything in well this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need experience. There okay is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good like score last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston so Rockets just a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get I mean a higher spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but okay anyway, it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the point uh besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA well 10. I had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred and uh sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had you know this card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off because you know I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank well you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head well over to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some you know pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and you know see what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content just as okay much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so glad um you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in you know the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we like look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for okay tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods with EDSA. So bear uh with us and we plan to get better at each one of these that we do we also like plan to have a lot of different different guest on the show each week. We have a well trio of different co-hosts that are going to be going to be helping out okay and joining us the first of which is my very own younger, brother. Colin like Hendrix man, how are you? What was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just here I mean to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a podcast online I mean. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to okay make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for free, which so you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you like to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for well you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and like many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no uh minimum listenership. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't uh a scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing I mean probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time you know Now if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that uh he's staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it um just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the okay NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't make so sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it doesn't um make sense to me for this man the go out and play for another uh team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way uh to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F so m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the like free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way well to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want uh to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want I mean to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go okay to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in I mean you on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor its uh easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from I mean your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be okay heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast you know with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in uh one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FMcom okay. To get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to um talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the like sense of an image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look well into it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan like Adam. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough okay free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left okay like we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had um a record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis you know. We did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So okay obviously we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop I mean. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really uh listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's confusing um because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one three two so. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are we gonna okay get through this as a group? I think I think that all hate mail um to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an avant-garde movie I mean where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the current uh timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of uh order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining your like life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So I mean what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like medieval so don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big fan of so shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how so we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor okay dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different you know platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your um phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free um anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs well when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo well code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a um bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are uh going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you um and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good okay thing because you're not going to get them here at least not in this like episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past okay tear up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, so too. 80s film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a uh Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why okay in many ways he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of um course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal you know Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon you know patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions I mean talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be I mean a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New uh Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy I mean. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in um terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with like a lot of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those so in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want well to say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today so. I am going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very okay close to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today you know that you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room um. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke um Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say thank um you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on okay Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So uh thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League okay action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest story you know of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite a disappointing loss okay to be honest. The first loss that you go off is 3-nil against walk um further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off of the so relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media um a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation you know and learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186 I mean. I'm finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working on a brand like new 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't wait to share well it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted so to revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential you know skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog uh posts and especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to so write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast you know a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means well to live with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking you know about here in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses um 1 through 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know uh that if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from okay God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this well tent we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting you know it on we may not be found naked for while we are still in I mean this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to talk uh to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record okay my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and it allows you like to use tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast straight from your uh phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as well after it's been uploaded you know to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast for you so I can be so heard on Spotify app a podcast and many more you can also definitely well make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to like make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor like dot fm to get started. Before I start this podcast, I just want like to let you guys know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm you know warning you right now. It's only going through the left here. I want to believe well because that's just the way my my whole setup. It works I guess you know but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we save okay teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms to um make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here. Thanks so okay much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and review us any Apple uh podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have you heard of so the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used this you know source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge you know fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram okay page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and her so students. My students came to school on the second day and they were like, like when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so I so knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How um are you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me like even happier. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict like of interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who um do that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking like into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna okay take a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what um you're after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 you know of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not okay 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an A+. Look point like is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give her up well for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog will okay be a great fit in the halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be I mean an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco okay Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys um the Jack Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric uh an amazing person with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about you know your team. It's all about the people you put together. I want to take advantage like of this to share with you guys. The fact that I am part of okay Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys I mean you guys are all phenomenal and it's all about what we have built and where we you know were going. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming you know up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life so. I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so like if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should be okay making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I okay would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug. Thank you know you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in I mean a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show um in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of uh days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed to I mean NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're uh listening to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you know you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If so this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from so the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or obey them so you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a drink you know because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record so my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and so I absolutely love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way you know to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow okay you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer you know anchor will even distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard well on On Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can even make money well from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make okay a podcast in one place. All you have to do is download the free anchor okay app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. I got a so question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard about I mean anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you like haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I uh will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that I mean allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your uh computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my uh phone. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute uh your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more like row many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make money you know from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I I mean probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night well toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little circles all well the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is okay Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn so Bridge is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big um river and it's beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each like year and take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build so that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the John well Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven cases worldwide uh 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States. We have you know now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed with six deaths like all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had any deaths in California uh. And so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from like our villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end um of the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside well the criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify well or wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of okay New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing okay in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of um them were there for Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation you know right here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people I mean would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they um learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly well meaningful given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this well episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say okay exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the um weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the okay storm hit and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am I mean not used to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get you know ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a you know meeting that's been in the making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about um the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of well the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're I mean exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips well from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like well motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you uh can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to uh podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're like discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of so Richard and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what you know needs to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval I mean period things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England okay lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich life so was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle to uh survive and live tended to be very short for so for those people within a like medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 and well if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village was all you know based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn and you know brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach so so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so well I actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the you know Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said so that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little heads-up like who is going to be but not really a lot of people have had you know classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn State well. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a you know few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool I mean. You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my so name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having um the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there but okay of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee um Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm um you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on uh to talk about that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch okay and we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we okay always do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've like barely got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll uh be your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and okay tools you need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream I mean life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill um you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively so over the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share my okay message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients okay into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your you know heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he talking uh chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood about uh to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near uh Toledo. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house well and either places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something so out of his open hand and brings it out and then D is high you know up. Now I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira so want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction well the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally okay uprooting which means to pick something up from a place of rest then to okay is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for well modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm Joe um and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, I so just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work on I mean different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I just you know hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more energy um. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast so comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I needed uh to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast like producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor because it's okay the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's also free like. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer and like all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so it uh can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you like can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you um are. You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a you know podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We you know are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode so. I like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor you know or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was okay the second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so um I got to talk about a lot of things on this show and I uh had I'd get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things I mean and we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg well just want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we okay talked a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all my you know mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into my bathroom like while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like I mean Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of well like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like like at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where like, uh I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a uh mirror right across from my back to our it was like a glass shower so. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? No so. Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you well for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise um you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting you know for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things you know in order for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you so know, doing things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that well says, you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But okay there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but I mean me how far now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just um going to flow today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old I mean daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, no so one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick of so murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every Tuesday so follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's most okay bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to I mean the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes you know dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of a young girl that I mean some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the uh podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht um and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked you know whether technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider uh what the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this I mean Gus whether or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging okay content and revealing insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will I mean be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author I mean of a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about well the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is okay about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology and like the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe D. Thanks well for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a time this um week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News Daily. We uh haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a for uh the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that okay her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that you know she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is okay that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron like where she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have you know found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out uh. Out she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having so the patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's you know also helped her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate um a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm like allowed to love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you girl. A uh woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her so patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that guy like next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark. I am like your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And today we I mean have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah. Let's well get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet uh we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed the chemistry you know but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was you know there be but it was there. We took the we just say major so so we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by each other like and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree planter you know art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of so her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as so a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people you know who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However well tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings I mean in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences well bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed uh light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel so in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting um as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're like coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to I mean the podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should you know not drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or like build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different levels of I mean where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, the first so level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of products do well you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move to the supplier I mean level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually want to well work with if you want to make money doing this and then finally the deepest like level is the product level. So what I'm going to share with you in so this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to make um sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to build one of these okay stores and actually build a real business now before we get into it, I should so let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you um to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce you know results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn more um calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time. Each well workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain or well under train. So what are you currently doing to get more life out of your well workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with. All right. So, okay let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages um to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble falling asleep you know and I found that over the years when I listen to the word of God. I'm um able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And so as you well listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an inspiration um to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this okay. Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K out um there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it well on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was like I mean braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list given well on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this couch and recline like you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica Geller and I mean I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome to my um side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing Villa dough and we well have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know that I okay was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy hot take I mean. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start with the you know club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to so know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw circuit you know. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of our guests so. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your boy you know. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right like. Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was well on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever uh take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior knowledge so of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and like selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are like joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a uh special guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes like ago, but I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, so I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but you know to be fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I um walked in and he told me on the spot that it was going to well be on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let uh people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day. My well husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60. We uh are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's um very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our uh virtual CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 am okay. Eastern standard time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the well world, you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with those so hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If uh so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that so successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / I mean create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward well slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and like I think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not well as unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected um sometimes by other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I okay dip and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock uh. We're here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from like Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man okay. Doing great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a you know first thing right for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case you know scenario, but I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this um. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking okay yeah, we got like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we well put something out because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space you know docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering um all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies or um discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from the you know Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest news on okay Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So uh if like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all uh that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult um consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is well advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According you know to TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up uh. I was in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat like up a little bit to you know, I definitely brought it back down like a human level. And I started talking to God. I'm like you don't only when so I could get me out of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a uh Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead okay a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure well party the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our um favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today well we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers like for BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you like make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here well. I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today so is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying well to release this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and well man. There are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys okay to hear it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going okay back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think that all of uh the information in part to her story all her tips the way that she parents you know it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when you you know know where she came from part 1 is all about her life as a like young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a young woman okay and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show um start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush uh the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're I mean talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a um pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names like were Trung truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were I mean born in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man uh and have them trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled you know by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino uh can be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith um. Hey guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi so and hello. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name I mean of re free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your like day? How was your day tiring long as it was productive. That's all you know that matters. Come on, the love that now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun you know. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are so you know nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of the I mean Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due to uh the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because uh that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if I mean technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you look at okay the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the I mean situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the like Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a okay back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic like of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I got like an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably since like late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching him now okay. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got a couple of um situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets his All at a like concert and I guess his group and her group of friends kind of emerged at some point, I mean and she listened this. She says that she told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a so podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is okay not Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin I mean. Hey, what's up, and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about uh what I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's uh a draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe so nothing going in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of okay stuff to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to uh get to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote you know electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first I mean time they're going to throw it in used at least that we know of so so read a little article about this AQ and we were just talking about okay this before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a well couple games during the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using well it. They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the you know practice with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor um which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard I mean about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's um free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right I mean from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you okay can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make so money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make uh a podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to so Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of so Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always well. It's your host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi um like so excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of like a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using well anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives like you everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right from well your phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app to okay record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute your well podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that uh includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money well from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go okay to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money so up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There well are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your so phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money well buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So okay it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part um you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to well make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go to Anchor like dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza okay and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If you know you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose uh Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing um to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st uh episode of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of uh eight women hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon you know. Hello greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about I mean all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken well up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had chosen okay after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs um that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days you know and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was okay eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted I mean to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible well to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually so having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to I mean record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet okay a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software so as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need I mean to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer I mean tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to you know make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your so own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or I mean go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to so hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called before I mean now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I I mean looked up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself you know on the field but also off the field as well. So without further like Ado, here's my conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's you know go. Please enjoy. Just what I needed just what I needed. How are you uh my brother? That's all how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going okay on. Yeah, um, you know, same old same old. I need to start this though you know with a bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make well a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record and well edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute the well podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such as Spotify and like apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in um one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- uh to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my um friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee okay. Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of uh Iron Lion soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The okay company is Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap so and iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I uh am so in love with and so grateful that I made the connection with you know Avi, and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for so the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first time you know we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going well to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any okay Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think uh you have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? like We talk to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's uh probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you okay think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, um trust me trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can like talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right um away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler so in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are you know the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If uh you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or okay Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter well all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say well hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get uh into it. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the you know video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without so using drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many you know people will tell you that at one point or another they have had some experience you know where they thought they heard a sound when nothing should be there or they saw you know an apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high so Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors I mean who were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude you know at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred well and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have um a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks well for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is like state your name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm um involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with um lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're like back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last well few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up um as of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead well. And this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now uh affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor of Washington um declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the US. The like virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing about more okay and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a okay podcast. Let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and you know edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast um for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you well can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to I mean make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do um this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free so anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody um. We just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not a full so podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball uh and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars I mean session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or I mean evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come okay for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I um Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the um Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam and I mean I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric lives I mean in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We uh talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider I mean to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both you know watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how I mean wacky is there's a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different uh components that we have to get into so there it's going to start. All uh right. Yeah. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in okay the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's okay the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and uh there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast like from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple so and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can so make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man um. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you so need to do all one place and to download the app go to well anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get like in the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to okay episode 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first uh episode alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and uh checking it out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic of today's um newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl goes uh psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who you you know have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day you know and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the you know video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's well like talked about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end so a relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other so out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode you know of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys I mean the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your okay own Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully like like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, um I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful um file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to uh do? So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as um this for this first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is right well now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender Courtney you know Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo boys I mean. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to the well roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back In uh Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs are um who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen to say I mean it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as uh you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right um to see random things. I support my right to party and you always you so got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said like it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I became good okay friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Beach Bree uh was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational therapy so school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her well Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her uh undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA Division well II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge you know about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going well to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations and so she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the um face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you I mean human design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert like and energetic alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business okay where it's not working so that it starts to work for you through human design um and Alignment you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of like course income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and uh business in a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome um to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars so lip balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome like and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life well and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your okay entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in um the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas you know this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will so help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your um own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five you know inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year you know old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez um over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over San okay Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as it I mean seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin just like most you know nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong. The drugs burned so hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began to hallucinate I mean and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty okay fifth of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, so which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit um we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This okay means that GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the like 0.4% that economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading well at the economy was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last uh year was correct. However, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an well S turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home you know moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I you know stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and you know just kind of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there so are really great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So you know go and do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your well kitchen or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk like and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy um Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood like brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once um a month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can so share your story advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in well our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you you know take your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level um up. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's you know episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? well Does it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks um. I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone um sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely I mean. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And well we're here to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you well are too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I okay work as an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? okay Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic uh. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying um to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present so is it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to well feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it I mean that you want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep okay better? You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you so craving and notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of I mean meditation notice when those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you I mean episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring so individuals to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of so show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by um many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads for well 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy what books would I mean you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well books to recommend so for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at least the ones that have you know had the biggest impact on me or the ones that are In the Forefront I mean of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've read and listened to so over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a pretty good so list and I did a version of this a long time ago, which is somewhere okay on the blog and my goal is to put these onto the blog as like well here probably in the next two weeks or so. I just have a lot I mean of real I say quote unquote real work to do but I will get to this like but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact well that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it uh and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just really uh fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to be okay doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the realm uh of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to like our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a website uh visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro uh. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone like and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby well of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate okay of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films like Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If like you enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast uh every Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and I mean possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to you know podcasts. March 8 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV like talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show okay Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? like Yes, and we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience um and we will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly uh at this is yall's first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after uh show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an actress no network. We covered just about okay everything on TV. And this is of course your Bachelor crew led by me I mean or moderated by me. I should say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm okay surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only first got me was chef Graham uh huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a host here at the network. So I mean excited to be here, but me Christine be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything in I mean between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't also much what uh you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts and this is you know probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All right. Yeah, you see um one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened to bash okay me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV well talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show um guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is I mean Mike feeling. We're here. We're going to go through it. You know what I mean it is. You know how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel you know I am over here by myself on the team married side, but to my left uh also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may I mean have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a you know reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid alien. Welcome okay to aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien and Ethan well Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show this time um. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in US. Yeah, so you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with it uh huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early like for this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they um start to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me you know have my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in like the background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the okay latest week or two kitchen. You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes well when we feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny like. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast uh that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set well designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians like about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain at consequence of uh sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class consequence podcast Network welcome um to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented by W FP okay k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very like first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November you know 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear a very I mean condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well as questions I mean submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody on our crew okay and I should mention this room was very big very bhumi tall ceiling. So you know the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's uh the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools like that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer well anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple well podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from I mean your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a like podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- like to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank well you for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We like felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind of um do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow like your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you um become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them so offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also you um can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done um so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse well podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll catch the conscience uh of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you guys first official um episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few sites, but it's the so first full one so welcome and I have a mic this time. It doesn't sound like like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across the world. So so we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just was a bad well Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway around the world, okay but that's a story for another time. So you're ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, I mean you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you you know. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the like benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope There are um five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning to your life um. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa you know Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to uh be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away well. I'm going to be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my so favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort okay of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called uh I dream of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would uh that I might dream of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine um with dreams. The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams well. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm you know Brian and we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is you know no premise. There's no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we uh the biggest thing that I think this is founded on we found there's just you know such a lack of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this so males. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So you know we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot and I mean maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and my okay co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that are you know too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce so each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so okay each new day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be okay covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from and so some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you so do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die I mean tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully I mean something memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this idea like in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of well poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use uh for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and I just you know love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from uh your phone or a computer. So if there was something in my mind that I'm you know out I can easily pull out my phone go into the episode. I uploaded or you know about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping easy. Love it. And what um else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor will distribute your podcast well to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name it and it's great like download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I I mean have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet you know stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then I mean you need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that okay ridiculous discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards I mean and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet um food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up okay Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar um the spoke about their different hustles and how most of you need to break you know out of the mold. So make sure to hit them up and leave a review okay to let us know what you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at well some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X syndrome so. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of like cgg trinucleotide repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on uh the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and so inactivation of fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want okay you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form like. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast uh with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback like on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how um you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom like. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What you know up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson you know. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes okay and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what well you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on um is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong about I mean attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian believe so that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as people are stuck I mean here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often cause dissension I mean anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue for you know 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to I mean teach and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have a well story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God has gray XO so @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our community donate to uh patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a you know fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right. But okay yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy with well midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants like kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's um cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy um is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, I mean such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do um not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of so this podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto like have but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually um feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he so gets worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve well all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard um about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's free well like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have to pay I mean any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that allow uh you to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer super simple uh super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and pay for okay some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you where you um will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each one like of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years okay. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for you know the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or well whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So well today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be okay considering opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird you know weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a I mean World Series and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just you know I don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my okay predictions for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down I mean the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were journeying back like to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in the so World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that cost Columbia um the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history well tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on um Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia um second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on so Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast um thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts like. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want to receive like a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a part um of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take a look you know at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of being lean like and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like to do this you know list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much like your feedback. Is so there something that you'd really like to see but it isn't listed here honest okay feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer to you. You uh can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out our podcast um survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and so thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while okay since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to okay have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping like for the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly like marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now I mean onto the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon so to leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this like on Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple uh days to digest some of the performances from the skill position players and that's you know what we're going to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the like combine. And I know I said this on last week's show but I well have to reiterate you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are like Incredibly talented athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an okay example, but they're / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly like swinging your view of a player but we did learn some things some players had you know much better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest uh scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The well former Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional so staff for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he well was getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few uh years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had uh been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter you know Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play so nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I okay talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head you know and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be well at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights uh on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned I mean in with source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded so. Quite some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I I mean would like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't um know exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now I mean. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because so you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we so chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and well sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on the inside uh podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim to help women all okay over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic in so their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about the so world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects okay every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring the most okay fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected short clips okay from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like okay motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is I mean you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to well podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today so. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd uh the boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we so we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you okay said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but okay what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this man's actual um name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his location just so a block away for over four years going it to the University of st like. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more so voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast so to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our like eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one I mean is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast like hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make uh a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that okay allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer so anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on so Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from your um podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one you know convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor okay dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5 okay. I'm Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk you know about this week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no um over the past week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James I mean Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk so on it. We're going to touch on to attack of a low and okay possibly the Redskins drafting them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up so Tre was good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward so to this week, but it's great pests who week of sports the past week you know as far as been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring you know a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let me um just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main hall like that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the uh child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, well we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping so for at least a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for work okay because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a podcast so. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode well 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month well ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We okay usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes you know. So this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll well be editing in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? uh Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain well cloud castle spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what it like means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the mangas uh and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors of I mean wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation filled with so like much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use I mean our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially okay the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you like about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the uh app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend um of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh well my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to do like it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure that so all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we do you know that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially when you don't like know what to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation okay tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your phone or computer I mean anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple okay podcast and many more and you can make money with your pockets, which is like the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm well going to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything you need to okay make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny well England. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms like grab your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to um Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one uh and only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic I mean. Thank you. It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to like podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? you know Maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, you know my dulcet tones at times to you surely want to listen to me, um you know, get get the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of okay me in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no okay need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this um is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and movement okay really seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool. Hello, everybody well today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients and she's you know actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during our time uh together. And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey that led uh up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what she likes well about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see you know where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy well cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's I mean usually a bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally well like analgesics and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't well wait either. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a you know little my hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power uh say that a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I mean I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so um I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in you know the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was Donald Trump like and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes Trump so went to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay look before we I mean These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time and like we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I want well to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious. So uh I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. You're you know talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like he you know tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is good. I um mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very well very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you okay so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in okay carriages. You inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go so check out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are well as a church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity um to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco uh something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe uh we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to like be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions so of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children okay under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night in 1968 in a low um Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson a pretty 19 year old woman made uh her way up a dimly lit Street weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand um. She had come to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West well Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today so. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and like a national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was um selected as the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State so honor band in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one so of of the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted well into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past you know summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo well competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's life which has um 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with okay only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning well Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for okay debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear like perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I you know am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have okay the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this so episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the you know airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage well all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM okay to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did so not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like you know five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor well. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all so the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know so apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else okay. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. If okay you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs um to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you like use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one well Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is like the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk about that today I mean Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you a so little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked me well if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my life. I so think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts life well changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I walked in there well and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't working right and um Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters kind of stupid and so he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell you want to I mean take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there. He said I want to you know tell you about something that I found out they if you haven't heard about it well. I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says it's called anchor and it's um the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles uh Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a you know couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on uh Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see what's I mean going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still okay saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do you know this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and well something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have okay been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian so. We both liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting well Star Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 you know 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to visit a um financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of the well article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks of um financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She really loved you know to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her to um make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour they discussed I mean her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and addressed so goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and save like for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full of wise uh advice on how to handle and how to view Money In fact money is so mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we so heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional I mean career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking uh The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and okay Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host uh. Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller uh editor and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to do? okay Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going to you know be sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk well through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a like lot beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill I mean cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you like did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or well comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess like that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences you know guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at like page Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast okay. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator so of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling uh an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let like me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit so your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for so you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you like can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to uh make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo uh the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk uh. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means you know wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is like not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about uh establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that well the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be okay priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John 15 verses um 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I Loved You so Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will remain in my love um just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love I have okay told you this so that my joy may be in you and that your you know joy may be complete. My command is this love each other as I have loved like you greater love has no one than this to lay down one's life you know for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want okay to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I so hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to you know make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and I mean edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your I mean podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google like podcast and many more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need you know to make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor you know FM to get started. Hey, what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps the so oldest question in the book one that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of you know recorded history and one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with um individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I okay am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I'm well doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with I mean formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is you know go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired okay on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any uh more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the like dog or driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the video uh version. This is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please well do leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it so and let's get into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as uh a genius of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and um theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It well cannot be understated. You could love him. You can hate him or you can love you know to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously well said that laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel like and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel okay Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her well reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully you know but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit I mean passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and uh eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username like saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show okay taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners so are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show I mean is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee um an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be um multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting like her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here uh at College Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions I mean or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How uh you doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here you know. Taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme okay for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness okay started with you? It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but uh I had a good Community there, but it really started to take effect my uh first year in college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a okay kind of came about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern you know but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest well way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for like me to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation I mean tools that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my so phone computer. You may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my well phone and anchor made it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from um my phone. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place um. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the um Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis well of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter like 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned um how it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I I mean say this to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in I mean this way. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes I mean his sun to rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m so. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need so to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels including uh Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money with you know no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or go so to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with poles so and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of two birds you know the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt gooley you know the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by brooke-taylor I mean to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when polls at 5:30 well p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on tap from two birds I mean and we go through the episode and we try and have a taste of all of you know them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two so episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad um Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then well encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did you know the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like this um follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due to okay the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of violence um and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one word so. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make you know a podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you know you that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your so phone or computer. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your um podcast too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now well not only is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible well for you to make money talking about the things that you love with no okay minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too like good to be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you uh ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show I mean. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's um just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't so listening in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that like. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening I mean to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening uh for the first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how like it look like you hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done so this already. We'd love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help uh. Bus out you can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow you know us on Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and well a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand um titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get well into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you about like making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 so of Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing uh interactive web app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special well needs to make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and like caregivers can also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host many you know of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but I mean if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the easiest so most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast okay with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer so anchor distributes your podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and okay many other platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything you so need to make a podcast in one place. So get on it and go download I mean the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today you know. Why is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness nor Dame's first like spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know about you guys uh. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and pre-august if uh I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work with and we certainly I mean have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions in February. I know so I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and That's what we uh do but it's good to have a practice under our belt we can talk like about that will talk extensively about that. I want to start with the uh in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday of uh the guys that stood out to you and I put out a list this morning well of the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I we I mean were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but Ian but well I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast like. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again well through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time so messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have my good um friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas. Yeah good so to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're just going to like be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and what that looks like you know is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me a little bit about yourself um to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection of my you know view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously in um the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth karev to um her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable age like. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving memory like and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold brew is dedicated uh in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch them out for my I mean in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I um rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked it survey the pursuit tells uh us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was well asking this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? you know Welcome to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm so not joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things I mean. Like I've said today the plan is I you know, I really struggled well over the course of the week to come up with things that I wanted to uh talk about. And you know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't I mean have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're I mean your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you uh guys about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a I mean case suggestion by a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much okay for listening and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this okay case with you support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In uh On November 6 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in okay Florence Montana to get her nails done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had so arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you okay how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it okay takes years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man like was born who would eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman well. It would take years for police to connect him to four other murders years and uh a clever. A gator who got the DNA he needed. So if you well like your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start so your day with a morning cup of murder on May 6th. 1986 21 you know year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, Texas Apartment. She you know had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let like me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow I mean you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will so distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and well many many more places to list keeps on growing and you can make money okay from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make a well podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice out like there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started I mean and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your uh favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one place for free. You um don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every um topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of like my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a good uh day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except I mean it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some okay like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've uh got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to this. Okay I mean. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk okay about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a so podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record okay and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast you know for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more I mean you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you um need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go so to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going to love this uh one? I put out so much content that if you listen to my stuff okay for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you by I mean anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution uh side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is okay. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor you know will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms. It also you know has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from a you know phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice uh podcast all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go uh to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, I mean bro, I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this you know for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom like wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going so to hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze uh of Raven I with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go uh over I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think um I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My like boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally think well I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in okay chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide I mean to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing um we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting well and accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those uh long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified okay nutrition and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates like expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger uh and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by like clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of West if you're enjoying okay the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask okay that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years old well Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert Boos so. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you like I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but the you know reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a well propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a uh time or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking you know six months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has a lot like of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business well owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking I mean for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know you know what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because I okay like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so I mean much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this I mean book, but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of made well their way into my routine because I was aware of a way to do like things better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it uh. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so hello. Hi well. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest for haven't eaten okay the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for the like title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator you know is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, so Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the uh dominating Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I okay was a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 I mean or 14 years old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether okay I wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was like a trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community you know of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become so a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and okay welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community um of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or I mean the lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is so a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not well get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen like to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without you know a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic um plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users okay can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share um what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done like so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health like daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to um follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal I mean Health daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals like by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic um hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually posterior so and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 years you know of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open um reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% you know of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or uh traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric I mean patients. Again. These injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of like injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports I mean injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at uh lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did so all that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was well the unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on um the island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello uh everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of I mean you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were some okay major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't know how you know much time you've had to think about this but this is a new story you know that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's time well you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about the new baby. I figured so we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually did as much research uh. You looked into it to find out what her deal was and her deal so is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most Sinister. I like cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy tickets you know to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise okay you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around uh. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to hear uh Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations the class like. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to come um in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks like about core values talks about how important those are and how vital it okay is to know what your core values are so you can create culture within your um team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to give you uh an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent Hi, you know how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of so Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where okay we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah like. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I you know don't know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has I mean been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, uh you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like a like picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to like the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm like here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're well the CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, well it's great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of you know time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, okay please reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six so seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car like can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or you know family require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find like it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so like happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy for so me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter um sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I last started uh it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out of like the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my head you know around this you started it last night started was the day after Christmas. So that's you know been like what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved was a I mean month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, well where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a so heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and you know a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or not um today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our last page well of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought for I mean today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload we would just okay learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of so its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first topic that's like on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash to like add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based uh practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to like teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development you know trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a you know strip Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section uh or the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film well and books. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and you know the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back so podcast is that I'm recording especially early in the week this like week because I have just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, I mean sometimes you like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then uh we've got the podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us I mean as we try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness you know theological and comical. Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts well To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know well. We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, I so got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow but we don't so have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Donna I mean podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll I mean figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this you know is our podcast is first time something new just you know had an idea you know one day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and okay sometimes we're going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you you know know might as well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the gross you know margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and okay plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a financial like perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third row podcast so. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording and we're you know talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's like a like $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new tire so. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay well five and a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads which you know are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten some uh awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking like wow, so there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to you know upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and um like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one example, but what uh I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling uh you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use for any um type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone computer or so any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't just um go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast more exposure so and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need in one so place and it is the best platform to create. Any type of podcast I think well this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is Braden I mean. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody uh lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about like the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the well best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're I mean having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one. Nice Feel like Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have conversation with so Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Saints playoff game that um you would want to hear the answer from has a very good answer. Also Aaron Jones you know in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that you could potentially want uh to hear about life. We can't thank you enough for choosing to listen to this okay show. I mean you could do a lot of other things with your earholes I mean right now. A lot of the things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more uh I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. I love me too okay. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, though because they like you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no um further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host your okay content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from okay your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't um have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and apple well and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make money. I'm your I mean podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want in a podcast so in one place. You have something to say you want to get it out. You want to okay write a note just upload and turn on your anchor app on your phone like and hit record and save notes to your library to upload to future okay episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor it's so the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent um free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right um from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the you know rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple I mean podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn you know money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and well one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to I mean get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows people like I mean you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My name like is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most well of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you I mean and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more um importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the okay show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my guarantee but um like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid Bhai you know. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ and um me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen to like our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to good answers well. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with us on okay good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka well bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and um you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top okay 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us from 1992. When I mean the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths from like the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of age and uh geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from history like tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify well or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the well most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of I mean fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some I mean 91 over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the um blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to uh even come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did okay you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming okay close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come well to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked out you know of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast like. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi like. Hello. So on this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're like just kind of diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate um stories. I have a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So I mean we'll call it vol 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates and uh what happened? Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom okay eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were uh just what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what okay we are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus uh is the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in some well detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I I mean want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial I mean emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on well so everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P frog you know. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called um ammo no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin uh 90s rap brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's like for you man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, okay welcome to the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly I mean photography, but also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we okay were a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get uh enough social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap uh. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind you know goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of okay it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions I mean those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm so your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it so I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me today is writer uh journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am really good. I'm really good like. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your so host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm I mean also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping uh people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week like as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques so for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest so fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich I mean full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find well and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where so their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help I mean conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of holistically you know Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through um the mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness you know consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their well voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She I mean is the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and uh my all-time favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been so the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags uh. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of I mean DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank like. We got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome okay. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a uh conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's well like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women I mean man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going like to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth um the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do well that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked so it was just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and like how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it uh you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm going like to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met let's see so here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to believe that I mean now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of that kind of like thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together. She's since um moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a while, but well it was really great to record this episode. She has spent the last several so years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met her uh and she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to um share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion I mean. I have to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need well to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you you know are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we are you know your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome to okay this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can smell um it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the weekends for okay the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want to tell okay you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City I mean at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be you know in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - a well store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play that venue but today on well the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why it's okay to okay fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and the intro song uh this week is actually a song that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard okay towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am joined okay by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream speakers in another okay episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought it might be so nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I am doing like fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo so Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just about uh the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take it well where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two hours wasn't okay quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer time and I mean North American summer time do not occur at the same time. So I'm like, let's okay figure out a time to record what will be good and I'm like 9:00 pm uh. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like I can wake up at well that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional uh content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of well the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're you know exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short clips well from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like well motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you okay can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a uh list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're so discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're well back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the you know last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and so up as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 I mean debt and the virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries um now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US just this like week the World Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus okay is with headlines saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who you know get it worldwide. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based I mean on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going wrong like and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to I mean discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career showing well how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, my well name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for this so episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel. I well love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm Marky okay filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX 93.1 and okay good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well Queen like Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi um. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure as you know hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you here today well. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the ones okay and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on the dice you know today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after um Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right with us here uh time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that with the new I mean manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of the past. This well is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you keep your bad boys uh nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one I mean of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals um imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life like others for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred so and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow far greater well as the years rolled on. But there was one man on death row in 1921 who okay had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is convicted of murdering one like of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a reprieve from uh the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's okay the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore. Their Amorous I mean crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even more so personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the cheater, I mean but no you've never cheated and you never will. It right after all you're in like a good relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner seems impossible until one well day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find so us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link like in the description below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome uh back to our / Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small like victories over those who dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little uh girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago okay to the details may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in so Middle School. My brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted like to go into the Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized you know for all the new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again well is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love okay you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce and I'm here you know with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this is the I mean first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh my God. Okay, the so basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening you know to see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing okay the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk about so what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative Fields. Also okay the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists on so this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure okay to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about you know gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars okay per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 January well 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat his I mean record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record high of well 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until now. I think uh it is first important to understand what drove prices to those sites in 2011 okay. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of um challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough uh experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go um along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have uh you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, uh I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it okay in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always so. My name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't well say the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited you know guests on you just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All I mean right? Yeah. Well, why would I say this if there's no guests today? That is like true. We don't have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering I mean when the guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay okay. I thought it'd just be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great like show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a uh new market today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage um on this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so so money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful you know episodes. I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still I mean we're almost at five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I so think we can probably Go to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really uh awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five um of those not like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say well we can see ya Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship like backwards good idea. So this is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool um. It's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week and uh every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing on the top okay of your mouth on one side and brush all the way to the molars okay in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who helped discover uh DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name was Rosalind so Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She grew okay up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the only schools that taught like women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted to I mean be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is like our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this okay inspires you hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is like moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I mean I am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the well scripture is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow you know. God bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This okay sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The uh Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio okay podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online community I mean of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online for okay us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology club and you know the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these uploads are so originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting with those as they um happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and in well general to learn more about our club what we do and how you well can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to well take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start so your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having so a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to you know record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a well podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different uh software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me okay everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from you know my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the uh opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your I mean own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go um to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that well the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest way to make so a podcast and they give you everything you need in one place for free. That's uh right. They give it to you for free, but you can use right um from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools like to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping um. They also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass okay family like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and um many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your okay podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a so fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy like Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I mean okay kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly viable uh as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between Peaks uh podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins uh. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to uh go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits um. I thought this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of um I felt like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable I mean development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and like Kevin here to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed like today's STG talks podcast. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 well years to actually build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance I mean for a population 25 years later and you know similar to what many things well happen in the world. We usually plan something for the present and then so it doesn't end up working out for object data is currently a PhD student like at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment you know engineering with a thesis around the water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show well notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was in a okay transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and I uh had been had that dream for about 15 years and I think well it was in my vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started I mean listening to you, I left a really high profile job, and I did and I uh started a business. And for two years, I worked hard to get it off well the ground and I was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything like in my life. And I got so aligned and the business started and I okay got everything I wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in so a way more than I could have ever asked for no not more than you um could have ever asked for us in a way that I did ask for saying well that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that uh you know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can I mean t have a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because well we're just here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking like apart. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that I mean question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it so was enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other so. Meaningful ways to make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can um be totally useless that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and okay blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm uh your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have okay TNT Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing I mean so that you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We have you know brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit Tyler well had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you seen I mean this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think it's so a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a JCrew you know. Model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is I mean dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob you know. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you are you know and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting well me right before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to well do here again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got uh a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode of um the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My name uh is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to be you know a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in so a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to talk a like lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to be the well biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the Staples Center okay in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box the Lakers played the uh Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it is the infamous matchup like yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk about like anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is so a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free and you um can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can record and edit well and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as good as I mean my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded on another application I mean. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can Be heard uh everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make easy money you know for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No minimum listenership required download you know the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's okay broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls you know would be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life so during wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal I mean with a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle I mean Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as so she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust I mean as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge uh came into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge was you know the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and um night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush um in little circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're um talking about a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene okay. Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called you know the palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and so tricking Nene was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side so of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene uh was the daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, um it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are going okay to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this is okay I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together and um it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going uh to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a well salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We really well Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to tell uh us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is City way, uh they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give uh away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want uh to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so like excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a okay little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use okay the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many you know different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right uh from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download okay the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by so jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use well promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig order today I mean. Welcome to the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we like try to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is right well now and every time he needs to make a change she has to run like across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's part of okay the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the startup I mean lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You um have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it like and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right uh. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig so around in there and then I do get if I say, you know, if um I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and uh I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a uh lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host future okay and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and he's uh going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of Melody our well little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't like complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just well come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think the so goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me okay let me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start out uh as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were just uh talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your like favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you I mean become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen I mean to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're like traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you like haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h uh or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop it you know with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a regular Mom uh. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had some well shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one of which is you know the fact that I have literally not had a job for the past. Really I mean long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a gig here and a like gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my bank account. I have okay not consistently been working and I think that's for a few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds uh of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it I mean hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake so you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your okay imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a um heroic display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes them uh back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk so about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last I mean week and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not uh posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's simple uh reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys have so certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are days that you you know can make it and days. You just can't make it. And that is how I so want you to plan your week. I don't want you to plan your week to try you know based off of a certain workout that you're trying to either avoid or go well to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the purpose of the program um is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to so make a podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow okay you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would you know distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app you know a podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no well minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free um anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to okay another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome uh to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second okay century BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of I mean all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want you know to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast you know presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and well anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched uh assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, um Martin Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have like a thing we can actually go through but we do have is people well with jarring accents. They'll think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom um Walsh and I'm here with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to um be talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take I mean talk has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really well popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months you know. It's given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One okay of those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot so of followers. Okay, so a song that you guys might know that's really popular uh. Is this song Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a like podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop um. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't so too horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear I mean with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and um re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in like this show. I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community um. I then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the like basic building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing so how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot well of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming uh perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a like slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week work like was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app so today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development well productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and okay get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick readcom you know. App and download our app for free today. Summary of the one our content plan by okay Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction like Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give you a Year's worth of um blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you go all in you like need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've heard the quote give you know a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a so Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six um feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on so the porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to like notice a nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person well who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out um of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the um river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current okay. This was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on it. It floated so Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down again like after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and okay Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and I mean Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble uh in on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a uh sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something you know if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and so it's just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day well there are watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just um fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us okay in their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must okay have a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this well. Oh, it's just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about I mean those are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's I mean usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we are recording you know our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift through more okay often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual point that uh we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We thought well we might share one of them with you now, but remember if you want well to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us your questions you know and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I um did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I did uh like did Miami and then sort of come back round again and went into uh they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you so about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's uh creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and like anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify you know Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast I mean in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special I mean guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My uh name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay you know. So Catherine dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because um I mean I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like like I'll probably accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended well that I just For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to like listen to this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet I mean company. I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday well. And I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the okay Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is you know Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a um good show for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from okay the week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club so and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A well to Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited you know. I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High so cuz he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror I mean version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no other well reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him I mean through the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and um then we make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of um feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny like one our episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools I mean that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or uh computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on you know Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with you know no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place uh download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today you know. Welcome to the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, uh and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is um Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube I mean as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this you know week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race okay coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have week uh one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So you know March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, so I finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I you know just have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam for I mean a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home I mean free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we like had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will I mean say it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really well not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and you know I'm out of the way especially because now that I feel like I still don't I mean know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly okay about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists well and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and like that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save okay a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So so you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends okay on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and like whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The well apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done you know so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts so in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there like. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's well get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to like podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Dustin, uh what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean so far you know. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to since okay last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the tax like that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I you know don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, well we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was pretty uh cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really uh cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV okay talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after show you know and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good season so Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since um season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not so do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my I mean love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover so could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high school okay. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings you your so news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you know you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel well like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas I mean around for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make I mean a podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can like record edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or I mean from your computer. It will do all of the work for you put it out like on Spotify apple and all of the big names you can make money um with no minimum listenership. And it's everything that you need for your podcast right in so one place. So here's what you need to do. If you're interested Go like download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started um. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check it out and get started on your um podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken so level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for our you know first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old school like one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one of um my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones she well saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I was okay about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly I mean inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as like I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond I mean just Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of uh our time what happens next and how does all of this and you know pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm like going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. And it you know means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen for I mean a long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was well in our life and so important to many of us and I wanted to so just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know we're going okay to have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and okay sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness of uh humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind of join like me not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's um exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode so that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow um scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like you know this follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered you know around a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite so presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not well not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I mean I'm Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking you know about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but like I was telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't um it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as well much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week well or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are you um really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on so one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his I mean sweater already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke on I mean my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the same okay scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just okay gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this episode? like Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start well brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles like around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about a like heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, okay her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in uh England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she like was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back well when she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher I mean rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or um try to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of so that going on in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this uh podcast is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories um that being real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's I mean quite the opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to I mean continue to grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a um reminder that in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when you know our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons well the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So a big like warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and loose like and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got a well lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just well straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself well to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at I mean home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a I mean second year from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's I mean great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm I mean Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff okay stuff podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this you know really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to um give away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like so don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple uh weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're well going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to like do go to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of okay the page and just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe like you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different like companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier um maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is um better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek so. I love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull you know soap is dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We uh support people's right to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let I mean Live approach to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a um sober life. We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that well is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon so. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to you know record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your so podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many okay many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener like ships. It's everything you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's like try together. I remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young and I was so fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that body and you know had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series I mean and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted to okay talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but most importantly uh. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk about so it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just okay talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made me so who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got okay shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment you know to thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you grams uh 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of relationship so that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still learning so well grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the like girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little shout like out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello I mean. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I um have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never like seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, so yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but okay I'll be hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I I mean can make it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it so on them everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready like to talk about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I okay am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of like the the first like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like well actual key Concepts and other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching you know principle. So I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all well about the difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick um into what do we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold you know and idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it okay down real quick and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about um what we came up with what we what we have found to be true and so we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor uh app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way okay to make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We uh use anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct okay. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast okay. Also, there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from you know your phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So uh you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast uh and many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves I mean making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to okay read and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on so your spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a uh student of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person like. I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to so grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We okay will be doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like um a heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's well okay. It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep you know going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got um it live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode I mean. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're just gonna you know go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us - oh man. I'm okay just saying go with the flow of things the flow of the train. Hitting okay our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, I mean welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined the entire okay. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring spoon. Thank you uh. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted by its uh most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back to like Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of well a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make okay a tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we okay do a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of okay the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same uh team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end of the um season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we want to see okay against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last year's like premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more on the blue okay bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here with Chris. How are um you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good. Thank you like apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we would have liked like. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So this is uh the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr so co-ack. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All okay right. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't okay really talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, um obviously there's good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay you know. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind okay of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who I am I mean because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just well want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what I'm uh not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what links like up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing I well love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free anchor like app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In so this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire well. I am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story um time. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be so sharing the supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after the show you well feel compelled to share a story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories like with sapphire at gmail.com. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you you know hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're going okay with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is so a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two Astro and I mean phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a um last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed I mean to be riding him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued uh in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've got okay probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin very impressive as well two wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year uh looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump I mean of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over okay hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum okay bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts you know. We got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi so strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new well poll has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who okay we think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we you know think that could win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be okay and then we're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really okay excited about the season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a uh little bit. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into I mean it Saint Rose had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and um new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis like. And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing well show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the uh inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day this week well. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai well the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a country so in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full uh of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon so that would change. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm well going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the like coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation um about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About well it to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right like now in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response already well like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to another okay episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of topics including you know our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of so stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what I'm so picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia well class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them you know. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with uh the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first you know spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal you know crew with us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of okay stuff to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's um not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the you know fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is even Sports you know podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where I mean the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, you know first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot uh and a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it you know was a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the so roof. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably okay a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not um our number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and you know there were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure what uh is safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also well objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on the watch well of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money like on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down I mean the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back so to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged uh with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking so sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness okay special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym I mean on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists like landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about you know the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter well extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it okay and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have for I mean you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter extremity okay the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced to it like probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They okay just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing uh mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or uh throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today in this like episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian writer I mean with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards and you know Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and there so is something about the way he write his story. These the way he brings characters to well life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today I mean you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story you know while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to like get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till well now everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will well get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have um got this so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is okay your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and like I'll be back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime um. Go for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday you know positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much so for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that um you choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be so able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode okay is something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman well the very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social like media for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another uh podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London you know marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what I mean he has achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have like got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan okay. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned. It like would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we um have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I okay haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, so the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying to so pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast episode like set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good I mean for one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off I mean and you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably uh going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we okay said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning I mean in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you you know emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that well it's not like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go uh back to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage uh. Yeah, it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as I mean fuck what your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that I mean just because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like you know what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like so that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself so your children and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to uh create peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a so social media marketer writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I so am terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 so 9 5 & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools you know and distill the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, I mean everybody. I have a high five and that is that I have heard from okay read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's guest you know is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team so of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world starting like at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New York and um then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an okay all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to time throughout version uh final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked about how they uh became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who came uh into the scene and we all know who he is, which is Michael Jordan and I like was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not a so horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go I mean finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial you know. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is like Bianca and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot I mean or are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How was um yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons. So I so was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can talk about uh but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and FaceTime. We okay all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot of live videos, okay of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you listen well to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then move on okay or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so well I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that and that's um pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm not I mean sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where like we try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to uh make life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets so and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming live well on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm Dave you know Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and well look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, um hey, how's it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this so this special broadcast. We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have you know to talk about Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all like investors in not as users of the company, but we're actual investors in the well series a shares of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage uh that is kind of changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday uh. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you like know, we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's like helping fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for the you know homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's uh sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried I mean a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday um pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend like. We're going to start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this is um a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you uh guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his medium page so and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a living like organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll talk okay a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and thriving I mean Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're like here to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after uh the demo for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which like was the one with Drew Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won well the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts uh and the Jets. This was the game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed um the demo and so you play that demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, you know pretty much why you chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a um Broncos fan because well quite frankly because I have a horse and I went and um I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC okay bang today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the like fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a so material change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell well basically indicated that the virus and the measures that are being taken to I mean contain. It will surely way on economic activity both in the US and abroad for you know some time. This came earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we so said about the FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by okay market. The question that remains is where will the FED go from here? If you you know reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than so verbal jawboning. So our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 today so. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the do okay I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord. I you know have no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the earth um. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall okay be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood. I will not well offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is the portion um of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are Fallen uh unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless uh The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner. Saskia okay Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match um. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got so the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What uh is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be okay Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody well to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to so Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? uh Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where so a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic you know event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one okay of the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did you know with two mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a like slight electronic shock, but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave okay the shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could um get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a okay quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening uh to my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want like to start a podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one like off the ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions well. Like how do I record an episode? How do I get my show into like I mean All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from um my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor uh. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast and like you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the um app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's like creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from so your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and you know many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make you know money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta um grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to um do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store you know anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, I mean yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in YG's I mean podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're doing I mean man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea well how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot like f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms I mean. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a uh computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to um get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get you know the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your jig order. Welcome to I mean the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final cash segment with your okay host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to uh be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about okay this juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with I mean radiant energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your uh life. Welcome to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and so how to use Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of well a myth in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of uh a man's sexual capacity. That's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is I mean this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we so have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates like and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is well all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires well me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by um listening you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention okay it all begins with you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, you know of course, I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy so. I always say your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I um say it like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's fair to like how many okay people really know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do um you know that because it's like mine. Go with the guys and know um that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber you know joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just getting well over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying to recoup uh its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the right direction I mean. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On the mend uh we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night and you were you know sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck it out for like our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so for this episode I mean or actually before I get started with the episode make sure you're following us on you know our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot of things um over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very well. Good um job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this stuff? um You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it all about well Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of all, well it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are okay we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do like things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit I mean your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome well. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere um else after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't you know have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make you know money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast with you know no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making money man like. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need to you know to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me I mean explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit your uh podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make so money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast I mean in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three of okay my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two okay parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she um loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran away so with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, but within I mean a month my friend found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend um and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such you know experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to um be explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine well to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such so an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their like Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control so of what they would like and as a man this is important to okay your success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you want like to become a man of value so that way other men or other people in you know general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the well deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person who okay cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to do so very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit to explain so um grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes uh to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring this week well. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the I mean cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit well lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does um. Obviously we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect I mean to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob you know not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had like our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on okay the podcast last week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys like want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So you know myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we got I mean our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, so so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you there like are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die you know of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man um was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this man well wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison and 34 you know years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee hot, but your okay bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder okay. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his life in Michigan um with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here like at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and uh do something special a little bit different going to go around and ask so random teachers if they want to answer a question that my students have written um. I'm going to pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM I mean impromptu, they're going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers I mean. I'm sure in the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have like another official guest and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between um two Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going so to share with you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune um in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom from I mean the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor like of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you um through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the like film was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when they like voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it uh for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast um. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record well and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast like for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you so can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything uh you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo so the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the um Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long like. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled with uh the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we you know think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms visit teach well starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is is uh not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening well goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional I mean comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor I mean follow him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday so fun. He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am uh here with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam cast-iron so Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? Oh um good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we in the I mean ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for a uh while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, it's very uh very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We need like to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We do so that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can only um win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means you can learn you know something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide so in plain sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature you know. It's the infamous Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more okay urban legends check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new so Spotify only episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the graphic well nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal you know cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't believe well in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or well Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this well is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the I mean markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week well. I thought it would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills um aux-in. To discuss what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on like the FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking to well do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much uh and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to um be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments so account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about you know blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off uh my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was only to um the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do before. Yeah, okay fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I uh could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly like say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the okay top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to 1995 when um players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay you know off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports well events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special well. Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final uh buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed okay the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as I mean they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie um Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also okay the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping like people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week so as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with I mean anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds okay like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears like and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full um and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to like find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where um their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth you know for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where like to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not um necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to I mean my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a um wise doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me uh yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do okay you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the app okay that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I first like got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an app uh you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that I mean allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor I mean will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be heard you know on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it to so Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you can okay make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything uh you need to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to um get started making a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor you know app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am like so excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale. I was uh scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song as the okay best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it did for like me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of all time, which is uh called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first of all when you come I mean up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go. Um, man, I've nailed um life love is in need of Love Today and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and okay I love sitting and listening to it the message on it. Is that Love's well in Need of Love today? We need to give the love back to ourselves to like for loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted to get you to consider that you can I mean apply this to lots of things in your life and fundamentally you are in I mean need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost you know the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we um are actually making books and when you think about this, this is really well a mind-blowing event because we don't teach this in school to people but this is like really one of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be like better off if they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly well. My parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making like those books. We need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and like it's all going digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore with well everything disappearing everything from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I mean me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not sure uh if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no money to put um into it. So you're just doing it and if it works out great, you uh keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out of your pocket, which like was a big incentive for me to want to go with anchor. There's creation tools like that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer like super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard like on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make money from your podcast well with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any other podcast Creator and it's like really everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free like anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked like to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they um were young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal uh body. I wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to like the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously um start with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in uh real life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it I mean was super important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk uh about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking I mean to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love uh Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about like how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in so your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good you know stuff. I get so many questions from people as I travel the world helping um. Some VIP. So this is our time for us to be together and for well me to answer your questions. So here we go dear Lynn. I have been in a okay committed relationship for 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about so it than I am but it's a little frustrating when I see others getting married um and starting their families. I promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor um five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson well by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports okay car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all um love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do like I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is on you know fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't um wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name is I mean Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest um on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all well things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? like Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should say uh rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my um podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it like in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so um that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's okay so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few days ago uh and you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, why like don't you try it, you know as for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a like release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I well forget the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just well listened to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm I mean in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training gym, so I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but uh I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just you know filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all um these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going uh to be or when it will be but it just happens after you listen to so it for a while and then when you actually then go right let's plug uh in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you teach um your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your son or so little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to you know pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment our um bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's in well hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis of the 1980s like how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what its cost both um farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that topic than Joe Maxwell well Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been a farmer a soldier you know and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri House of like Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a little um bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts. I well absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools okay that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer okay and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify uh Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your okay podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that okay you need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it really I mean useful and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or I mean go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you well it's just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into well creating your own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes uh. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes uh. Good morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for so the next few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes uh of motivation some inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from well the word of God that will help you verify and identify the plan of so God for your life if you'd like to know that and um if you want to orient and just to the plan then you can do so so you have freedom and privacy to do that. But remember that God gave you so two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me um explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your um podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So um it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from okay your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in you know one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get like started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about uh talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets you know. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you I mean have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your like professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name so is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about well something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very so informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell okay me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade well. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when we grew like up so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it well rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment uh. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They you know just don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan uh Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from modern-day you know disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st well. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes uh. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead okay. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode for you so today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week I mean. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for like sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a you know special Lenten edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't I mean have a guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going to okay do some things that are a little different from what we usually do on a okay podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the well episode of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles um and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name is I mean Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy well to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical transformations you know in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having a I mean new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder who is a I mean life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens to be my girlfriend so. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so you know we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do um well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're like live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong well. Awesome dogs. Just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start like training your dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training uh in this is the what would you have to show when you do a uh one-hour show today? It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping I mean out onions, and I've Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been things uh working and nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh well my God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by well estheticians for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from okay a professionals perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our I mean career Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the so treatment room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren okay. I'm Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered well a few questions. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure like we're answering the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles uh. So today we are going to be having a very special guest on which is uh Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter uh Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On you know this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's kids belong um and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have like for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? This like episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video as well well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording um this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about nylon Harry uh because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music I mean Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that so I think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions uh about all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're uh talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and so listen to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a music uh Society. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to um get to call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up uh to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with you know only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on like your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only uh subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 okay Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan so. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has the so floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm um. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday okay in the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has um thrusted all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I okay have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting okay your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called um anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation tool uh that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or well your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be uh heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your uh podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one so place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what I mean type in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl okay lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected okay instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus I mean series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at you know BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green well and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was circulating not uh long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what we'll be getting I mean. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid Loki as well I mean as both a child and Lady versions of loci or straight out of I mean the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few times after being so brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at least so two versions so will be fun to see what else we might see in the I mean upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd well like to see in the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe well for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie news okay. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing so show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush so around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk so about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the um warrior Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that like ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The so Ashanti people had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and okay show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its like Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're like trying to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night you know and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. So well yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we okay figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're okay our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all the uh Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? you know Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in uh a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a I mean cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear uh and want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series okay today and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime um. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 um on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa you know Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back like with back baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been well going to be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna well Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we okay have no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then like we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna uh be completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but uh we felt a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though you know a lot of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do like another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? um Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we I mean all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in like danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going on? I uh need a fam we're back for another day another week some more than 90 so welcome you know back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes and episode like you know 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell you really Sonu. I so know and I know there's some I love okay so off the top I mean as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get to the news news, um I got some things on the top. I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a well daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live um with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we like do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is being well renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an eternal like weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things that I mean are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things that are seen well are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's so anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a so podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make I mean you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast so right from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have uh been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it you know can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a podcast okay. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make um money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record the so ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you need like to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted to start you know a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download the free well anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for giving I mean us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is free I mean. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow you to I mean record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute your well podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and like many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're so extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make our podcast and like you know, it's also an easy way for you to make money from the podcast with you know no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make a podcast all in so one place. So if you're interested in doing something like this, you know, go download the so free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to Started and and okay with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA Galaxy. I'm you know Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what up? What um up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like them. Anyway, okay when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on like top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of uh the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months you know. He has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch you know for a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn uh road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help well a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action so. And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our um conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to like do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so you can get uh to know us that more about who you actually listened to and then down well the line move very much want to delve into some of those deeper questions like that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower here uh. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons and you know stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab um your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us uh for this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey you know and some of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're um a part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part um of our family. Now, you're part of our family, you know, you're um a part of our family now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just okay wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show so notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the so answer to but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better like than to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just um to hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you well ever hear me every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far you know. My question was sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can I mean listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without um a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you so can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download okay episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to like with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, like be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify I mean or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you like never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal I mean Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome uh back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer uh your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I uh have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because I uh had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard it can be uh sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into this pattern of just like beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I know like better than to do but I just kind of got caught in a loop and like it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me so so very profound and the shift that it has created since then has been so powerful that okay he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm Parker uh link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas for like the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy too. As like we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have some kind well of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along with so us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking so as the beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch a Lego like Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters well. So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It was well the Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't you know know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford I mean copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart I mean some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's Street like Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 on okay this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding you know his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He would well subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of you know the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you have so to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help on okay Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to two board you know relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the important facts for an like infectious agent and at least one original board style question for the ism with well an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you well need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your okay hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope you know women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has you know blood in this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food okay money sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through okay our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink so bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are you know thinking cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had okay to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg um now, but basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy like with like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then you know they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do like stand-up. Yeah. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last you know weekend and she just like got right and did not try to get like to know me at all was like, what would you say is your main issue? I mean And I was like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little uh we got 48 minutes. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes well got right down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess um I feel like I always need to be in control and she's like, is that like what you do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I so don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's um word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply on uh things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of meaning like and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want uh you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So well please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with uh the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7. Please well hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the uh Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then well please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited about this interview so so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone numbers. We're well going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and your you know question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super handsome so wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? like I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here so if I'm not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you you know today is because it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me like. This is warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all like my stuff with me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff um. Just taking out the trash. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked okay. Thank you. Almost got killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being you know polite. So I was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into so the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I uh feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just okay say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month I mean or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like I mean tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I I mean don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because you know you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means so. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love so and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a million well dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and so this is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes. It's uh been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for a you know while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say the thing uh the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get uh into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks of it uh all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to well figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you know, we'll get a gun so. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, move it well down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always date I mean white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of this um and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up RG well Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I am uh I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up super early you know got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out did some I mean fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like what um am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then okay I just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with like my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for sure okay. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just got home from so the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on some food you know. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at the Miller so. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how in okay the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because well I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which uh I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on so how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are I mean free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the well out your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just you know download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started uh that anchor ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome well. Welcome to another episode of the good sign with me your host honest you know him in Tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's um episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a well name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name so kind of lame. But but then I was told that people may think okay that breakfast at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual I mean restaurant program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how so we doing? How's everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe well to help kind of supplement my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether I mean it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I I mean just ate Indian food and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and thank uh you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here so in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also a um co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have a number um of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, I mean Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's uh coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video okay click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If okay you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a so comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, I mean we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that like successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create well to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg uh. Forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so um nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled so treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son of then like New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast of what is uh now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim to shore, but uh he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two hundred well thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These all have one thing in um common, they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now we're working twice okay as hard as gone is now a weekly show in addition to our regular shows okay every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast I mean from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain okay Rosales and thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the I mean Mind the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing like into bigger acts in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather you know a local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which well which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? okay My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG recall I mean Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy I mean. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a um good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done watching okay the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was I mean windy. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here like soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson Bales well and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? I mean Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having me so and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I originally wanted okay to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle moment for the so three of us to finally be able to do this and on such a such okay a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at home both Jackson and uh Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals this weekend in like Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just tell us uh a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues with Jackson, okay you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my first podcast like you know me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so like much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you uh taking the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I uh do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to like the day after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I um was in a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that you know moment to Humble me and for me to take a few steps back and I mean really realize what are the gifts that God has given me what has God I mean given me to impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay well connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor okay its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation okay tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or okay computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify okay Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership okay. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the like anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there well internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going to talk about President Reagan fear I mean love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by okay Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know you know that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a okay king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with okay absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system uh. But look at England right now how much better would our political discourse be if we uh would just elect the king for every like a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump I mean gets to be king. But we have a like a boring-ass technocrat um. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's have I mean a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to go to well NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about so starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about well anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone I mean or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard okay on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast I mean. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place I mean. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started well is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how well to get the best deal what scans to watch out for and much more here's uh your host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain well it's free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right like from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you um can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from you know your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast like in one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome you know to our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it I mean good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that uh you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check out their new like release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme song is like called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered starting a well podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I can't tell you how like easy it was for me to start my podcast and get it up and um running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button. I had my podcast well out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms again. It was so uh easy. I can do it from my phone from my computer. It doesn't really matter uh. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do it. It's free absolutely free and so they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with so much. They literally do it um. All I can't think of a better place to start a podcast for a beginner um for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So download the free app today or go well to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started again download the app today. It's free, okay or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of an introduction well episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd give you you know a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be about I mean. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up for the you know upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven years and like I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about the uh game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why don't I give you okay my thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to players who I mean might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're you know listening to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to well management follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor so where you can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the I mean Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms like Definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for well this thing to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my I mean name is Adam Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are like a fitness based community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this well podcast is honestly something that's been on my mind for a while and it's um time for it to go. So here we go with episode. I want to uh talk a little bit about why we're doing this and what to expect and I mean who it's for. So let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one uh of our values that we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and okay a half years old is to always be improving. So I see this podcast um as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful uh Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as like well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and well other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is so Sam and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can you know go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you know you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of Tales I mean from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about I mean the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish okay for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets well globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick so one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is you know brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had uh a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other I mean day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you uh told me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's so the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory okay had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them you know how to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast where we so talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business and okay on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we are well releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers starting a an uh SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do to be able to well track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of search engine so results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into creating a website. That well is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've been working on for the okay past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how two hearts like keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've created and it's um it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on so the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to you know talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script you know I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to uh make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your like podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad I mean and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum um listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get uh this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We got um been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We um got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good um and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you record well and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor distributes uh your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're looking well to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts you know right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today. Oh my well God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain my okay West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's you know Colton Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast uh where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's uh on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank you okay all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around 70 listeners I mean. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi well Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the I mean honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time you know major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental yields um in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell given well that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is probably not likely I mean an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well a couple of well weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one of the large banks in uh New Zealand and they said can you comment on an article that we're writing well for our website where they were showing by the latest core logic data that I mean the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent so. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that is 5.1% and they you know said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where okay we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for joining well us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And well this week. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th okay of March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two I mean female podcast. Has Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? like Okay, so I know in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge I mean piece of news that was covered in the media last week. So I thought so it might be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller I mean you story that people haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter like last week and stumbled across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler so in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the uh audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this uh show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, I mean you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all uh of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me so. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon well with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking so at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different most well of us go through life and not knowing who we are or what we want to well do at least until a few decades in we go through many false starts I mean and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one that's truly right okay for us many companies are the same often times the most successful corporations um on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you please uh take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really help so us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we are um the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on March the I mean 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from so four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique time I mean when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will so be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So uh no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone well to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart well. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz you okay might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current phenomenal I mean hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our well 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about like cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but so I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really don't know why so listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was my frenetic trying to uh get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 minutes. I said to I mean all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to make sure the uh podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than when you show up to okay somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight well say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his like goodness and mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a I mean son we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus like. You may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are I mean aware of what is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message um for you from my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you so should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic I mean Cardone Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name so is Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? like I'm doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk I mean now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What a um crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And so far you know first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 drama mystery. There's you know so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans and then I mean I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the end and then of well course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown class president. So if you like guys have a class clown class present for this episode, please start sending okay them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am flying solo tonight like everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have some thoughts so like that I can also cut you as you guys as my co-host because I will um be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about Brandon I mean bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done it without you okay guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We also have a you know new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any apparel from Brandon um bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this episode. It's like it's not like fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast you know. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC well media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew like Gareth McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about you know All Things New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this like year. So welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've okay been chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about you guys uh. Me across to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was okay born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over well to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode uh. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that well you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or so a loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor uh and nutrition and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an um online counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and well disconnected families navigate through tough times. I love the work that I do like so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of uh social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the like podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from you know current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on uh conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also um plan on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something okay for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as um well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on uh this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in okay to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well okay. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few well surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you know you're well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a uh moment this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always really so surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good at that so and then someone asks you a question and you go always like that okay. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that so like I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself you know through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and you know you your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I don't like want to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset um says life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about okay doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast uh go to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I I mean said last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are I mean kind of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs so and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be I mean a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then you know there's a really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is I mean the team that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner like along with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my well mindset about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner you know Sports Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly like credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good you know at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this okay podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is um the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally okay free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to um record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute um your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and well many more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum I mean listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast okay in one place, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot um. F m-- to get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, uh welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you you know follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that I well post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God uh. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at real life well scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and speaking well very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind this is you know that as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but I mean we will our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I am okay so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes I mean. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected of mind has been um on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off social media so. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch of things well. But I think for me the most important thing is just to like get okay focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it back. But like then I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat your because life uh has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka uh last week. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the uh weekend there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a well panel and yeah had a good time in general so good to be back I mean right now and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've well invited Matt angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in uh this podcast. It's actually the second I guess he is the I think he's the vice you know president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick so update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I uh was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a you know boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're not like operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free this morning like Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'm Fortunately, I um won't be on the podcast. Have a good time guys and man I mean. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you um know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor um makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use and has you know all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right from your you know phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify well Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even if well you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to I mean check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F m-- you know to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back like to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks. They you know were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him so do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so like good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it I mean was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like okay wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you so may know and then I see him and it's like him singing while he's like like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I think yeah, well they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a coat um on and like the first note of the first song He's already got the mic I mean out of the mics and it has got the mic stand up here. Just so good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you you know listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one of I mean my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over tick like um you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and not you know have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton you know start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to Auburn uh and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and okay told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who didn't you know have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the NBA so they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took their daddy with like them when they became preachers and start a church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been to you know the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective um on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today. Got well a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and I really mean uh that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank you enough on today's you know episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app well today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on I mean personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting you know to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours you know. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best uh job ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated you know by Jim D Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a so living do you joyfully say I have the best job ever? Probably not right um. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of you know my time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is I mean me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start. It's so nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and I'm excited about so that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like to say that okay I like cold weather, but I think I like warm every now and uh then and there's some big changes that are coming up for me. I can't I mean quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to for okay quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand why it's a like pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm definitely like making a little change. I would say little I guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you who um have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert or so Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of adult development okay. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening okay to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview well of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the I mean last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't you know just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also because I uh wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for I mean you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What I mean do we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that like people like us, you know, when I say us I mean all of us like medicos, I mean people like you people like me people who opted to um become a doctor because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical uh profession was never an easy profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it so that we are opting for something which is a tough profession. We all had our like you know, older brother or brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody um with a when we go home. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd. Now look the like buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane you guys I'm your I mean host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll see well her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh um my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Key up so and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened on you know this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up okay with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town okay. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another uh few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is so that? You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have well to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's like good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves like and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are okay accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to like another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for I mean strengthening your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your um spirit. My name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the well real you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each uh other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why why so is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon Whistler well. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want to go look uh it up there and see the video version of these you can do that okay. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts or okay ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be uh kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching okay top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts uh about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime you know has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a you know few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best um known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from the only game I mean in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous friendship well is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to the university um Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm Kylie and you know this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern that we've okay had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we talked you know about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week okay. We're talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I okay believe you have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with your uh host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning in in okay today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why when um and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let me I mean at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about okay 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off uh at a nursing home from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working um at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, you know which is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit with okay people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and like we were able to see each other for a bit more than you know five or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to like squeeze in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at okay this point because they've been here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This so is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my uh to co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it I mean but I'll let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first um. Wait, I have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had uh to co-host and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host so. Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't you know working here buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading so and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for you know it. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to well help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time well for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near uh you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read so Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited so to delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders uh asked so we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our you know members this year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand so the membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and like bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up I mean as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our okay own take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas so basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches I mean basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of so tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third like episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about like the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this particular like episode is because I had a dream I literally had a had a dream where um I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in I mean a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal you know with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them I mean to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the okay challenges the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry so focused and complicated environment. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of uh the differences that came from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull okay of the happy and the hard then I went to a school for like missionaries kids in Germany when I was in ninth grade, and I quickly um came to realize that those indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able to put so a finger on we're not just in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The like knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining uh the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting okay your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig uh Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am okay I dating an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that I mean discover my channel every day and every week and so the information can be um very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee uh of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed okay one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking uh from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So um that's going to be on big little life right now. We have all so of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart like. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are like just two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to I mean tell you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We you know would hope that we would do and will also tell you what we have okay done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've um learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further well Ado, let's get started by do it looks of mine with the stuff from books well. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a okay brand new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until well then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters and like it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist for well the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated question about well relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question in the episode? uh You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom trying to figure out how um to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's dating if you I mean liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury research you know and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a regular basis. Now, so let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from the covid-19 related upheavals and I mean we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After so the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different parts of the world. If you like look at our effect sentiment index it now stands at extreme risk of level and I mean three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved to the current situation. Number so one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're um tuning in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that okay means I'm getting out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth so. So I look forward to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my I mean home gym ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind well of group grew up a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story um tomorrow and that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do uh it. All right, if you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is uh the first show of the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring like season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's okay my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your well host and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be okay real what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk I mean to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes uh them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going okay to take you back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes okay because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas okay and ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her so. Short story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma well unscathed on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was um a self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that uh I didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of okay my life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the uh finding perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent um of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course so New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes like only and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions okay expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the uh opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants okay on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their uh potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative Investments um are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they are not suitable so for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we like dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund managers like and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the like pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of well Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose like is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others uh across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today so. Jacques is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology okay data science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had an like impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary of your well career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you made okay along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is so all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe you know space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me okay in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold and um freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all kinds I mean of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love we have well for friends and the love we have for a significant other and all the I mean things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget I mean anything from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would well also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical state well to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the word tantamount um spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent as um in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech was tantamount okay to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term. ERM uh translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused with the so similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are impact supreme or okay preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both tantamount and Paramount like can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official episode of well the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat members well on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going down so soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got a um couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves real like quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a Garret everything well UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA so early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of okay the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're you know not going to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use well their wit's This is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the so wands. When Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So like I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made a uh podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about like you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think it should okay be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram post um and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, you know obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual so this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again well. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a well DM and you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is well pointless. I don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just okay didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me and show me a well DM and I do what I typically do when I hit him with an audio uh message and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth I mean with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're uh going to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and you know we'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your okay own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One uh Stop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit okay your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast um to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize uh your podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download uh the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, like welcome back. So been a couple days since I did my last podcast as I mean well as my last, you know update on this kind of coronavirus and okay all the things kind of surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this like YouTube channel could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that well way since you know, January 21st, when I kind of first started talking about okay it and so and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms I mean beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed so and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to I mean promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your so entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link like in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more so novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will I mean help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and I mean at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring so speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make podcast okay. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is a creation well tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or um your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be well heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily make uh money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place. Thank you okay. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking of funding uh their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and raise the well funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch even one episode like of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of okay the vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on well this podcast and there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say like if the sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got so my headphones and that is because I am currently in the middle of moving so so I have packed my whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines well and I'm in the middle of a hotel because I also started a new well job last week. And yeah, it's all decided to come at once like. But the reason I actually chose to do this podcast and do this by uh myself is because it's something that I want to talk to you about so just from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, obviously with okay being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council like for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British Council dot-org I mean. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast this episode. We'll okay explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and Beyond today. I'm joined like by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues um from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked okay to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working so on the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base okay and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina well. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? so Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on like anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain first uh off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you to record um and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast so for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons of you know other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor Make it easy well with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Honestly like. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny like Lopez for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the uh midweek memo for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all you know check it out. I fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our well at night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I so don't have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used to I mean kind of ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking um lunch break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and I mean I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about 2/3 Capital you know maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and what it I mean is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property you buy okay it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row like for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or well rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily budget okay for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if every couple of so months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is actually a concept that okay has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it um is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not uh on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have okay been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and I we I mean are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to meet. Eat um us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her birthday and I mean so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some of Friday off like. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was like my big day okay to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can unplug a little bit and uh be fully present with sweet bear and our friends to celebrate big shout uh out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to you know finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I like have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my well spirit to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The I mean knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining well the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course uh re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach you know Craig Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul um mates. So some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't like some of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you well don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I so have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 and I mean this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then like we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I hope uh you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are well just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was out you know in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good uh and it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about uh today. So I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son um feels the best right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured so like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those so runs. They're just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of you know course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own like horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world. There's well a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make well a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even well better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on uh Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need okay to make a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download well the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for I mean the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle up because uh we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to the inaugural well episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're going to talk okay about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates are falling in I mean line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that we talk about you know the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going to end talking okay about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost to no preference shocking so. By the way. There's ever anything that you want to hear on an episode of uh break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How I mean are you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, well it's been a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule so this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to I mean come out later because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if so you were listening before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii like while I still am when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So um this one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane I mean or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment uh trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so so on Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do um we really know about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me so and get your hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie uh graph. When we hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical uh approach to problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at you know the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim uh to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one well place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and so filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues I mean of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of um them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues as you know the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by uh surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I always okay thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly like me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm like in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was uh like, oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls like amount of times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that like shit and guess what? I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was you know french fries. They are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I mean I don't appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting uh we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based like on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and uh youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your well personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters well. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be reading from number 17 verses uh 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here. Now you sons of Levi it okay is a small thing to you that the god of Israel has separated you from um the congregation of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind like on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest enough um to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience exactly how you can I mean get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on or before the age of like 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I have been married for nine years had um three boys and earn four degrees combined with no student loan debt and have taken uh our household income from zero to over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a so year. We both want to invite you to fire the family.com where we well have free tools and resources that you can use to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where so ideas come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The I mean creative agency accounting Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising uh media publishing technology education and more the ideation process can be a little well bit of a black box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in so organizations. We hope these conversations can shed some light on that as work becomes more D um industrialized and more service-based more and more of us are expected to okay be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope is that by uh talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still managed to so be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap into our own I mean creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from watching how Conde uh Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You uh are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so glad uh to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow you know from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught the like white whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us. So well, uh thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How many times should well we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices so in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the you know Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There are so a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start a like podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you like haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain so it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your I mean podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can like be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some you know money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a so podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or you know go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want you know to take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and you know I'm having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth like out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those you know who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how okay to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for I mean you. Today is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying I mean some truth out there for you to give it some thought as you enter a so diet or if you are in the middle of a diet or even a I mean contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the like easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's you know free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that you know allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will well distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many you know many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard of thanks um. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything uh. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot like can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with uh anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to you know get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The True Crime like cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for joining I mean us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you. Welcome back listeners. Hey um y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the um things well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me I mean that the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six uh of us in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to so sit on a couch not walk on it not run on it now okay jump on it and dance on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's well for sitting that's it. So when you catch them doing it because they know I mean they're not supposed to but they just can't help themselves, but do a little uh Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency to well overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I uh was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate like everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we um shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out here trying well to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already well know. No, we have a few subject we go get into today and talk about um it discussion. You know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that so they got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not you know too long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host development Ronnie uh. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated uh to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first uh ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo um. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment and okay Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's um day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as well attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder okay of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your um hosts. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about um The Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and okay let's Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's so house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and her like son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture and so he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we um ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that well you would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it well down to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad joke uh I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I like responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His um baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried. And well what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give okay you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of you know your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary okay Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to okay right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you you know can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium uh user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are. So well if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search like for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and um give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's I mean see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode um 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot of them you know out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish uh Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would well be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I mean I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the like table each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing like the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport I mean to safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare I mean in the hot seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at you know the University of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and okay journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the so impact of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what well I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for uh overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and uh from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm so a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope and you know Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing with you know you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships um and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand what we're okay going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us um off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on you know to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should talk okay about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know you so were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, so there well was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two days. Days, Friday the uh 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un conference three and tar okay Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they also our country Canada got um outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great at such a like prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus of okay Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I also served I mean as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical Pharmacy. Today well. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all. Become an okay over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists okay at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that like I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm like good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you know you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid okay because I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask me well to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose I mean dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad well was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting well and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never well thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th you know or today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird so. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I like thought you were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little so bit. I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, well I guess we'll guess we can use it like well as well we got so a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast uh again? Just the tea podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just well talk about whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like like tea. Yeah, I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I well don't like coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my like personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I so think it's pretty good. What about you for coffee or tea or coffee for uh coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you made this uh podcast if it's just called just the tea, why don't we just named so ourselves those? Well, I don't know I do call coffee. I was like why not well we can call it just the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been you know called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted you know us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed I mean with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote well all the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're uh dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is the um law of God really written on the human heart no matter where well they're at. No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives and so it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically I mean in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks well podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock okay was there and I am also here we are three and one after um a decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up so looking like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We okay all know about that line and how it moved over the past past okay few days before the game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out well of taking the dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't uh have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope. That's you know not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I like cannot express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes with you so. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This is something um that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk about other crazy okay spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt like it was so truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health the okay culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire so session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and like we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we um put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little better I mean at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording actually like has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you like still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed. Let's roll okay onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world where two boys well talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of getting okay in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the tools uh and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired. I like am one of the few people in this world who got hired twice you know by McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast um. I'm going to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey well and 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings so go in here and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very you know cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act um together before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our like time off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a like lotta things that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially I mean given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any okay homework what needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start well packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to like work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because you know it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You so guys can't even wait to go back and like know I hate school uh. I don't think they really do like I think they like to see their like friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite you know article in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other so video about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well in like English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like like Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all uh. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German like that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and like for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's like literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor well and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so so great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can like only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight like to Anchor, but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms so that apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they so will be short and on top of that you can even make money off of like this app. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and uh you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for okay your podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get so started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome to the you know summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I am your you know girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a lot to cover okay tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk about and we're so just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and I've I mean got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the end for that so and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then we'll end it well off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are I mean going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class I mean and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali um my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position um where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options like might be going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's okay important that position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 so draft class has to offer we will be going Each position group one um by one in the Box. The draft has that it looks to be a major I mean part of how the Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard so much you know about anyway. I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're listening to and give us so a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised you know this episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people uh may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th like in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 like a.m. On October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by well a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching like we should close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you like seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't okay recognize you the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental like Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel okay should have been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned um him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his well way. Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well I mean enough the Sandman would leave him be all he had to do was steady um his breathing stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears like as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, like I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has um come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood uh in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do uh that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk. What like breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a thing. No you know could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can I was absolutely vile? well And I don't know why people eat it. So drink is it actually um tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem like is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think you're the problem you know. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way well to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot um. F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download well the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your like way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you you know want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever so you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once like again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot um f m-- in you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is uh Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss you know Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to you know 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear uh. The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could uh be the last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate um with honors High honors, I think in In the spring which is fantastic really um happy for him or take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you um guys enjoy it. You know, this is the fun time of the year in our I mean sport. This is March. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our um this week is brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We use to like bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is you know based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing I mean House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see okay you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember okay your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading well from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am like in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and my so body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories so that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks so as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never you know listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready so for the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people okay and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice uh reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist I mean tweets from 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA I mean chapter of the Ku Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 uh who goes deep to bring you stories like is God real? Well, it turns well out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett so I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the time well. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been up to so since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife decided probably um when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that we would okay move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting uh a little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode um. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to come like on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the sound of the you know Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel daunting and or like just too big to tackle that some people have a seem to have a uh natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it okay podcast. I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's uh up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is okay Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why you know didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his so I knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but well his regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan well Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our first so episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a bunch so of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're doing like this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will ask our good old I mean friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk so about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I okay hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of this um is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? Good. Thank uh you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now. Thank you okay for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners are little bit of I mean context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn the like other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012 uh. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm um Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first um we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made a so wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same for you. So if well you want to check them out, make sure to head over to sticker fide.com. Also, like no love City the love City where you get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And you know if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order like. That is no love city.com. And then also SD prints there are screen printing I mean company that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables website, whatever uh you got they can make a product for you. You can check them out at I mean SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate so in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but okay ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel uh of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect uh their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of you know pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators as like an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys well podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a okay little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will so admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a you know podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your like podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast I mean my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no I mean minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's you know get this rolling. Like a record record right now and I can just cut um it. Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone so like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's uh of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This I mean is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, I mean if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay I mean. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster well sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love him well. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little he's a I mean budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little arthritic feet so and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin okay senior Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia uh. And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect you know British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of like the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in like this province. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information like. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our you know office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, okay we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride you know podcast. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there my I mean hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was going you know over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today uh it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we are I mean recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today you know. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where um to find us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on I mean. Look at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitchescom so. Go ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that okay review and if you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't you know say it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of I mean the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay uh emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading uh shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but like both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit um passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its so cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username well saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the I mean show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners so are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show okay is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't I mean guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there so will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then well confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to so encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to okay Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, so I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had uh only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do okay is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click so post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in well all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do so not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also um need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have I mean some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or well simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back uh to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's uh heroines week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from like history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their like bravery and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived a you know long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and she uh discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying well a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with so her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own uh bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in so a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty Gale I mean Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved okay murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some well of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts uh. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes so dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy Thomas okay real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was pretty good okay. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of New okay Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and I mean what you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure so. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind the okay history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does what it says uh on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore um how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to so change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing okay great. It's kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week well I'm recording on a Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused so as to what day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things like on Wednesday. Does that ever happen to you? I think it's so funny. You like know like you think like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that I mean it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying okay on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris with you okay today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through the so offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special on first off okay. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into the franchise so and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans and those um fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of Angels of Allah well and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit you know about my firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge like fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day like long as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every I mean topic including the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all you know of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can so follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes so to listen to offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to like with your friends on Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download uh the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the you know your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly okay with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the mood uh in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's been good uh for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it was going uh to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss like or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very um good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to uh you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP will like get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were friends I mean and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how we do okay it how we get it out there how we record it. And you know, thankfully well I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have had well when we first started out this would have been way way easier and okay it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is okay by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need I mean. In one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording like equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on like your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the um creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you know, well if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way you know to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and I mean edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast uh for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you you know can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need like to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go like to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson well. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, I mean you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm okay great. How are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've you know got an amazing story and I love for you to share it with a lot so of people. Yeah, thank you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think like it's somewhat long overdue and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to uh continue to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times you know we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where you you know are and what drives you and what motivates you and all those sorts of so things. I think is so important to share and I've had great conversations with a I mean lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of Steel well media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect to um die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money D20 uh radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys and okay girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun episode so this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our app well to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited to have one like of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank you you know very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the biggest names in okay construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in construction these days in all like sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent review into you know building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the Granville fire I mean disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such poor practice you know to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My you know own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to be so doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a bit irrelevant like from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So if you are like a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've accomplished something with me um because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first and foremost say uh a big thank you to look for a line it to be possible if you you know haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff in on I mean YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need to spell out to like you why you need to start listening to that YouTube content come on now but you know away from all of that as you look normal. I wouldn't say a lots well happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen key caucus steal well. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a fine. I believe due well to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the like digital HR leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs you know to be digital. It's simply has to put another way. HR must become okay more digital and analytical to deliver greater business value. This episode is a break you know from our usual format. It features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people um analytics and future of work conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR you know skills of the future and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who I mean lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having spent six years previously is global you know head of people strategy analytics learning and operations of judicial RJ Milner who so is a global head of people analytics boober and is a previous guest on the show well Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future who previously held various roles at so Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per uh se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take uh control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you um down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right um now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life so. It is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of okay a living organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be I mean talking about is how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of so You feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger um and fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind of I mean the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have uh our first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil well plus. So I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for well me amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest like price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can have like a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool uh Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to uh choose from and they can create anything if they don't have it already so. So if you have something very custom you want made they will work with well you and they listen to their customers needs of what they want what they okay need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number so 20 coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great uh chat and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did well too and usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and so were small but we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people like I do this because I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having okay a chat with them and seeing how to do see if we are okay kind of similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So okay it's awesome. So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about so starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about so anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their so creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your so phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be you know heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from um your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in okay one place. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to I mean get started. Hey, do you want to join in on the excitement Live join me well every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you so can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern well time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the I mean car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors so the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor okay is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create um your own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So you know basically once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a you know playlist to Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you um upload it to Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I have to well say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what I ever well say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on board and I'm excited uh for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are going to go on okay together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like note books uh and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I want I mean it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that is another well story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see but I want so you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If you're driving, please um do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford so in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, uh March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo um for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss in you know San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row prior okay The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to well sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in um. Road that we're key games against teams that were at least on par with them Florida like a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver well who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up okay against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that um are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they um got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the um topic of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men you know. In other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are okay the things that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is like it that they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously uh to attract women. Well first things first that we got understand about women is number uh one. There are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want to um be in a love story. They want to just randomly run into some dude well in the supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it well happens in such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce I mean our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for okay the bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty I mean self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags of so cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money like off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm you know doing this for my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy you know with my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is in it like for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this uh business. Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice of someone um stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes or no after uh my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you just woke up okay. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready I mean and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but I mean we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every well Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on uh my head. Here we go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody so doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the man well taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going to talk um about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really about something called so cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for just well a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold to me well. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based on this word like hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation where you're adding uh a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create a beneficial effect I mean. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This is called hormetic effect, but uh it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast I mean and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember well to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to read um along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, we suggest well you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this so podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen so both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some I mean opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, like but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe like for work. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen like until you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the I mean podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking I mean about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me like. You don't know me as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money I mean days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we uh have done for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show so start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside well the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where every day I mean we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking well about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but we're um actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon uh was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a super talented um athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned I mean on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary so footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo uh 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a like built-in Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape so recorded by three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the like broadcast was over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed uh up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by anchor I mean anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of all, you know it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can match you with um great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That means you okay can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing right um now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we love using incre like you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's very easy okay to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut out some, so you know dead are very easy to do that as well. So, you know, if I mean you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing it go to Anchor like dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin the well lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And I mean guess what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're you know looking to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get well started this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the I mean podcast right from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do you know it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the um most challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered like and get it right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any um other place podcast or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make so a little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need well to make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head I mean over to your app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to you know get started. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This okay is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London uh is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan okay or smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your so actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho uh ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many um different names you called ho over the course of the season because there's been at least ho like ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember it well because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join Rabbi you know Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice and guides you know us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine so. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very you know close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if uh you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of uh dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to you know talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to like make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast uh for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more okay you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you uh need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go uh to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take you know care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some well She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to I mean do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor all you know that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring movie discussion you know news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon to you I mean. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news. We are coming I mean to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, we have anything clever you know to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about spiritual and okay psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D divide D so Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the akashic records uh all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today. I appreciate you like so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful being welcome back to another episode I mean of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much for being here with me okay today. I'm really excited to have you before we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding you know brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's me okay back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to yourself about like yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we are spoiling you lately well because we've got another guest haven't we we had a break up our uh waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to plan a wedding when okay you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off planning a wedding when so you've got small children and a some elements of planning a wedding when you're so pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we like are recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that well we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's the okay intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not okay in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome like. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part of uh your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so well but me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this you know episode's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks um coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to so man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th you know or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And as we so go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that first practice, like but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit as many okay podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open to the I mean media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the Beauties. They're well all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, so we'll have well an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we mentioned that last podcast like well take two hours to get a or an hour to get her practice so report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit on your computer, I mean right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite pastime okay will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end I mean there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this week so for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter Staunton I mean. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team since I mean game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In well the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out uh of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used to interested though okay well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the fact you have a lot okay of players on your team you are playing. Well the problem there was The like League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you okay guys. So we just got a letter so for you here, we I mean wanted to talk about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the okay last few days since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before um the reunions show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want uh to you know, take up too much time in the podcast after that. So I mean we're yeah, the internet is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think so now that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely okay see certain couples out there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we you know just want to talk about what we found out since the show and uh how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances um gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to like Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you so had they were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you know, you know and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you know, the the well death of the black church in the black community. E in the role that okay played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't really well hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every now and again probably you know last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic. It's like - you know that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just those so big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and so fire.com where we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another well installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire well the block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the um ER ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your uh fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness well and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on you know track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the like mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor okay to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, so too often finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if okay we do find them then on the other side of the world or is okay too expensive or they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for you know over 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year I mean. I've been thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I can so help more people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group like here. You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can okay ask me questions anything you like whatever you are in the world for a like fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on um behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to our uh show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review like the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband okay here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be well discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I like just want to share our excitement about our attempt to doing a okay virtual sium. We really looked at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's you know been learning along with us over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if so you are interested in sharing a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related you know to the death or something that we've learned together, please send us a message through okay our Facebook page or Whatsapp group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 like lists. I'm your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version so of video that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience you know. If you like this show, please do consider leaving us a review or uh ever get your podcasts. That would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm so Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today, we're you know looking at the top 10 real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli um agents of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the uh 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing okay to do with the terrorist attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a country um attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret so agencies and here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you I mean get into the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the um long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism well and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is you know thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you so reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see so you. It's been many years. So I've been looking forward to this for a very um long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child you know sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of you know a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married their so victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 the government okay announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing paper you know. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to address the well enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly podcast so and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far so and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a mistake on uh the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put out and I mean about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it so that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not a big difference, like but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to uh set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do uh the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do well it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the uh top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody just I mean why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat like snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where um we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist Dan um is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first you know aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that Bailey method okay Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange County in part uh. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording a you know drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So you see exactly uh how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two Dives little deeper you know into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can check those out uh at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check them out on um Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry I mean deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, like Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is well going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always on okay the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to okay But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you okay can be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you know um Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the you know greed wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman I mean alone, which is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you uh. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me like to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am okay so grateful for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story I mean and forty three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School so. This girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was uh just so fun to be around even to this day. She is still okay full of life and so are her kids. I love her energy her well philanthropy her love for people and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright like. Well, thank you so much for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank I mean you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm okay sitting down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him I mean from these various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power okay of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of uh things like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait well whose farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's I mean a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey uh was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you uh know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about like. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining will be like when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with um Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on you know electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV Zumo TV um and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one. You uh don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it so helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as uh we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc okay a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're a um James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it Better the okay complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike okay Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we like have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can like follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping so in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast um. This is going to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I uh normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you I mean having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement um right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really is like like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as it's turned like into and now we're you know, we got this live event of cork and so Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying out a live so broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going okay to two shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where so we discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and I uh want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a I mean collection you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want I mean to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the whole card okay industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or worse? I think well if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for some of you you know would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away and for others you know you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not um try make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's I mean free, which is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and I mean edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done you know they'll distribute your podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other so places. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchored off so. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt uh Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This okay is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the so rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more um places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got well a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website life you know and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams. Plus so it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are okay behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl like game against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling like y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I so love what they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast um. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to I mean record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your I mean podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more um you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is okay everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or so good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This um Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not um just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe I mean that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account so. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North um America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and well an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great well selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins okay to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October um. So be sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that uh Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you like as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at uh Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team uh. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining well podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are you know joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work you know projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean um hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space you know. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at the you know time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame from birth well was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put every so day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw Peter and okay John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That him as so did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them his you know attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York okay City in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln like Center cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline well in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did like look pretty hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea you know showed row upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a well bunch of rice eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder you know was a bit of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made I mean when no one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my okay fund we already had FX in the region but back in those days. It was uh almost like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast back for um another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the weekend? It you know was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep in which was lovely like. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being back here in PA, but um it was all right. I can't complain man, you know on Friday. We had a show about the like woman who membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a so suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek and they have internal and oh, I don't I mean know if you should go back to Florida. It is full of really really weird you know people but it also has Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh well no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of you know all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and two uh of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo okay speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the crown so. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still hopes um that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his I mean chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend. Of course that's uh out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city well liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel secure as king to like be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the you know wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none but he whose so being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would uh be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I don't I mean have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't um be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self you've you know reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake I mean the sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved well one, but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life well and my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because I mean she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life like and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of living okay with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived problems and so worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple fact that we like all only have one life and that none of us are promised another uh day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current health well status after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or the relationship uh that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next year uh. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and uh you certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I like interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and I mean opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the uh easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you so everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download okay it onto your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record well and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to I mean Spotify. Apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can so easily make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the like app anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan I mean Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going well to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is well Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by so my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and as is you know typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known virus well out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant uh to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just in, you know California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is okay Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have you been watching you know United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at um you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad um we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today I mean we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of uh today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of interesting email I mean here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling like me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where I well guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting a divorce with um his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she was having an I mean emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's completely so changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing like is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any um kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast okay with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, well but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting okay some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when you know we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a I mean podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months now okay and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually got go to my uh I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind um of weird one were both jumping on the train and without a couple of business you know me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world okay ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I like don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and you know keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna like hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about uh how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much um you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you okay know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you like gotta be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you okay wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't well you you better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep like moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know I mean it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And uh we're I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in well what three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers like that we will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe you know Monday here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry you know. I got my week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't you know know what that means. It's something political and shaking his head at me um. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your well four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I okay believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this you know week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What uh up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests like from Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude um and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty I mean Gale Brown from the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of like Kentucky. She was found on her college campus strangled to death with her own you know bra one man confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to like Betty Gale Brown that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders well free on Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature uh of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions um of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution okay for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer Aid conference I mean which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in uh Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus um on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators always okay seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those stories uh through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill a whole okay presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here so. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No I mean slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go for 45 well minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those I mean of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the I mean guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This like is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're looking at like one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century. It's a story so about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous glass dome for like two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd imagine it like all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started to get a okay bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think we all so knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I I mean want to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you so from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time I mean. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound like so you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode I mean of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet because um we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that we I mean posted at by the time you listen to this a few weeks ago we well found Mice in our basement. So we had to put our project on hold well for a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, we're sitting okay in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three different places. This like is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high so, what's you know the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week and a so half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and um this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina I mean season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and you know don't forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go I mean through our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be well sure to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now uh for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter um just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw um. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots you know of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank like you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's like get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What okay do you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple you know things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin like bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with like Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated and by I mean women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week and uh we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This I mean episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We I mean advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at you know Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial uh leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as well president of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least like. That's what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells uh Angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members okay of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other so religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to so reinvent religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a okay friend while listening to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, um which I highly recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of um the speakers in my car. My current workload prevents me from getting it uh replaced. So instead of Music I've had to listen to stuff that is well still enjoyable when it's only coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts you know because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go uh to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the I mean best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put you know it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use so it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and I'm I mean so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if you're uh interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's like up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has another well partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has a like special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner. So your um partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a relationship with your partner you know. And so you have a metamour and you want to know this person. Maybe uh you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table okay poly, which is the idea that you can be on such good terms with your um metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs so and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you want to be besties uh and you know gang up on your partner from time to time or have threesomes or I mean whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in conversation episode um with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing an um action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to okay find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may I mean have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group you know of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome I mean to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I you know actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these days okay. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of people well come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out you know. You got a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes like in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened well it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you uh saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of have that like habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words. And so uh okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad angels I mean and we want to remind you that that there is a stream of well-being which like you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any who for well whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment with that like stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that is um so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta gibberish. I'll I mean be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be here with so you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How did I come you know up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about so like over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I was I mean thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when like I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was also looking you know for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and I realized that uh a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're obviously like we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I like wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network uh front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you uh know, I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well I mean romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many you know kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of uh self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of this community. If you're into you know romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It well includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah you know Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on so it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the well world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the well most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're I mean exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've well collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us well explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime you know world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify so or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be so posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone uh to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me okay and you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we like hope you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here I mean at 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally okay literally make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some so sight. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we okay just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat I mean we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us again like. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves in um a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at like this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or like something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, you so know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak for yourself I mean. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but that just has um because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from wherever we um are and we sit down and and I think most of the time we okay do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm I mean glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you got me well last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week well late. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to like New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of uh stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had so I mean much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear I okay have errands to run I was linking with people that I see in uh a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying in uh New Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews you know and it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house like and no one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record you know before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and like my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping like it raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific okay topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode I mean on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I said being okay a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed by I mean our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's um weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, I like believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah uh. Boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait well for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's so extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in the well maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out here well. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, but you can tell uh it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used to being known for out you know here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been positive degree temperature every day you know for the last I think week something like that. Well, it sucks here so good for okay you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes uh depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for children um under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home okay for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the snow-covered um World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic architecture well. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your uh Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the idea of a okay walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like uh a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a uh straight line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with I mean hot dogs for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the uh space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us um. And Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake um. We all know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, um I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake uh more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're so counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode you know we go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial um where he was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial uh two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back uh tomorrow for more shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special you know as always you can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of you know viewers had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to okay brew ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me you know itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few I mean precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again um when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of like sleep you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself I mean you scroll through ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment uh this week as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like so the cold programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will uh rain and the precise temperature you don't remember exactly what 42 I mean degrees feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check I mean your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas. And today we um have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and I sat down well with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and well the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are not aware of dr uh. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend behind stem Genex he is the okay founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for the record some I mean Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo and his team well have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of uh the doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and like operator of dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is you know all about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in uh by an underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because uh he noticed that most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put um out our mixed in some form of a circuit. So you want like to know why that is. Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it like just my style? What is that? So we're going to break down the science and we're like also going to break down some reality because you know, all the science okay in the world. Sometimes can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about I mean both and then really why I choose to do them and why I do believe um that it is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as you like can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was for episode okay 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great compliments well on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app well today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal okay development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work so and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to I mean Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Art well of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated by I mean Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy and often uh sat in visible in the back of the class. It was when her third so grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about I mean starting your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll well anchor is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host so this podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor okay we just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you uh just hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple okay iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and well best of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile so app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each I mean and every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this um without you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a review join okay the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent Links okay at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a like podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and uh edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast well for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more uh you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything like you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or so go to Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking you know for the bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking I mean for the bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some okay workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle you know to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need like this plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll um repeat again. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week so plan which consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also you know get access to the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to so do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a I mean sofa you might get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment uh and stuff that you can find around the house. And so if you answered yes well to any of them questions at the start go and get the planet is you know also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, I mean but here we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make well this one on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you um know, hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, um here we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie uh out. Hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a uh young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we well watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to share like something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of so funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last okay Whatever you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps okay that I dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman well about my age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one um of the dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that I mean was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're you know up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting um through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of I mean different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the you know Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for okay having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to I mean us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no okay. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace so Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about so it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of like Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be um no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following that well way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, you know well where else far far away where it takes us months to create new uh merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / um stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are super cheap ringcom okay. Doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together. We got that like shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you. So fucking much. We okay love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many different types of designs so. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is like it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess vigeland the like host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going to explore well the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay ahead of the like curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops on March 5th. You can okay listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma is reply all and well BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going to tell you a um story that I think you sort of remember but maybe don't know the details of um okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because I was having hard time I mean with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm I mean just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff well Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to you know people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist I mean extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage uh. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having uh me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own like medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people uh and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for uh me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give okay it give it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously uh this morning you were on the road. It was on a phone in or so do you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from well the house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day uh events, and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm here you know to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are listening to so the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out you know there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice heard um out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the easiest way to make well a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation tools that allow like you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer okay anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify um Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not even well pushing you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything uh that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today's guests uh are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the gradient a you know creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the brand side uh at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a masters at Harvard um Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter and well then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces a few months well ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here are a okay couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start the like gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes I mean listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to um thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a so podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's I mean a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your I mean phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be um heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast like with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in one place like download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to well get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good cool. I started I uh started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a well victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark I mean side Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions so. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast so series chronicling the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your so host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very I mean excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean I mean paddlers in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning okay Molokai to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world um. He does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today I mean is not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some okay amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome well to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to um get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of I mean wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It you know was looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is so swung around and they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name um is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We I mean have Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this so is an interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because so we so I was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So well it didn't do one then and last week we did a podcast and you okay always have to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing so it in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of like Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks like of the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day um of traveling the sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was so in their midst. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp like lured by bison meat that had been hung up to dry. If it decided it um wanted to snack on some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of uh the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys I mean know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you well haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain um it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit you know your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my uh phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you well. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make well money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's like everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app uh or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the um show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're hitting you with um a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this year did okay in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast I mean where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your like hardscaping business in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week like. That means every day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based like on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this like week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime okay friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with you know us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any like clients, but the best clients into your business. How do I identify them and I mean how to get them into your business as leads and where to take it okay from there? So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So like without further Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark um Morrison. He is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services I mean provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make so a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record I mean and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your well podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms you know. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership is um everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download the so free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome um to the node or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler okay at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is this? I like don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast you know. So a big question that I get either via email or over on our I mean YouTube channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store and uh they want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch you know. So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick you know a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You uh can learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link to I mean that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know all so that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the business then the okay question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you make that so website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your okay first sale? So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over uh a couple different options you have and then let you know what I do and what I mean I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad human okay being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two you know very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi well everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi so Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break. Yep uh. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you had you know quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our uh lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called okay anchor anchor is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So you know if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor I mean anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and record you know and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes well your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and Spotify uh and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of you know click the button and it goes all by itself. You can make money from these podcasts okay right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that I've written you know for them so that I can make a little bit of money off of this podcast okay. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th like episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show well. We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk so Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at uh Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell so at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into uh this show here before I get into it as always be sure to like well subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself some like swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that every single well day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place by well far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They so literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody so. Welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my uh words because Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this like is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I mean I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We okay just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this so podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy so a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm going to okay talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement so from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open um relationship with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned I mean. Welcome to the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you um haven't heard about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to you know make a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun uh and it's free. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk I mean. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing like it. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I you know have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we talk well about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading you know the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have uh to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea okay tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading well Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock okay right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to see uh if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when I so read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went to his Instagram uh because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here you know with Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's you know hilarious. I think you guys will think so, too. We're recording well here from the Beverly Center and I can't wait for you guys to listen. So I mean enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank so you so much for having me feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein like. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank well you so much for coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first of so all because I feel like you're what I would be if I moved to so LA like you're an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if um I stop being such a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode This like is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once a okay week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go well live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So uh if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So you know here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able to you know get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not connecting and there um is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up okay an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month like. So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly well. Anyway Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion uh at all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium well Leisure corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian you know McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in you know the United States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that I mean those cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred I mean. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're I mean scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned that states getting like hit very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated I mean the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who had visited so the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah uh the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no you know rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today we okay go get into it. And basically we go talk about the system the uh system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why you have a Mac well bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get into it um because a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down this boy so. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but you know I get into what I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk I mean about that. Also, it's stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club well with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is um actually talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, um yes, he came up with that. He came up with a word awkward uh in our acronyms. So very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself um. I'm Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am you know studying I'm studying Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you you know from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? um I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport like with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as he uh passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge uh. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight like Personnel. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to you know Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free I mean tickets to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick you know look at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly well assured aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and welcome uh to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to the um top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career like. Everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with so your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be um digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a I mean look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Aldo well Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in like Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia okay and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I you know named to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics um rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but you know rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name okay a few join me each week as I dive into these topics and much more uh now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs Beauty I mean. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with business and like Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take your okay business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited to I mean share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa teesta you know. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she I mean works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and I mean etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things like. She's a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys so. Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this so episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title so of this podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started this like podcast. I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random well stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then um as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out so what the theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice so a lot of the things that we covered from the past few episode is you know about mental health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or as okay a young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast will uh be basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should okay be. So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast uh and basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the upper um decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy you know Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got uh a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our AL well East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the only real big um news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let uh me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the floor so and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me do um this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going to like talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of the questions that I well get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and what to so look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and then make sure to uh stay all the way to the end because I just started a new segment you know. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where I answer a random question uh from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six and creator of the like blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share with you well my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the uh topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in so life. This is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality well is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to so feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going I mean to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really you know great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other days so it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just okay a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in you know your ear and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or like that business you want to build or that career you want to have is I mean just unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This is I mean just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we like have described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on uh the show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month so that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the um goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the best you know coverage that he or she can get on a regular basis and you think about uh the idea of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches like that we have had in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into like office some of the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life like and that brought me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a motto well and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also known as I mean her a team and I wonder with all those a names do you like get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal you know justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with okay Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband well served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she feels you know her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm well here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? um How are you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like uh just chilling in your room or you really sad about it or what's so going on? Your first love is always like you never forget your first right? I okay feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium and together I mean. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices in it. Oh uh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, you know but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a okay trifle what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how uh can I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We like are friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here like with us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming from well San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to share okay with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true like. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True. Yeah uh. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story for a well minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? um How do we what do we think of what we title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage uh all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM okay to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did okay not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only so known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do uh is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click like post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in um all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do well not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You well also need to make use of it. If you have a message if uh you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world okay or simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram I mean everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle uh more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy you know this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on social media well. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers uh dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love you like to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you think of I mean it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with the okay lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or like reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of so the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program like the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict uh on but no by at go by in a module on barring my so muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what okay keeps Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running um for a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on okay my travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations I mean. Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for okay joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's start with let's um start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something uh. What you know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire like life. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have you know our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my best you know friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we want you know to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major okay event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the um bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a you know whole weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe so 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from so way back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is okay. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up okay Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time so no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot uh minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up like on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked um randomly and stuff like that. So not as much I guess for you and you know I but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been uh a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch like. I'm always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting like skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've um already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot well of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams play okay for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks both of you uh on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to the companion stream and uh you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan. So now you're um actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live say I did not I mean that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities you know about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my like selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of to like, I well woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together on um this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of your well own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that you I mean are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities contrast is uh causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source. In other uh words. You are creating the reality of who you are as the eternal. Well well being that you are and you are also in the process of creating the okay reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute and we want those realities you know to merge and the only way that those realities can merge is for you to um come with us in other words because we're not going with you. We you know are not going to complain with you about the injustices of your world because we well see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this uh episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We um advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old so Alia ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a well graduation party when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was you know From an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the like other girl very well. They had just started volunteering together at a children I mean summer camp a few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude uh. So she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out um to a party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the um Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here um. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has. Hi well guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with blind okay. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta is so that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to well have the family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and you know Vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the you know past and is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner uh any reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in you know nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based on like the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion um statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster like bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name is Sue okay darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show you know. Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine start well brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in um the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic like women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have well helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that like people have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the well United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with um Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help so you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and uh then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through the okay Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in the shingles like rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a small um dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was you know locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt an evil presence uh enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life well through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host Dustin I mean Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and um Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's uh unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a uh yes they did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most uh of us believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't okay we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you well from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? you know Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs um. I know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to you know two girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's so G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why you know or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix I mean. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has like been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim okay Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only claims like. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions. So, you know please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be long okay and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether you know it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go well beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a so cup of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before we do you know just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet and um subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's uh no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your you know day. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on um the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this okay one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just going well to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out of it I'm I mean staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay home from um work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted to make um sure that I got on the prayer call before I went back to bed. So uh today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate well of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have um tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these well episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday well. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups um follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash uh past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola with so Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear well separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my like hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat uh Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid like joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are so there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in you know the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm uh really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned like psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing well to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let uh go of whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back so to be on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having you know me back hug daughter of mine. You sound like you might be getting over you know something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top so of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if uh you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I like reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link I mean in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie well was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire uh Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie um was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so um she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie like would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now so I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts um down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News you know Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive I mean on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure okay you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz uh TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready you know for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next you know speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and well Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago uh she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves well on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and like events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's you know a CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, like we've had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum well with Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to uh date. We also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan so with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people okay who listen to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of you know the world. So we're going to keep finding people who know them well to um explain them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons well. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie well - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating like character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser I mean questions again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So um send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all you know that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since we started playing I mean doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you you know haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a lot uh of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I uh mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me um explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast like right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it I mean can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money well from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make like a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred on FM uh to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on health and like wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician okay with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford um copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you like outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's so Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th well 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa uh Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim you know was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the Santa okay Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night well talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow so ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring like and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the other day I mean. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there something going to uh shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or uh not? Because they always write a five or six or seven page Arturo you know whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, you know so know, you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text well in front of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from um Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little bit so of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things you know about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast well. There's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast well right from your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the um free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it out uh. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to sick um parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with uh people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have uh to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website I mean at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you uh how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can okay I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh so good. You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 so above so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like uh don't allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce like you? Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already know you know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it going? so Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray I mean the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all like about the only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene I mean for alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't have okay any other excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right guys before so we jump into this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you know you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because well everything you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy I mean seeing you here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about like polyamory and kind of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey okay. I I don't really know what to say about myself, but I guess so I go to school with a Brielle. That's how we met and I study well social work and I consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I like engage in a polyamorous lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? you know So to me polyamory is the ability to love more than one person at a you know time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you you know want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that okay Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in well the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was uh certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley you know was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this so straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any okay other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right well now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your so thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor okay News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep um dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make well sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on like AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just like okay I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real real uh thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met a lot you know of the three babies we have he is the one he is the one uh that loves music so much he will walk by the what is that and well home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him up. He'll touch I mean it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved music so much you know to the point where if he can't touch it like he will start screaming until he I mean does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I was kind of uh in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how we're going to so record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are you well a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open I mean. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again well calling in because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, um we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're here like. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top to worst you know sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer he plays hockey well and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey I play like soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off? All right. All right uh. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first injury from way back when I mean I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this one. This wife you this okay one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and so I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just um keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat uh with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi well Jenna. Hi Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too you know long. Tell me about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna uh. I'm excited to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much like Beth. It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for you know me. I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters uh. She just raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend I mean category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading well faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony Davis okay are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if so it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered I mean that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with um your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to so discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New Age so stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows will be okay just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other shows will have well guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join me on this well journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today's world really I mean looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have okay a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you okay don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop I mean. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing well make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately so winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from you know the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky you know GH with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings well. Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings um and I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment well or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement um. They're just going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them okay will require some deep thought some might even require a little bit of investment and so this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode contains uh strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may find so offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly was irritated okay. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office. The I mean whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff. What was okay the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa you're involved in so a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage client had well helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not uh just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is you know the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know what I mean you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more uh that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of uh a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at so my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is not you know a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin so in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen like. It's called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the I mean theological virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as uh our happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but so on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we I mean strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible um but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first and you know active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you I mean haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So um let me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to um do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast so right from your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor uh will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple I mean podcasts. And so many more you can also make money from your podcast with uh no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this is I mean our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed this word I mean increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with so God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go with um this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is so it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second um chronicles 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday well. I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this so word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, welcome well welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really really okay loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of you know the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you are um here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and you've got to well be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to make like some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you can you know make a difference and I want you to see that as something Really really uh really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take things I mean for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to so find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am so. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which um you'll Be announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? so We have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the uh good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know um already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson well and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer of okay 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge a Our okay cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true crime history in uh this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like the headline-making Zodiac like murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned their way to okay the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this week. We're you know looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My name so is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that okay I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that you know I am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those things like is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you I mean get the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of uh the things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before so starting their business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven like one agency created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert I mean digital agency here in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in I mean the Middle East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas you know will learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with okay less cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm like your host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend uh Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say um wisdom comes with age. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know you know who said that I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe well and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's so begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy uh spirit. Amen was called a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think you know the most exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God already had you I mean and I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that so no other person can or ever will take we were designed for this well role and only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father I mean favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a okay specialty in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce like to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that you know we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to so make it a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here um we are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we um kind of just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made um us start this podcast and how we know each other and who we are um individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's an so introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know us. I'm so you know without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm I mean Andrew colvard. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest you know one. I think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in you know the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? I mean Exceptionally. Well really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good so good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the like results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into okay it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel you know Festival selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade you know 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've like currently got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil uh our home at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still like listed and seven to one but I believe he's going the article um samcro. To one for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's well RSA band Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank um for teens melons 16 and so on so forth. I think it's not really well a race. I've looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse to uh the back, but if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV talk now well. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize. I uh know we had so many people hit us up saying where is okay the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having okay an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch I mean up. Have a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast okay of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie deleted all um the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know how to work you know anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just editing the video uh cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the trash can which deletes uh everything that we just did and set up for the past. We Yeah, so we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't um figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me so give you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if um you're wondering why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in like no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people so and popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm uh your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life you know. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't well podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta you know tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the devil I mean who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the head of I mean all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from the law of I mean sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot come near you know me. I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I Am Without well Blame before him in love. Love I am in right standing with the like father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God that surpasses like all understanding greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world um. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I have put up the old okay and put on the new I have been given and it's been given to me. I so have no lack for my God shall supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all the like shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will not I mean be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because we're okay going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be more than so one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all this I mean chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm excited like that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar Jackson um and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, okay I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im okay here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's so Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial uh the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today um and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering so the 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were okay considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of I mean the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast like is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a few things I mean. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors uh of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering I mean your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on um iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review. I you know promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So please I mean ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit so me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Choi like for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod. Maffin um from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you think like HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube launches a very like new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and putting other so people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what you um missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital marketer does and I mean set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels well from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control. So imagine your uh surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything okay from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you so can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode is um brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We okay wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is I mean exactly that they give you everything you need in one place for free and like you can use it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things um we really like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record well and edit your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be I mean heard everywhere and they have some ways for you to make money on your uh podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try so and make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener discretion uh is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about to hear okay is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's episode well combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give okay you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves well lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named um many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed you know in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy on which okay means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you uh. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much um better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try I mean to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you know you I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you um see you're one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah I mean. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as well soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I well am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that well it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be like a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody so our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we uh have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's well your what's your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your uh Vibe? I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a so long day at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with like the legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star I mean. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today um and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's okay crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 so. Today. We're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty I mean of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's uh go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a um time what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if you know you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate um the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can okay you believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was well just writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host okay Jonathan Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character you know. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South okay University of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us uh some of those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, uh I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your like host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to go okay over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter 2 I mean season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives operatives I mean. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little you know bit about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make like a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you like to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will okay distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast like and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership I mean. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor well up or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode you know or of the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court okay of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City so bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's I mean decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back uh to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in like Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is so advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski like and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town so of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by smoke Pulaski so and his Squad were on the front lines of an effort to combat. Thousands of small well wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and um his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest uh to Halt the fires, they were overworked and understaffed. But many members of the service you know still believe the situation was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect uh those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions well of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the I mean regular program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict okay on but no by at go by in a module on my so adding my messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to um say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that okay mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has um simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do like all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you okay create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you waiting for you know download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus I mean after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he I mean gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God well to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be well with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to him I mean and he says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus says while I mean I needed to be with the father but also need to go you know somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack uh. It is the attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it well by being with God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be well talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host so for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You uh might have heard this term. If not, very likely that you will hear it like soon programmatic advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction I mean efficient and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one I mean technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 years you know American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do you I mean believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave bahr, my um American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on everybody I mean. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my you know best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night. We like have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I don't know uh ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your okay Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, okay you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned so in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading okay an article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust uh the source? I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually well thinking not just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be uh able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In okay the history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers uh whore. Ah, I mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's um from PJ Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's uh also a number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig so the 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you I mean guys for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling okay Stone Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times like that I look over this list to see what's coming up and I get excited uh because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting you know real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick like a poo pants AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls so AKA old grey balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please uh write me if I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about okay last week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast uh with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you you know Grizzly. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey okay them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down you know the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one so of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The excitement of well thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded well for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to well our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July 27th 1996 uh Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the energy in the uh city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division I mean two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do I mean division stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on so diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of well the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over uh the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word. Even okay if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is related well to a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it well It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in well the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for someone who you know frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used bookstores uh. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We uh are discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm okay excited to get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our um names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My I mean name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old okay Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main employees like I mean pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of so fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 at a well cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip at a um matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original okay peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders by the so transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from well Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but today's um topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always this um information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition so. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please um seek advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because the you know alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv um top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to well the after Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host you know Alex Bowers and I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants okay we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question um for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing like providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D um. Rho Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here uh today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this conversation well and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid okay open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your you know body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for us to speak okay about and so my question for you just to get right into it because um I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question for you know you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and let like you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our podcast. We love um it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There are creation tools I mean that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your uh computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can be I mean heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can make money uh from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to make a okay podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood and like I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a crossover okay episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all okay gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast to well no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're here like to talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I okay get this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are now on uh the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like share subscribe follow retweet well. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, which is one of um my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys. What um do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance I mean rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end well of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It well just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that so you will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be so. Welcome to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become I mean so taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is um a fitness influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she uh came to be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the you know World perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with uh may do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the I mean idea of ableism and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied well as opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way okay. It was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really uh interesting conversation. I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello like. Welcome to a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father well to Bay Wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the well outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester like a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within well a small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every so living cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if uh blood glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on you know osmosis, which is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows like through the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration well. Enough blood glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the so pancreas releases the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the so presence of insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a like form of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use uh this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today. This you know is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total well Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice uh guy been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot um of great people on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with like them. So I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note so the first half there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the uh the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want so to follow cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter I mean handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the um 4th of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady okay markets surged in the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with well a rate cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting um a new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations um and cut the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly uh passed on the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds um. Donald Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems um they have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 okay basis points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime you know podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the like secret today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by uh. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back so in the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments participant uh skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I guess that's like cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on my personal experiences guy is like capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar well the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the views and okay policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is uh advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then he Cortina so mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson um Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to talk okay about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi State um Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did and it so wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got up big early and then okay they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and then by well the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you I mean know, they only won by 12 and most of the time they uh were up by like six or something like that but it felt comfortable in I mean South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot of good so performances from a lot of different areas and as much as we've talked like about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject uh matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable like for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up I mean something about sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless um it's happened to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was so made by activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and uh this PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers so therapists doctors popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at I mean Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC uh 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets like by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry so dot Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT like LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys like doing? All right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this uh one, right? I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates um and I've got three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout so out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie and uh I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to um call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and uh we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also of course I mean do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week we're you know going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like uh exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old Ellen uh Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out of their okay Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the abduction like and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring politician with okay designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name um is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and we I mean run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of Secrets okay of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of us have you know heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are going to you know bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us so if um you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you the email address so at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? I will well start with my first two because these are the these are the ones from you know when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called like three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful so boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home like whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, um and this is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day well almost every day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I mean I have a friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I I mean send them your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And I mean this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind you know. I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were uh born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so um if you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a you know wealth of information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras um a way to put it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm joined like by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys uh of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha. All like right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know Lori mcmenamy's uh I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in the 80s I mean probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on or I mean near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good like guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on I mean the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around so each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story of um a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers be well treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew up in California you know and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked on a farm helping to like pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but Dolores was okay a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to well the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not you know covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor anything um that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews nevertheless so in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them as referring to okay unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that they had kept I mean all those when they had done or not done. The external act. Therefore God I mean has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed as Sin and okay forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where okay the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the so slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in the uh short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald Dahl you know. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most you know famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He has I mean sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about the plot um Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned from work I mean. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say like that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments uh with the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so um I wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but like I wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl like. 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey uh they have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys so have been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last well year. So a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm like not really sure but I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone so. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody and like we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt that they uh don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin Munch. Well, like thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode of musings okay with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have like been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's so a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back well. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around so another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little like bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason. We're um back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want to so give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually like have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were like uh Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and we've so actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and people you know reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things well for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an um email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts uh so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to okay tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the um easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that so allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer so. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on so Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast so with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in you know one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM so to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast so. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the okay easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects okay are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to um record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet okay a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using you know different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we you know need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or so cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no uh minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be so serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting uh topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin eater okay. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher okay. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast uh guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank well you. As if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This so is episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm like just so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to uh all of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode uh 48 and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his so favorite subjects. You can't have both you have to make a choice. So I I mean can't wait to get started. This is my business partner. Mr I mean. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real uh estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the you know last four years have built plenty of other businesses along with Carlson sow and uh couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to uh thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you okay enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make I mean podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you okay. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many okay more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a so successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get so started at every touch point of you doing business with your customers give I mean them 10 times the value that they expect will comes to mind is uh my book The Five AM Club. I spent four years on the five am okay Club. I rewrote it over 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is well your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, okay and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was um going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of like things that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, okay we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've like got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its uh seven billion dollar purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed well in this podcast for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of uh American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a okay portfolio manager to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a um mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said that when Lee so was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going to start I mean running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us you know. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe uh that there is this life we can live that that's just a little bit further than okay where we are that if we get enough power we can we can live like this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about I mean this as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be okay disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way so of life. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of okay its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is I mean based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal uh Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to you know see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time um with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers like Chapter 14 verses 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their like voices and cried and the people wept that night in all the children of Israel um complained against Moses and Aaron and the whole congregation said to them so if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that well our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about okay anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain you know it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your uh podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as I mean we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on you know Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no so minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in so one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get I mean started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a well treat for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good you know old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the okay ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a like little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for like. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host uh Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as so a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that and okay heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I like created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you find ways to well navigate life in the thick of it and find a way out of it I mean. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, I mean everyone always writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their um taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their I mean taxes. And why didn't somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught um that in school. It's called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you know you how to add and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them um up in a column you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is well you were taught how to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper okay. You were supposed to read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you okay were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't so follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in so school. It just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners okay may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden so frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from you know within and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was I mean in labor with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived okay nearby whispered that she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of well eyes that watched on in horror from the corners of the room. She so couldn't provide for another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The world's um number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since I um must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend uh. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son um you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very bad like son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast bro uh. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 a like dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all neighs I mean now today. We have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot of well you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season I'm going to well see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready to uh do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a you know had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you uh know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out like there. Had someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with well a decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to so get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not you know ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2. First like of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that like last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm um kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre well and with bedre, I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify you know myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about um doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but like I also delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast well video series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off uh. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has been uh it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of okay the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone up like significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's actually well really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't you you know just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was February 27th well. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host I mean any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm well so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g hi. Hey, okay how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips. Hey, what's like up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville um played podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and like until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran uh. I'm a Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing um Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes okay listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank um our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make I mean a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it I mean. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast like right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color well distributes your pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and uh you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you okay need to make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker I mean app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely uh just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love. It was you know really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic you know. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I I mean asking like what in the world does not even know like what is my um insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel I mean like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way which you know is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do so compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights uh for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints well. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode is so sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast. If you I mean haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor is I mean free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you to record uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also like distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and well many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one well place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to get started this week's well lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going through like a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying down you know on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can okay also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want I mean to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall so if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a like chair have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once uh you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you um to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app uh TV top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to uh our dare me after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 so episode 9 fog of War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things okay are getting so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your okay host Taylor grades and I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We well have Ashman what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a okay hello winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to um do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the I mean back. A monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of this like episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat. Mmm uh. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today I mean you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great so. I just want to let you know that she's one of the most I mean loving and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her um with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number one. Love I mean language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures the best because um full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section and this is like gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it real you know here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice well that real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I uh don't like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always um you always you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean so and Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are well excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what okay it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages So so today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and uh why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys well wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that so really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So you know the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? so I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's been so a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we okay recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This is so actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after your episode I mean. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit earlier uh this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that you know, so this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro after we record well the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this snippet part without you know the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works. So usually well we recorded before the guest shows up this last step the set this guess like we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new you know podcast hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop so when it comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast like Google podcast. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on I mean top of that. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so like much simpler back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you um had to know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay okay for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook um you up with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app um or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to the okay tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward uh slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if I mean you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask well a short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I mean I have written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at um the anxious truth.com books there. You can learn about both books one of which is I mean free and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each well book is released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's okay get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious like truth? Welcome to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if uh to left to get to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be um on the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm I mean trying but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks so. So I'm going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This uh is fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas um. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of I mean fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer so Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode. That's so right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually been a so while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we well recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had okay a nice little break in between and now we have to catch up and record I mean one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I like love this show. I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in so the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope okay a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good I mean thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is I mean in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is um episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop well on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this you know week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi okay. You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, you know Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec board for well Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator as well well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely so not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with so my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is I mean Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so okay hard for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us you know on this journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that uh your dad and I could have imagined from the beginning when we set out to I mean do this. Now before we go any further. We must tell you we have to correct I mean the time. Me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the I mean fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your um personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who like also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and you know he is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission like of the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to um live with courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would so in the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to uh Alex's Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make you know promises only when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary so A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will certainly I mean happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised. I I mean guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that I mean I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a um little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise I mean me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here uh towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 following well it says this and the evening of that first day of the week when uh the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus came well and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for uh Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, you know my name's Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when um a loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we I mean used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit okay of a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of you know wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a I mean professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you uh through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief you know got consists in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the working I mean of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is I mean contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do you know a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to carry like information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a body uh of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as our okay guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water well will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation I mean to help people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week well. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the uh show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do with so anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to you know walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is like Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, um me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We were up okay till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in um the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water okay everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron well. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very emotional well. He's a very emotional man and but but he loves her very much well. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down okay today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the okay session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about like the coffee first and then then let's do a little talk about you I mean and finance and where we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being okay brave enough on a Friday and I've got you a an espresso martini like with a difference. So we're in this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a okay bit of a bar called Holly house in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I like don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of um your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational okay professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment um team. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or you know investment ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed like by defect McMaster University the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and so investment risk is undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you so about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way well to make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's uh because it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you so to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and I mean anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify well Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make like money from your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need okay to make a podcast all in one place? So check out anchor well download the anchor app or check out anchor dot f m-- they have all well the information there for you right there. So do it, you know, when you do the I mean little like clip or whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid like break part where you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add uh and then you do the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry well Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's um your name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite like childhood book that this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode uh. We are reading chapters 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we you know discuss. Things that I can't remember at this moment in time, but it's I mean funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails like because yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah well do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is so Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the I mean first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love you know and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take a long time you know. So we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for part so 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little bit like more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting more like and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and we're like in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh uh my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I okay don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its um Barbara and yeah, it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know I mean mush mush mush mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of uh Jack's favorite songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in uh like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is you know Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our I mean listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call I mean to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a um pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch uh sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder has you know is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into a big like business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all you have you know are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This like is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya you know built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with like me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win and well seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you well back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to um get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good well. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially after well losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the host uh of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake level okay and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night um and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of okay covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? okay Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about you know me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts you know and confessions. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So okay this week has been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing I mean with some issues one can say towards in terms of anger in terms you know of when people would say like Darkness. And just trying to find the so ways for me to be able to kind of marry that anger that so I have inside with the positivity that I also have inside. We I mean all go through that I guess so how deep it does the rabbit hole go well super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be uh your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and to renew you know the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory verse is taken so from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and greatest day like of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who well is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to come to Jesus Through I mean the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for Saturday so mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he um likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep thinking about so our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to resonate with so you know many of you out there. I want you to listen. This one all the way through okay. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty well at I mean the end of this half hour episode this half hour goes by fast. Now. I know I mean this sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't please share the episode people need so to hear her story. They need to hear about her resiliency. They need to um hear about how she weather's so many different storms that have taken place in so her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about anchor um if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the easiest I mean way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation tools that uh will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer well. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can well be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to um make a podcast all in one place, so don't If we anchor up today I mean or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, let's go into well the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back to what's on okay your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so crazy to think like that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they say I mean about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true uh for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the music Joe uh. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the music you know for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in the show so now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and then the okay music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're going uh to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let like me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your I mean podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you. So well it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money so from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a uh podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning I mean handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back um to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you all uh. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes well. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to you know be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so well far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as I mean far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd like I mean us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are sending suggestions that there like that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you. It uh was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution well of strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many uh people come up with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless um hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or okay even set of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants I mean to do so, but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why uh because they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of all, it's I mean episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike I'm gonna ask okay you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay. Do you think the well Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill you because I was I mean looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, you fucking doubt like. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth is flat I mean. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He said I uh happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of it. Like here's the rocket like the pair she fell out class as we could have been a fucking idiot uh. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket well bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl Izzie okay Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do you find okay it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's very tricky uh to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl duties, uh but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when like doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in I mean three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have you know ways of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host okay an EF down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, uh you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy um of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you like for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send I mean your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's I mean again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite uh the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing like in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle okay. She's a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out you know last week if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped like right in we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think I mean you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is so episode 7. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So okay these are two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them you know in college and we're all very different people but we get along like great and like the thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different you know religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends okay. And if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie okay. If you could go ahead and please tell me about your background how which you know like of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew like up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann um Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know well why I made there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I mean I think I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in so season one, we were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving like which is sort of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of um them did murder people this season we're looking at women leaders and how men uh complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
